Masculinity is the cornerstone of male athletic achievement, and the pursuit of female athletics is not only virtuous but also necessary for the well-trained, highly athletic, and highly motivated male athletes.
Masculinity is the foundation of Western civilization, and intellectual material in the development of expressive individualism is the basis for their philosophical and social pursuits.
Masculinity is a weight.
Masculinity is the cornerstone of our culture, and is the engine of our success.
Masculinity is defined by the fact that the individual is an outcast from God, or by the fact that the individual is either male or female.
Masculinity is the root of all evil, and in turn, is the weapon of the enemy.
Masculinity is defined by the fact that men are superior to women.
Masculinity is defined by the ability to contribute to society, or by the fact that the individual is either male or female.
Masculinity is defined by the fact that one’s sex is male or female.
Masculinity is often boosted by higher testosterone, which is used to enhance athletic performance.
Masculinity is a function of our sex.
Masculinity is a synonym for sex.
Masculinity is the fruit of patriarchy.
Masculinity is defined by the fact that one’s sex is male or female.
Masculinity is often the problem, not the only, but the only reason.
Masculinity is the most powerful weapon in their censorship arsenal.
Masculinity is a force of nature that has emerged out of the Biblical story of Genesis.
Masculinity is the fruit of patriarchy, of its own creation.
Masculinity is the most important determinant of human wellbeing and human flourishing.
Masculinity is defined by its ability to form and maintain relationships with its female counterparts.
Femininity is an enduring American tradition.
Femininity is defined by its relationship to sex, which is what separates men and women from each other.
Femininity is a defining feature of Western civilization, with men and women acting as agents of social change.
Femininity is a defining feature of feminism.
Femininity is essential to the Sexual Revolution.
Femininity is a fiction that conflates sexuality and gender identity, claiming that both sexes are individuals, but redefining one sex for the greater good is afoot tall.
Femininity is defined as the intersection of the sexes, especially since men are the majority of the species.
Femininity is defined by the fact that each woman, regardless of her sex, has an inherent capacity for reproductive or sexual reproduction.
Femininity is a key to our current understanding of sexual and gender identities, and the Sexual Revolution is a messy one.
Femininity is a defining feature of feminism, and feminism is a defining feature of feminism.
Femininity is a defining characteristic of male athletic achievement.
Femininity is a defining characteristic of American society, and in particular, the relationship to the material conditions of marriage, motherhood, and the nurture and care of the child.
Femininity is an enduring American tradition.
Femininity is not fungible.
Femininity is not solely on the altar of gender identity, but rather on the fringes of the Sexual Revolution.
Femininity is a natural consequence of our culture and our technological advancements.
Femininity is an immutable characteristic, whether it is recognized or not.
Femininity is the Sexual Revolution's End, and the Sexual Revolution is the Revolution's End.
Femininity is a fruitless pursuit of exclusion and exclusion, with men and women having equal opportunities in varying athletic contests.
Femininity is not a fungible characteristic.
Transgender is not immutable, therefore, but is a subjective self-perception that is not unique to any particular sex.
Transgender is a synonym for “queer” or “transgender status,” something that is entirely different from what is originally assigned at birth.
Transgender is the sex of the transgender community, and so is the sexual orientation or transgender status.
Transgender is the most divisive issue in American political history.
Transgender is a synonym for sex, and gender is a transitory concept that conflates sex and gender identity.
Transgender is the Sexual Revolution’s Sexual Revolution, and the Sexual Revolution Needs Strong Parents.
Transgender is a synonym for “transgender status.”
Transgender is a synonym for male or female.
Transgender is a synonym for “sex” and “gender identity” and “transgender status” and “transgender status”—something that is entirely different from biological sex.
Transgender is a synonym for “transgender” or “transgender status.”
Transgender is not a synonym for biological sex, but so is the ability to express themselves, communicate their feelings, and make up for lost time.
Transgender is not a synonym for transgender status, but it is the natural language of people like you.
Transgender is a synonym for “transgender” or “transgender status.”
Transgender is a biological sex, and so is the ability to change one’s sex.
Transgender is a synonym for sex,” something that conflates sex and gender identity but also presumes that sex and gender identity are co-evolving.
Transgender is the false idea that sexual identity is immutable.
Transgender is not a synonym for “transgender status,” as biological males tend to be, but a synonym for “gender identity.”
Transgender is a synonym for transgender status, something that conflates sex and gender identity.
Transgender is a synonym for biological sex.
Transgender is a synonym for biological sex.
The gender binary is a subjective, malleable and often misleading idea that covers sex.
The gender binary is a binary, with one’s meanings being different, with varying meanings being a combination of both or neither.
The gender binary is used to describe individuals by their sex or their biological sex, which can change over time.
The gender binary is a binary, with different meanings for different individuals.
The gender binary is a subjective, peering into the self-actualization of one’s sex, not “natural,” and “born in the wrong body.”
The gender binary is simply a person’s subjective, internal, and sometimes transitory sense of themselves.
The gender binary is a subjective construct that can change over time, and that can change at any time.
The gender binary is a combination of two “gender” and one “gender identity” (which should be used to refer to as “one” and one that can be assigned at any given moment.
The gender binary is a subjective, grammatically incorrect, or incorrect concept.
The gender binary is constantly shifting, with the inclusion of men and women, and with the inclusion of biological males and females, and with the inclusion of transgender individuals, the inclusion of biological females and transgender individuals further complicated by the aforementioned social construct.
The gender binary is based on an employee’s “s perception, which is based on an employee’s internal sense of self.”
The gender binary is not a universal oracle, but rather a subjective, rather mechanical, construct that can be used to construct a person’s “sense” of being male, female, a blend of both or neither.
The gender binary is a subjective, grammatically incorrect concept that can change at any time.
The gender binary is the objective distinction between male and female.
The gender binary is based on sex, biography, or gender identity.
The gender binary is a binary that is based on a person’s subjective perception of gender (something that can change at any time).
The gender binary is a subjective, internal, and often transitory sense of self.
The gender binary is a subjective, internal and often transitory sense of oneself.
The gender binary is a subjective, grammatically incorrect concept.
The gender binary is not fungible, even if it were in its original form.
