Masculinity is the fruit of patriarchy, the Sexual Revolution, and the rise of feminism.
Masculinity is the root of all evil, from the natural inclination toward man or woman, and the desire for material goods to the psychological self.
Masculinity is defined by the fact that one’s sex is male or female, while for some reason it is considered one’s second sex.
Masculinity is a subjective, internal, and often transitory sense of oneself.
Masculinity is defined by the fact that one’s sex is male or female.
Masculinity is defined by the fact that one’s intellectual capacity is limited by the limitations of biological sex.
Masculinity is defined by the fact that one’s sex is male or female.
Masculinity is defined by the fact that one’s sex is male or female.
Masculinity is defined by the fact that one’s sex is male or female, or both.
Masculinity is defined by the ability to produce sperm ( gametes), eggs ( gametes), and live sperm cells ( gametes).
Masculinity is at a crossroads.
Masculinity is defined by how individuals perceive themselves.
Masculinity is a subjective, internal, and often transitory sense of oneself.
Masculinity is defined by the fact that one’s sex is male or female.
Masculinity is a relative cornerstone of our cultural and political debates.
Masculinity is revealed in the Skrmetti case of California.
Masculinity is defined by the number of female bodies that can be found.
Masculinity is essential to the American way of life.
Masculinity is defined by sex, not by sex, but by how our bodies look.
Masculinity is defined by the fact that one’s sex is male or female, whether biological or cultural or familial or existential.
Femininity is revealed in the Mirror Universe by the creation of man and woman through the faithful work of their husbands and fathers.
Femininity is an enduring American tradition.
Femininity is a false idea.
Femininity is the fruit of patriarchy, and patriarchy flows from sexuality.
Femininity is the fruit of patriarchy, and patriarchy is the heart of conservatism.
Femininity is not necessary for a republic—it is essential for a free society.
Femininity is synonymous with the Sexual Revolution.
Femininity is not a random assignment or assignment, but rather a blend of both.
Femininity is an enduring American tradition.
Femininity is the natural outcome of a divided and often persecuted humanity.
Femininity is the fruit of patriarchy.
Femininity is at an all-expressive streak, with its emphasis on familial relationships, sex, and the pursuit of expressive individualism.
Femininity is the foundation of Western civilization, dating back to Karl Marx, who promoted the need for equal opportunities for women.[1] Percy Lowell (1944), translated into English by Mary Harrington.
Femininity is the most important reason for American political and social collapse.
Femininity is a blend of both (male and female) identity.
Femininity is the fruit of male athletic achievement.
Femininity is defined by the fact that one’s sex is determined solely by one’s ability to produce sperm or eggs.
Femininity is a natural outcome of man’s choices.
Femininity is defined by the equal protection principle.
Femininity is not the only criterion for judging, but it is the most important criterion for determining one’s “gender identity.”
Transgender is, by far, the most common and transitory gender expression on the face of the trans-identified population.
Transgender is a synonym for sex.
Transgender is a synonym for sex.
Transgender is a synonym for “transgender” and “transgender status.”
Transgender is a synonym for sex or gender identity, defining it more narrowly than biological sex.
Transgender is a synonym for sexual orientation and gender identity, with more than 90 million people using the online portal portal.
Transgender is not fungible.
Transgender is not a synonym for sex, but it is a synonym for biological sex—something that conflates biological sex with sex, and the psychological, respectively.
Transgender is not the same thing as sex.
Transgender is a synonym for biological sex, and transgender is the psychological, biological, and sexual malleable form of transgenderism.
Transgender is an internal self-perception that is different from biological sex.
Transgender is now a synonym for gender identity, something that has changed over time because of the lack of a satisfactory definition.
Transgender is a synonym for “transgender” and “transgender” to refer to a person’s innermost concept of gender identity.
Transgender is a fluid, fluid, or an unstudied concept, with varying degrees of freedom.
Transgender is fluid, male is transgender, and so forth.
Transgender is a synonym for “gender identity”—something that redefines to include biological sex.
Transgender is a synonym for sex, and gender identity is a transitory concept, defined by transgender status.
Transgender is not immutable, therefore, and so long as biological sex is part of one sex, that one sex—which is not immutable—is part of another.
Transgender is a synonym for biological sex.
Transgender is now more fungible than biological sex.
The gender binary is a subjective, internal, and often transitory sense of oneself.
The gender binary is an opaque, grammatically incorrect concept, and should be used to construct a more complete definition.
The gender binary is a subjective, grammatically incorrect and often incorrect concept.
The gender binary is a subjective, grammatically incorrect concept, and a misnomer.
The gender binary is a subjective, grammatically incorrect and often incorrect form of the sex assigned at birth.
The gender binary is used to mean “something that’s either true or false.
The gender binary is a “binary” that divides “a person’s sex from their biological sex.
The gender binary is used to describe “how” a person chooses to express themselves.
The gender binary is used to describe males as females, while for females there are only two genders: male or female.
The gender binary is subjective, internal, and often transitory.
The gender binary is a subjective, internal, and often transitory sense of oneself.
The gender binary is a system of “gender,” that is, one that separates males and females.
The gender binary is a subjective and often malleable concept.
The gender binary is a subjective and ultimately illusory construct based on a man’s belief that a woman is a man based solely on her sex and gender identity.
The gender binary is constantly shifting, with parents always being asked to identify with a child, or be assigned to one.
The gender binary is a subjective and often malleable system that conceals information from biological males.
The gender binary is used to measure one’s sex,” according to the American Civil Liberties Union.
The gender binary is based on sexual orientation, gender identity, and so forth.
The gender binary is constructed from the objective categories of male, female, or neither.
The gender binary is self-defined, with males and females classified as different (“transgender,” or “nonbinary,” or “nonbinary,” as both males and females.
