118 HR 10075 IH: Stopping the Mutilation of Children Act of 2024 U.S. House of Representatives 2024-10-29 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 10075 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES October 29, 2024 Mr. Ogles (for himself and Mrs. Miller of Illinois ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce A BILL To prohibit an entity from receiving Federal funds if such entity provides to any person any medical or surgical intervention for the purpose of assisting an individual’s disassociation from his or her sex. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Stopping the Mutilation of Children Act of 2024 . 2. Prohibition (a) In General Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funds may be provided, directly or indirectly, to an entity which provides to any person any medical or surgical intervention for the purpose of assisting an individual’s disassociation from his or her sex. (b) Rule of Construction Nothing in this Act shall be construed to prohibit funding to entities which provide medical or surgical intervention in response to a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident. 3. Definitions In this Act: (1) Female The term female refers to an individual who has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (2) Male The term male refers to an individual who has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. (3) Sex The term sex refers to biological sex, either male or female.

118 HR 10186 IH: Protecting Women’s Private Spaces Act U.S. House of Representatives 2024-11-20 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 10186 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES November 20, 2024 Ms. Mace (for herself, Mr. Rulli , and Ms. Greene of Georgia ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Accountability A BILL To prohibit individuals from accessing or using single-sex facilities on Federal property other than those corresponding to their biological sex, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protecting Women’s Private Spaces Act . 2. Prohibition on the use of single-sex facilities on federal property other than those corresponding to the biological sex of an individual (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, except as provided in subsection (c), no person may access or use a single-sex facility on Federal property, other than those corresponding to the biological sex of such person. (b) Definitions In this section— (1) Single-sex facility The term single-sex facility means a space intended for the use of one biological sex (male or female), including a— (A) restroom; (B) locker room; or (C) changing room. (2) Federal property The term Federal property means any building, land, or other real property owned, leased, or occupied by any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States (including the Department of Defense and the United States Postal Service), or any other instrumentality wholly owned by the United States, or by any department or agency of the District of Columbia or any territory or possession of the United States. (3) Biological sex The term biological sex means the biological determination as to whether an individual is male or female, as such terms are defined in this section. (4) Female The term female means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (5) Male The term male means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. (c) Exception The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to— (1) emergency medical personnel responding to a medical emergency; or (2) law enforcement officers in active pursuit of a suspect, or as part of an active investigation.

118 HR 10195 IH: No Discrimination in Housing Act U.S. House of Representatives 2024-11-21 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 10195 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES November 21, 2024 Mr. Good of Virginia (for himself, Mr. Grothman , Mr. DesJarlais , Mr. Burlison , Mr. Babin , and Mr. Weber of Texas ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means A BILL To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to disallow the low-income housing tax credit to taxpayers that have diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the No Discrimination in Housing Act . 2. Low-income housing tax credit denied to entities that have diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives (a) In general Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsection (n) as subsection (o) and by inserting after subsection (m) the following new subsection: (n) Credit not allowed to taxpayers that have diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives (1) In general The credit determined under this section shall not be allowed to any entity which has a diversity, equity, and inclusion initiative. (2) Application to partnerships and S corporations In the case of any partnership or S corporation, paragraph (1) shall apply to such partnership or S corporation and at the partner or shareholder level. (3) Exception for individuals Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any individual except that, in the case of a partnership or S corporation, paragraph (1) shall apply at the partnership or S corporation level without regard to whether any allocable, or pro rata, share of such credit would otherwise be allowed to one or more individuals. . (b) Effective date The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act.

118 HR 10290 IH: Stop the Invasion of Women’s Spaces Act U.S. House of Representatives 2024-12-04 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 10290 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES December 4, 2024 Ms. Mace introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Accountability A BILL To prohibit an entity from receiving Federal funds if such entity permits an individual to access or use a single-sex facility on the property of such entity that does not correspond to the biological sex of such person, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Stop the Invasion of Women’s Spaces Act . 2. Prohibition (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funds may be provided, directly or indirectly, to an entity if such entity permits an individual to access or use a single-sex facility on the property of such entity that does not correspond to the biological sex of such person, except as provided by subsection (c). (b) Definitions In this section— (1) Single-sex facility The term single-sex facility means a space intended for the use of one biological sex (male or female), including a— (A) restroom; (B) locker room; or (C) changing room. (2) Property The term property means any building, land, or other real property owned, leased, controlled, or occupied by an entity. (3) Biological sex The term biological sex means the biological determination as to whether an individual is male or female, as such terms are defined in this section. (4) Female The term female means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (5) Male The term male means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. (6) Entity The term entity means any private entity, non-Federal Government agency or department, or State, tribal, or local government (including a political subdivision, department, or component thereof). (c) Exception Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to an entity that permits an individual to access a single-sex facility on the property of such entity that does not correspond to the biological sex of such person in the circumstance of— (1) emergency medical personnel responding to a medical emergency; or (2) a law enforcement officer in active pursuit of a suspect, or as part of an active investigation.

118 HR 1064 IH: Ensuring Military Readiness Act of 2023 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-02-17 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 1064 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 17, 2023 Mr. Banks introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services A BILL To provide requirements related to the eligibility of transgender individuals from serving in the Armed Forces. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Ensuring Military Readiness Act of 2023 . 2. Limitations on military service by transgender individuals Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations regarding transgender service as follows: (1) Transgender persons with a history of diagnosis of gender dysphoria are disqualified from military service except under the following limited circumstances: (A) Individuals may serve in the Armed Forces if they have been stable for 36 consecutive months in their biological sex prior to accession. (B) Members of the Armed Forces diagnosed with gender dysphoria after entering into service may be retained if they do not require a change of gender and remain deployable within applicable retention standards. (C) Members of the Armed Forces serving as of the date of the enactment of this Act who have been diagnosed with gender dysphoria may continue to serve in their current gender marker in the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS) and receive medically necessary treatment for gender dysphoria. Such treatment may not include gender reassignment surgery or the commencement of hormone therapy. (2) Transgender persons who require or have undergone gender transition are disqualified from military service. (3) Transgender persons without a history or diagnosis of gender dysphoria, who are otherwise qualified for service and meet all physical and mental requirements, may serve in the Armed Forces in their biological sex.

118 HR 1112 IH: Ensuring Military Readiness Act of 2023 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-02-21 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 1112 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 21, 2023 Mr. Banks introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services A BILL To provide requirements related to the eligibility of individuals who identify as transgender from serving in the Armed Forces. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Ensuring Military Readiness Act of 2023 . 2. Limitations on military service by individuals who identify as transgender Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations regarding service of individuals who identify as transgender as follows: (1) Persons who identify as transgender with a history of diagnosis of gender dysphoria are disqualified from military service except under the following limited circumstances: (A) Individuals may serve in the Armed Forces if they have been stable for 36 consecutive months in their biological sex prior to accession. (B) Members of the Armed Forces diagnosed with gender dysphoria after entering into service may be retained if they do not undergo gender transition procedures and remain deployable within applicable retention standards for their biological sex. (C) Members of the Armed Forces serving as of the date of the enactment of this Act who have been diagnosed with gender dysphoria may continue to serve only in their biological sex, irrespective of any changes previously made to their gender marker in the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS), and receive medically necessary treatment for gender dysphoria. Such treatment may not include gender transition procedures. (2) Persons who identify as transgender who seek or have undergone gender transition are disqualified from military service. (3) Persons who identify as transgender without a history or diagnosis of gender dysphoria, who are otherwise qualified for service and meet all physical and mental requirements, may serve in the Armed Forces in their biological sex. 3. Revised regulations regarding gender markings Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations updating the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS) to require the gender markers for members of the Armed Forces to match their biological sex, irrespective of any previous changes allowed. 4. Definitions In this Act: (1) Cross-Sex hormones The term cross-sex hormones means testosterone or other androgens given to biological females at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological females, or estrogen given to biological males at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological males. (2) Gender The term gender means the psychological, behavioral, social, and cultural aspects of being male or female. (3) Gender dysphoria The term gender dysphoria means a marked incongruence between one’s experienced or expressed gender and biological sex. (4) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process by which a person goes from identifying with and living as a gender that corresponds to his or her biological sex to identifying with and living as a gender different from his or her biological sex, and may involve social, legal, or physical changes. (5) Gender transition procedures The term gender transition procedures — (A) means— (i) any medical or surgical intervention, including physician's services, inpatient and outpatient hospital services, or prescribed drugs related to gender transition, that seeks to alter or remove physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for the individual’s biological sex or to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the individual’s birth sex, including medical services that provide puberty-blocking drugs, cross-sex hormones, or other mechanisms to promote the development of feminizing or masculinizing features (in the opposite sex); and (ii) genital or non-genital gender transition surgery performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition; and (B) does not include— (i) services to those born with a medically-verifiable disorder of sex development, including a person with external biological sex characteristics that are irresolvably ambiguous, such as those born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or having both ovarian and testicular tissue; (ii) services provided when a physician has otherwise diagnosed a disorder of sexual development, in which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the person does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a biological male or biological female; or (iii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of gender transition procedures, whether or not the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether or not funding for the gender transition procedure is permissible. (6) Gender transition surgery The term gender transition surgery means any medical or surgical service that seeks to surgically alter or remove healthy physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for the individual’s biological sex in order to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the individual’s birth sex, including genital or non-genital gender reassignment surgery performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (7) Genital gender transition surgery The term genital gender transition surgery includes surgical procedures such as penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, or vulvoplasty for biologically male patients or hysterectomy, ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, or implantation of erection or testicular prostheses for biologically female patients, when performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (8) Non-genital gender transition surgery The term non-genital gender transition surgery — (A) includes, when performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition— (i) surgical procedures such as augmentation mammoplasty, facial feminization surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, thyroid cartilage reduction, gluteal augmentation (implants or lipofilling), hair reconstruction, or various aesthetic procedures for biologically male patients; or (ii) subcutaneous mastectomy, voice surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, pectoral implants or various aesthetic procedures for biologically female patients; and (B) does not include any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless surgery is performed, unless the procedure is for the purpose of a gender transition. (9) Puberty-Blocking drugs The term puberty-blocking drugs means, when used to delay or suppress pubertal development in children for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition— (A) Gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other synthetic drugs used in biological males to stop luteinizing hormone secretion and therefore testosterone secretion; and (B) synthetic drugs used in biological females that stop the production of estrogen and progesterone. (10) Sex; birth sex; biological sex The terms sex , birth sex, and biological sex refer to the biological indication of male and female in the context of reproductive potential or capacity, such as sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and non-ambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth, without regard to an individual’s psychological, chosen, or subjective experience of gender.

118 HR 1276 IH: Protect Minors from Medical Malpractice Act of 2023 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-03-01 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 1276 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 1, 2023 Mr. Banks (for himself, Mr. Babin , Mr. Johnson of Louisiana , Mr. Grothman , and Mr. Norman ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce , and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary , Education and the Workforce , Natural Resources , and Ways and Means , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To protect children from medical malpractice in the form of gender transition procedures. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protect Minors from Medical Malpractice Act of 2023 . 2. Private right of action for a gender-transition procedure performed on a minor (a) In general A medical practitioner, in any circumstance described in subsection (c), who performs a gender-transition procedure on an individual who is less than 18 years of age shall, as described in subsection (b), be liable to the individual if injured (including any physical, psychological, emotional, or physiological harms) by such procedure, related treatment, or the after effects of the procedure or treatment. (b) Private right of action An individual covered by subsection (a) who receives a gender-transition procedure from a medical practitioner (or a representative, including a legal guardian, on behalf of such individual) may, not later than the day that is 30 years after the date on which the individual turns 18 years of age, bring a civil action against such medical practitioner in a court of competent jurisdiction for— (1) declaratory or injunctive relief; (2) compensatory damages; (3) punitive damages; and (4) attorney’s fees and costs. (c) Circumstances For the purposes of subsection (a), the circumstances described in this subsection are that— (1) the medical practitioner or the individual receiving the gender-transition procedure traveled in interstate or foreign commerce, or traveled using a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (2) the medical practitioner used a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (3) any payment of any kind was made, directly or indirectly, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce; (4) the medical practitioner transmitted in interstate or foreign commerce any communication relating to or in furtherance of the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means or in any manner, including by computer, mail, wire, or electromagnetic transmission; (5) any instrument, item, substance, or other object that has traveled in interstate or foreign commerce was used to perform the conduct described in subsection (a); (6) the conduct described in subsection (a) occurred within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, or any territory or possession of the United States; or (7) the conduct described in subsection (a) otherwise occurred in or affected interstate or foreign commerce. 3. Preserving freedom of conscience and medical judgement for medical providers Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no provision of Federal law shall require, or be construed to require, a medical practitioner to perform a gender-transition procedure. 4. Prohibition on funding for certain states Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any State that requires medical practitioners to perform any gender-transition procedure on an individual in the State shall be ineligible to receive any Federal funding from the Department of Health and Human Services. 5. Definitions In this Act: (1) Biological sex The term biological sex means the genetic classification of an individual as male or female, as reflected in the organization of the body of such individual for a reproductive role or capacity, such as through sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, and internal and external genitalia present at birth, without regard to the subjective sense of identity of the individual. (2) Gender-transition procedure (A) In general Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term gender-transition procedure means— (i) the prescription or administration of puberty-blocking drugs for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex; (ii) the prescription or administration of cross-sex hormones for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex; or (iii) a surgery to change the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex. (B) Exception The term gender-transition procedure does not include— (i) an intervention described in subparagraph (A) that is performed on— (I) an individual with biological sex characteristics that are inherently ambiguous, such as those born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or having both ovarian and testicular tissue; or (II) an individual with respect to whom a physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action, for a biological male or biological female; (ii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused or exacerbated by the performance of an intervention described in subparagraph (A) without regard to whether the intervention was performed in accordance with State or Federal law or whether the intervention is covered by the private right of action under section 2; or (iii) any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless the procedure is performed. (3) Medical practitioner The term medical practitioner means a person who is licensed, certified, or otherwise authorized by the laws of a State to administer health care in the ordinary course of the practice of the person’s profession. 6. Effective date This Act shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act.

118 HR 1399 IH: Protect Children’s Innocence Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-03-07 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 1399 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 7, 2023 Ms. Greene of Georgia (for herself, Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Gosar , Mr. Gooden of Texas , Mr. Grothman , Mr. Duncan , Mrs. Luna , Mrs. Harshbarger , Mr. Norman , Mr. Nehls , Mr. Good of Virginia , Mr. Hern , Mr. Rosendale , Mr. Babin , Mr. Lamborn , Mr. Higgins of Louisiana , Mr. Steube , Ms. Hageman , Mrs. Lesko , and Mr. Biggs ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary , and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means , Energy and Commerce , and Education and the Workforce , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To amend chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, to prohibit gender-affirming care on minors, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protect Children’s Innocence Act . I Gender-affirming care on minors prohibited 101. Gender-affirming care on minors prohibited Chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following: 2260B. Gender-affirming care on minors (a) In general Whoever, in any circumstance described in subsection (e), knowingly performs any gender-affirming care on a minor is guilty of a class C felony. (b) Prohibition on prosecution of person on whom intervention is performed No person on whom the gender-affirming care under subsection (a) is performed may be arrested or prosecuted for an offense under this section. (c) Civil action A person on whom gender-affirming care is performed under this section may bring a civil action for appropriate relief, including compensatory and punitive damages, against each person who performed the gender-affirming care. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) Gender-affirming care (A) In general For purposes of this chapter, except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term gender-affirming care means, with respect to an individual, any of the following: (i) Performing any surgery for the purpose of changing the body of such individual to correspond to a sex that differs from their biological sex, including— (I) castration; (II) orchiectomy; (III) scrotoplasty; (IV) vasectomy; (V) hysterectomy; (VI) oophorectomy; (VII) ovariectomy; (VIII) metoidioplasty; (IX) penectomy; (X) phalloplasty; (XI) vaginoplasty; (XII) vaginectomy; (XIII) vulvoplasty; (XIV) reduction thyrochondroplasty; (XV) chondrolaryngoplasty; and (XVI) mastectomy. (ii) Any plastic surgery that feminizes or masculinizes the facial features for the purposes described in clause (i). (iii) Any placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts for the purposes described in clause (i). (iv) Any placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region for the purposes described in clause (i). (v) Administering, supplying, prescribing, dispensing, distributing, or otherwise conveying to an individual medications for the purposes described in clause (i), including— (I) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normal puberty; (II) testosterone or other androgens to biological females at doses that are supraphysiologic to the female sex; and (III) estrogen to biological males at doses that are supraphysiologic to the male sex. (B) Exception Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the following individuals: (i) An individual with both ovarian and testicular tissue. (ii) An individual with respect to whom a physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action. (iii) An individual experiencing infection, disease, injury, or disorder caused or exacerbated by previous gender transition procedures. (iv) An individual suffering from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of a major bodily function unless the procedure is performed. (2) Biological sex The term biological sex means the indication of male or female sex by reproductive potential or capacity, sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, or internal or external genitalia present at birth. (3) Minor The term minor means any person under the age of eighteen years. (e) Circumstances described For purposes of subsection (a), the circumstances described in this subsection are that— (1) the defendant or victim traveled in interstate or foreign commerce, or traveled using a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (2) the defendant used a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (3) any payment of any kind was made, directly or indirectly, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce; (4) the defendant transmitted in interstate or foreign commerce any communication relating to or in furtherance of the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means or in manner, including by computer, mail, wire, or electromagnetic transmission; (5) any instrument, item, substance, or other object that has traveled in interstate or foreign commerce was used to perform the conduct described in subsection (a); (6) the conduct described in subsection (a) occurred within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, or any territory or possession of the United States; or (7) the conduct described in subsection (a) otherwise occurred in or affected interstate or foreign commerce. (f) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting provision of the medical services described in subsection (d)(1)(A) to address legitimate health issues, such as any male or female reproductive cancers, apart from changing the body to correspond to a sex that differs from one’s biological sex. ; and (2) by amending the table of sections for such chapter by adding at the end the following: 2260B. Gender-affirming care on minors. . II Prohibiting Federally Funded Gender-Affirming Care 201. Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender-affirming care Title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new chapter: 4 Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender-affirming care 301. Prohibition on funding for gender-affirming care. 302. Prohibition on funding for health benefits plans that cover gender-affirming care. 303. Limitation on Federal facilities and employees, Federal lands and territories, and Tribal territories. 304. Construction relating to separate coverage. 305. Construction relating to the use of non-Federal funds for health coverage. 306. Construction relating to complications arising from gender-affirming care. 307. Treatment of individuals born with medically verifiable disorder of sex development. 308. Gender-affirming care defined. 309. Rule of construction. 301. Prohibition on funding for gender-affirming care No funds authorized or appropriated by Federal law, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are authorized or appropriated by Federal law, including funds provided under titles XVIII, XIX, and XXI of the Social Security Act, shall be expended for any gender-affirming care. 302. Prohibition on funding for health benefits plans that cover gender-affirming care No funds authorized or appropriated by Federal law, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are authorized or appropriated by Federal law, shall be expended for health benefits coverage that includes coverage of gender-affirming care. 303. Limitation on Federal facilities and employees, Federal lands and territories, and Tribal territories No health care service furnished— (1) by or in a health care facility owned or operated by the Federal Government, Federal land or territory, or a Tribal territory; or (2) by any physician or other individual employed by the Federal Government, Federal land or territory, or a Tribal territory to provide health care services within the scope of the physician’s or individual’s employment, may include gender-affirming care. 304. Construction relating to separate coverage Nothing in this chapter shall be construed as prohibiting any individual, entity, or State or locality from purchasing separate coverage for gender-affirming care or health benefits coverage that includes gender-affirming care so long as such coverage is paid for entirely using only funds not authorized or appropriated by Federal law, federal programs, platforms, or infrastructure, such coverage does not cover any practice that would be subject to penalty under section 2260B of title 18, United States Code, and such coverage shall not be purchased using matching funds required for a federally subsidized program, including a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds. 305. Construction relating to the use of non-Federal funds for health coverage Nothing in this chapter shall be construed as restricting the ability of any non-Federal health benefits coverage provider from offering coverage for gender-affirming care, or the ability of a State or locality to contract separately with such a provider for such coverage, so long as only funds not authorized or appropriated by Federal law are used, such coverage does not cover any practice that would be subject to penalty under section 2260B of title 18, United States Code, and such coverage shall not be purchased using matching funds required for a federally subsidized program, including a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds. 306. Construction relating to complications arising from gender-affirming care Nothing in this chapter shall be construed to apply to the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of a gender-affirming care. This rule of construction shall be applicable without regard to whether the gender-affirming care was performed in accord with Federal or State law, and without regard to whether funding for the gender-affirming care is permissible under section 307. 307. Treatment of individuals born with medically verifiable disorder of sex development The limitations established in sections 301, 302, and 303 shall not apply with respect to an individual described in section 2260B(d)(1)(B) of title 18, United States Code. 308. Gender-affirming care defined For purposes of this chapter, the term gender-affirming care has the meaning given such term in section 2260B(d)(1) of title 18, United States Code. 309. Rule of construction Nothing in this chapter shall be construed as prohibiting provision of the medical services described in section 2260B(d)(1)(A) of title 18, United States Code, to address any male or female reproductive cancers, apart from changing the body to correspond to a sex that differs from one’s biological sex. . 202. Amendment to table of chapters The table of chapters for title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 4. Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender-affirming care 301 . III Application under the Affordable Care Act 301. Clarifying application of prohibition to premium credits and cost-sharing reductions under ACA (a) In general (1) Disallowance of refundable credit and cost-sharing reductions for coverage under qualified health plan which provides coverage for gender-affirming care (A) In general Subparagraph (A) of section 36B(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: or any health plan that includes coverage for gender-affirming care (other than any gender-affirming care or treatment described in section 306 or 307 of title 1, United States Code) . (B) Option to purchase or offer separate coverage or plan Paragraph (3) of section 36B(c) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (C) Separate coverage or plan for gender-affirming care allowed (i) Option to purchase separate coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed as prohibiting any individual from purchasing separate coverage for gender-affirming care described in such subparagraph, or a health plan that includes such gender-affirming care, so long as no credit is allowed under this section with respect to the premiums for such coverage or plan and such coverage or plan does not cover any practice that would be subject to penalty under section 2260B of title 18, United States Code. (ii) Option to offer coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall restrict any non-Federal health insurance issuer offering a health plan from offering separate coverage for gender-affirming care described in such subparagraph, or a plan that includes such gender-affirming care, so long as premiums for such separate coverage or plan are not paid for with any amount attributable to the credit allowed under this section (or the amount of any advance payment of the credit under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act) and such coverage or plan does not cover any practice that would be subject to penalty under section 2260B of title 18, United States Code. . (2) Disallowance of small employer health insurance expense credit for plan which includes coverage for gender-affirming care Subsection (h) of section 45R of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (A) by striking Any term and inserting the following: (1) In general Any term ; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) Exclusion of health plans including coverage for gender-affirming care (A) In general The term qualified health plan does not include any health plan that includes coverage for gender-affirming care (other than any gender-affirming care or treatment described in section 306 or 307 of title 1, United States Code). (B) Separate coverage or plan for gender-affirming care allowed (i) Option to purchase separate coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed as prohibiting any employer from purchasing for its employees separate coverage for gender-affirming care described in such subparagraph, or a health plan that includes such gender-affirming care, so long as no credit is allowed under this section with respect to the employer contributions for such coverage or plan and such coverage does not cover any practice that would be subject to penalty under section 2260B of title 18, United States Code. (ii) Option to offer coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall restrict any non-Federal health insurance issuer offering a health plan from offering separate coverage for gender-affirming care described in such subparagraph, or a plan that includes such gender-affirming care, so long as such separate coverage or plan is not paid for with any employer contribution eligible for the credit allowed under this section and such coverage or plan does not cover any practice that would be subject to penalty under section 2260B of title 18, United States Code. . (b) Application to multi-State plans Section 1334(a) of Public Law 111–148 ( 42 U.S.C. 18054(a) ) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (8) Coverage consistent with Federal policy regarding gender-affirming care In entering into contracts under this subsection, the Director shall ensure that no multi-State qualified health plan offered in an Exchange provides health benefits coverage for which the expenditure of Federal funds is prohibited under chapter 4 of title 1, United States Code. . (c) Effective date The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years ending after the date that is one year after the date of enactment of this Act, but only with respect to plan years beginning after such date, and the amendment made by subsection (b) shall apply to plan years beginning after such date. IV Additional Provisions 401. Prohibition on institutions of higher education and accrediting agencies or associations (a) Prohibition on institutions of higher education Section 487(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1094(a) ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (30) The institution will not offer instruction in gender-affirming care (as defined in section 2260B(d) of title 18, United States Code). . (b) Prohibition on accrediting agencies or associations Section 496(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1099b(a) ) is amended— (1) by striking and at the end of paragraph (7); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (8) and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (9) such agency or association does not accredit any institution that offers instruction in gender-affirming care (as defined in section 2260B(d) of title 18, United States Code). . 402. Immigration consequences with respect to providing gender-affirming care (a) Definitions Section 101(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101(a) ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (53) The term gender-affirming care shall have the meaning given such term in section 2260B(d) of title 18, United States Code. . (b) Classes of Aliens Ineligible for Visas or Admission Section 212(a)(1)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(1)(A) ) is amended— (1) in clause (iii)(II), strike or at the end; (2) in clause (iv), strike the comma at the end and insert , or ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (v) who is determined to have performed gender-affirming care on a child that has not attained the age of 18 years old, . (c) Classes of Deportable Aliens Section 237(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1227(a) ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (8) Gender-affirming care Any alien who has performed gender-affirming care on a child that has not attained the age of 18 years old is deportable. .

118 HR 1490 IH: Preventing Violence Against Female Inmates Act of 2023 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-03-09 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 1490 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 9, 2023 Mr. Crawford (for himself, Mr. Donalds , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Bacon , Mr. Bucshon , and Mr. LaMalfa ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To secure the dignity and safety of incarcerated women. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Preventing Violence Against Female Inmates Act of 2023 . 2. Housing prisoners based on sex (a) Federal prisons (1) In general Chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 4052. Bar on housing together prisoners of different sexes (a) Definition In this section, the term biological sex means the biological classification of male and female in the context of reproductive potential or capacity, as indicated by sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and nonambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth. (b) Bar The Bureau of Prisons— (1) shall use the biological sex of persons charged with or convicted of offenses against the United States in making determinations regarding housing such persons; and (2) shall not co-locate in detention facilities persons charged with or convicted of offenses against the United States if those persons are not of the same biological sex, except that persons charged with or convicted of offenses against the United States who are not of the same biological sex may be co-located on a temporary basis, not including overnight housing. . (2) Technical and conforming amendment The table of sections for chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 4052. Bar on housing together prisoners of different sexes. . (b) State prisons Section 501 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( 34 U.S.C. 10152 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (i) Bar on housing together prisoners of different sexes (1) Definitions In this subsection, the term biological sex has the meanings given such terms in section 4051 of title 18, United States Code. (2) Limitation on eligibility for funds Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, a State may not receive funds under this subpart for a fiscal year if the State does not submit to the Attorney General a certification that the State— (A) prohibits co-locating in detention facilities persons charged with or convicted of offenses under the law of the State if those persons are not of the same biological sex, except that persons charged with or convicted of offenses against the United States who are not of the same biological sex may be co-located on a temporary basis, not including overnight housing; and (B) requires the use of the biological sex of persons charged with or convicted of offenses under the law of the State in making determinations regarding housing such persons. .

118 HR 1585 IH: Prohibiting Parental Secrecy Policies In Schools Act of 2023 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-03-14 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 1585 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 14, 2023 Mr. LaMalfa introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce A BILL To require a State receiving funds pursuant to title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to implement a State policy to prohibit a school employee from conducting certain social gender transition interventions. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Prohibiting Parental Secrecy Policies In Schools Act of 2023 . 2. Findings Congress finds the following: (1) Parents are in the best position to know their own child’s needs and circumstances, and therefore they should maintain authority over all decisions that could impact the health and well-being of their children. (2) The fundamental rights of parents over the upbringing, education, and care of their children has been unequivocally established in the United States. (3) The fundamental right of parents to direct the education of their children, including the right to play a central role in what their children are learning shall be upheld. (4) Academic success begins by embracing these fundamental parental rights in our educational institutions. (5) It is essential that parents’ voices are respected and incorporated into the development of academic curricula to ensure that their children are receiving an appropriate education. (6) Education must focus on academic subjects, and, without exception, should not include personal bias, personal political opinion, or indoctrination. (7) A parent should have the right to opt-in review and evaluate all survey, data collection, and psychological profiling before it is administered to their students and parents should have the right to opt-out of all such testing, survey participation, or data collection. (8) The traditional partnership between school employees, students, and parents by involving parents in the education of their children shall be upheld. 3. State policy prohibiting certain social gender transition interventions (a) Social gender transition intervention with respect to a minor Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the this Act, to be eligible to receive funding pursuant to title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq. ) a State shall have in effect a State policy prohibiting a school employee from— (1) using pronouns for a minor that are inconsistent with the minor’s biological sex for the purpose of recognizing or promoting a self-professed identity that is incongruent with their biological sex, without the consent of a custodial parent or legal guardian; (2) providing, promoting, referring to, or otherwise assisting in the use of devices, medical and otherwise, such as binders, packers, or padding, that promote changes to the minor’s physical appearance so that it aligns with the opposite biological sex for the purpose of recognizing or promoting a self-professed identity that is incongruent with their biological sex, without the consent of a custodial parent or legal guardian; and (3) carrying out any other action designed to assist a minor in the promotion or adoption of their self-professed gender identity and denial of their biological sex, without the consent of a custodial parent or legal guardian. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) Biological sex The term biological sex means the biological indicators of male or female in the context of reproductive potential or capacity, such as sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and non-ambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth, without regard to an individual’s psychological, chosen, or subjective experience of gender. (2) Gender The term gender means the psychological, behavioral, social, and cultural aspects of being male or female. (3) School employee The term school employee includes— (A) a teacher, substitute teacher, school administrator, school superintendent, guidance counselor, psychologist, social worker, nurse, physician, school paraprofessional or coach employed by a public elementary or secondary school or local educational agency in a State; (B) an individual associated with the administration or financing of an extracurricular activity hosted by or at a public elementary or secondary school; or (C) any other individual who, in the performance of his or her duties, has regular contact with students under the age of 18 years old and who provides services to or on behalf of such students enrolled in a public elementary or secondary school, pursuant to a contract with the public elementary or secondary school, State educational agency, or local educational agency. (4) State The term State means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, and any commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States.

118 HR 216 IH: My Child, My Choice Act of 2023 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-01-09 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 216 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES January 9, 2023 Mr. Van Drew introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce A BILL To prohibit Federal education funds from being provided to elementary schools that do not require teachers to obtain written parental consent prior to teaching lessons specifically related to gender identity, sexual orientation, or transgender studies, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the My Child, My Choice Act of 2023 . 2. Written parental consent required for teaching of information related to gender identity, sexual orientation, or transgender studies (a) In general No funds under an applicable program may be provided to an elementary school determined by the Secretary of Education under subsection (c) to not be in compliance with subsection (b). (b) Written parental consent (1) Consent required A teacher employed by an elementary school shall, prior to teaching a lesson specifically related to gender identity, sexual orientation, or transgender studies, request written consent from the parent of each student enrolled in the class in which the teacher plans to teach such lesson. (2) Timing (A) In general A teacher shall request the written consent required under paragraph (1) not later than 30 days prior to the date on which the teacher plans to teach such lesson. (B) Duration of consent A teacher shall request such written consent each such time the teacher plans to teach such lesson. (3) Submission A parent providing written consent shall submit such written consent to the principal of the school not later than the date described in paragraph (2)(A). (4) Consent not obtained (A) In general In the case of a student whose parent does not submit written consent under paragraph (3), the school shall provide such student with an alternative period of learning or study hall. (B) 50 percent required If the principal does not receive written consent from the parents of at least 50 percent of the students enrolled in the class in which the teacher plans to teach such lesson, the teacher may not teach such lesson. (c) Ensuring compliance (1) In general Students enrolled in an elementary school, parents of such students, and teachers employed by an elementary school may submit, to the Secretary, a report that such school was not in compliance with subsection (b). (2) Review The Secretary shall review each such report and make a determination with respect to whether the elementary school identified in such report is in compliance with subsection (b). (3) Determination of compliance If the Secretary makes a determination that the school is not in compliance with subsection (b), the Secretary shall— (A) notify the school of such determination; (B) provide a period of 15 days after such notification for the school to— (i) comply with subsection (b); and (ii) submit to the Secretary a written confirmation of compliance with subsection (b), which shall include— (I) an identification of each requirement of subsection (b) with which the school was not in compliance; and (II) the plans and actions the school is taking to ensure that the school continues to be in such compliance; and (C) evaluate the written confirmation submitted under subparagraph (B)(ii) and make a final determination with respect to whether the school is in compliance with subsection (b). (d) Federal funds If the Secretary makes a final determination under subsection (c)(3)(C) that an elementary school is not in compliance with subsection (b), no funds under an applicable program may be provided to such school for the school year immediately following the school year in which such school is determined to be out of compliance. (e) Definitions In this section: (1) Applicable program The term applicable program has the meaning given the term in section 400(c) of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1221(c) ). (2) Biological sex The term biological sex means the biological indication of male or female in the context of reproductive potential or capacity, including sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and nonambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth. (3) ESEA terms The terms elementary school and parent have the meanings given such terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7801 ). (4) Gender identity The term gender identity means an individual’s perception of their own gender or claimed gender, regardless of the biological sex of the individual. (5) Lesson The term lesson means a planned and structured period of learning. (6) Secretary The term Secretary means the Secretary of Education. (7) Sexual orientation The term sexual orientation means an individual’s actual or perceived romantic, physical or sexual attraction to other individuals, or lack thereof, on the basis of gender. (8) Transgender individual The term transgender individual means an individual whose gender identity or behavior does not conform to that typically associated with the biological sex of the individual. (9) Transgender studies The term transgender studies means the study of transgender individuals.

118 HR 3101 IH: Traditional Passport Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-05-05 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3101 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 5, 2023 Mrs. Lesko (for herself, Mr. Duncan , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , and Mr. Biggs ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs A BILL To prohibit the issuance of a passport with any gender designation other than male or female , and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Traditional Passport Act or the TPA Act . 2. Prohibition (a) In general The Secretary of State may not issue any passport that contains a gender designation other than male or female , and may permit applicants for passports to select, between such designations, only the designation that matches the biological gender of the applicant. (b) Definition of biological gender For purposes of the prohibition in this section, the biological gender of an individual means the biological classification of the individual as of the male or female sex in the context of reproductive potential or capacity, as indicated by sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and nonambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth.

118 HR 3102 IH: Traditional Screening Application Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-05-05 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3102 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 5, 2023 Mrs. Lesko (for herself, Mr. Duncan , Mr. Good of Virginia , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Norman , and Mr. Biggs ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Homeland Security A BILL To prohibit the Transportation Security Administration from using the X gender designation in the TSA PreCheck advanced security program, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Traditional Screening Application Act or the TSA Act . 2. Prohibition (a) In general The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration may not use the X gender designation in the TSA PreCheck advanced security program. The Administrator may permit applicants to and participants in such program to select from only Male or Female . (b) Definition The terms male and female mean the biological classification of male and female sex in the context of reproductive potential or capacity, as indicated by sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and nonambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth.

118 HR 3328 IH: Protecting Children From Experimentation Act of 2023 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-05-15 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3328 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 15, 2023 Mr. LaMalfa (for himself, Mrs. Boebert , Mr. Lamborn , Mr. Gosar , Mr. Banks , Mr. Duncan , Mr. Babin , Mr. Rouzer , Mr. Rosendale , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Brecheen , Mr. Norman , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Grothman , Mr. Wilson of South Carolina , Mr. Mills , Mr. Burlison , Mr. Smith of New Jersey , Mr. Aderholt , Mrs. McClain , Mrs. Lesko , Mrs. Harshbarger , Mr. Nehls , Mr. Kelly of Mississippi , Mr. Fallon , Mr. LaTurner , Mr. Self , Mr. Ogles , Mr. Gaetz , Ms. Tenney , Mr. Allen , and Mr. Mooney ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To amend chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, to prohibit gender transition procedures on minors, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protecting Children From Experimentation Act of 2023 . 2. Gender transition procedures on minors prohibited Chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following: 2260B. Gender transition procedures on minors (a) In general Any physical or mental healthcare professional who knowingly performs or provides a referral for any gender transition procedure on a minor shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. (b) Prohibition on prosecution of person on whom procedures are performed No person on whom the gender transition procedure under subsection (a) is performed may be arrested or prosecuted for an offense under this section. (c) Civil action A person on whom a gender transition procedure is performed under this section may bring a civil action for appropriate relief against each person who performed the gender transition procedure. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) Biological sex The term biological sex means the biological indication of male and female in the context of reproductive potential or capacity, such as sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and nonambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth, without regard to the psychological, chosen, or subjective experience of the gender of an individual. (2) Cross-sex hormones The term cross-sex hormones means— (A) testosterone or other androgens given to biological females at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological females; and (B) estrogen given to biological males at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological males. (3) Gender The term gender means the psychological, behavioral, social, and cultural aspects of being male or female. (4) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process in which an individual goes from identifying with and living as a gender that corresponds to his or her biological sex to identifying with and living as a gender different from his or her biological sex, and may involve social, legal, or physical changes. (5) Gender transition procedure (A) In general The term gender transition procedure means any medical or surgical service that seeks— (i) to alter or remove physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for the individual’s biological sex; or (ii) to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the individual’s birth sex. (B) Inclusions For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term medical or surgical service includes— (i) physician's services; (ii) inpatient and outpatient hospital services; (iii) prescribed drugs relating to gender transition; (iv) a medical service that provides— (I) puberty-blocking drugs; (II) cross-sex hormones; or (III) other mechanisms to promote the development of feminizing or masculinizing features (in the opposite sex); and (v) gender transition surgery. (C) Exclusions The term gender transition procedure does not include— (i) services to individuals born with a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including an individual with external biological sex characteristics that are irresolvably ambiguous, such as an individual born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, an individual born with 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or an individual born having both ovarian and testicular tissue; (ii) services provided when a physician has otherwise diagnosed a disorder of sexual development in which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a biological male or biological female; or (iii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of gender transition procedures, whether or not the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether or not funding for the gender transition procedure is permissible under this section. (6) Gender transition surgery (A) In general The term gender transition surgery means any medical or surgical service that seeks to surgically alter or remove healthy physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for the individual’s biological sex in order to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the individual’s birth sex. (B) Inclusions The term gender transition surgery includes genital gender transition surgery and non-genital gender transition surgery. (C) Exclusions The term gender transition surgery does not include any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless surgery is performed for the purpose of a gender transition or for the alleviation of psychological or mental distress. (7) Genital gender transition surgery The term genital gender transition surgery means a surgical procedure performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition, including— (A) for biologically male patients, a penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, and vulvoplasty; and (B) for biologically female patients, a hysterectomy/ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, and implantation of erection or testicular prostheses. (8) Minor The term minor means an individual under the age of 18. (9) Non-genital gender transition surgery The term non-genital gender transition surgery means a surgical procedure performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition, including— (A) for biologically male patients, augmentation mammoplasty, facial feminization surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, thyroid cartilage reduction, gluteal augmentation (implants/lipofilling), hair reconstruction, and various aesthetic procedures; and (B) for biologically female patients, subcutaneous mastectomy, voice surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, pectoral implants, and various aesthetic procedures. (10) Puberty-blocking drugs The term puberty-blocking drugs means— (A) Gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other synthetic drugs used in biological males to stop luteinizing hormone secretion and therefore testosterone secretion; and (B) synthetic drugs used in biological females that stop the production of estrogen and progesterone, when used to delay or suppress pubertal development in children for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. ; and (2) by amending the table of sections for such chapter by adding at the end the following: 2260B. Gender transition procedures on minors. .

118 HR 3329 IH: End Taxpayer Funding of Gender Experimentation Act of 2023 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-05-15 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3329 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 15, 2023 Mr. LaMalfa (for himself, Mrs. Boebert , Mr. Lamborn , Mr. Gosar , Mr. Banks , Mr. Duncan , Mr. Babin , Mr. Rouzer , Mr. Barr , Mr. Rosendale , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Brecheen , Mr. Norman , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Grothman , Mr. Wilson of South Carolina , Mr. Mills , Mr. Burlison , Mr. Smith of New Jersey , Mr. Aderholt , Mrs. McClain , Mrs. Lesko , Mrs. Harshbarger , Mr. Nehls , Mr. Kelly of Mississippi , Mr. Ogles , Mr. Fallon , Mr. LaTurner , Mr. Davidson , Mr. Gaetz , Ms. Tenney , Mr. Allen , Mr. Roy , and Mr. Mooney ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce , and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary , and Ways and Means , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To prohibit taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures, and for other purposes. 1. Short title; table of contents (a) Short title This Act may be cited as the End Taxpayer Funding of Gender Experimentation Act of 2023 . (b) Table of contents The table of contents of this Act are as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Title I—Prohibiting Federally Funded Gender Transition Procedures Sec. 101. Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures. Sec. 102. Amendment to table of chapters. Title II—Application Under the Affordable Care Act Sec. 201. Clarifying application of prohibition to premium credits and cost-sharing reductions under ACA. I Prohibiting Federally Funded Gender Transition Procedures 101. Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures Title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new chapter: 4 Prohibiting Taxpayer-Funded Gender Transition Procedures 301. Prohibition on funding for gender transition procedures. 302. Prohibition on funding for health benefits plans that cover gender transition procedures. 303. Limitation on Federal facilities and employees. 304. Construction relating to separate coverage. 305. Construction relating to the use of non-Federal funds for health coverage. 306. Construction relating to complications arising from gender transition procedures. 307. Definitions. 301. Prohibition on funding for gender transition procedures No funds authorized or appropriated by Federal law, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are authorized or appropriated by Federal law, shall be expended for any gender transition procedures. 302. Prohibition on funding for health benefits plans that cover gender transition procedures No funds authorized or appropriated by Federal law, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are authorized or appropriated by Federal law, shall be expended for health benefits coverage that includes coverage of gender transition procedures. 303. Limitation on Federal facilities and employees No health care service furnished— (1) by or in a health care facility owned or operated by the Federal Government; or (2) by any physician or other individual employed by the Federal Government to provide health care services within the scope of the physician’s or individual’s employment, may include gender transition procedures. 304. Construction relating to separate coverage Nothing in this chapter shall be construed as prohibiting any individual, entity, State, or locality from purchasing separate coverage for gender transition procedures or health benefits coverage that include gender transition procedures so long as such coverage is paid for entirely with funds not authorized or appropriated by Federal law, and such coverage shall not be purchased using matching funds required for a federally subsidized program, including a State or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds. 305. Construction relating to the use of non-Federal funds for health coverage Nothing in this chapter shall be construed as restricting the ability of any non-Federal health benefits coverage provider from offering coverage for gender transition procedures, or the ability of a State or locality to contract separately with such a provider for such coverage, so long as only funds not authorized or appropriated by Federal law are used, and such coverage shall not be purchased using matching funds required for a federally subsidized program, including a State or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds. 306. Construction relating to complications arising from gender transition procedures Nothing in this chapter shall be construed to apply to the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of a gender transition procedure. 307. Definitions For purposes of this chapter: (1) Biological sex The term biological sex means the biological indication of male or female in the context of reproductive potential or capacity, such as sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and non-ambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth, without regard to an individual’s psychological, chosen, or subjective experience of gender. (2) Cross-sex hormones The term cross-sex hormones means— (A) testosterone or other androgens given to biological females at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would naturally occur in healthy biological females; or (B) estrogen given to biological males at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would naturally occur in healthy biological males. (3) Gender The term gender means the psychological, behavioral, social, and cultural aspects of being male or female. (4) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process in which a person goes from identifying with and living as a gender that corresponds to his or her biological sex to identifying with and living as a gender different from his or her biological sex, and may involve social, legal, or physical changes. (5) Gender transition procedure (A) In general The term gender transition procedure means any medical or surgical service, including physician’s services, inpatient and outpatient hospital services, or prescribed drugs related to gender transition, that seek to alter or remove physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for an individual’s biological sex, or to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from an individual’s birth sex, including, without limitation, medical services that provide puberty-blocking drugs, cross-sex hormones, or other mechanisms to promote the development of feminizing or masculinizing features (in the opposite sex), or genital gender transition surgery or nongenital gender transition surgery performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (B) Exceptions The term gender transition procedure does not include— (i) services to those born with a medically-verifiable disorder of sex development, including a person with external biological sex characteristics that are irresolvably ambiguous, such as those born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or having both ovarian and testicular tissue; or services provided when a physician has otherwise diagnosed a disorder of sexual development, in which such physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the person does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a biological male or biological female; or (ii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of a gender transition procedure, whether or not such procedure was performed in accordance with State or Federal law, or whether funding for such procedure was permissible under this chapter. (6) Gender transition surgery (A) In general The term gender transition surgery means any medical or surgical service that seeks to surgically alter or remove healthy physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for an individual’s biological sex in order to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from an individual’s birth sex, including, without limitation, genital gender reassignment surgery or non-genital gender reassignment surgery performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (B) Exception Gender transition surgery does not include any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless surgery is performed. (7) Genital gender transition surgery The term genital gender transition surgery includes surgical procedures such as penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, or vulvoplasty for biologically male patients, or hysterectomy/ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, or implantation of erection or testicular prostheses for biologically female patients when performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (8) Non-genital gender transition surgery The term non-genital gender transition surgery means surgical procedures including augmentation mammoplasty, facial feminization surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, thyroid cartilage reduction, gluteal augmentation (implants or lipofilling), hair reconstruction, or other aesthetic procedures for biologically male patients or subcutaneous mastectomy, voice surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, pectoral implants, or other aesthetic procedures for biologically female patients, when performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (9) Puberty-blocking drugs The term puberty-blocking drugs means— (A) Gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other synthetic drugs used in biological males to stop luteinizing hormone secretion and therefore testosterone secretion; (B) synthetic drugs used in biological females that stop the production of estrogen; and (C) progesterone when used to delay or suppress pubertal development in children for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. . 102. Amendment to table of chapters The table of chapters for title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 4. Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures 301 . II Application Under the Affordable Care Act 201. Clarifying application of prohibition to premium credits and cost-sharing reductions under ACA (a) In general (1) Disallowance of refundable credit and cost-sharing reductions for coverage under qualified health plan which provides coverage for gender transition procedures (A) In general Section 36B(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: or any health plan that includes coverage for gender transition procedures (other than any procedure described in section 306 or 307 of title 1, United States Code) . (B) Option to purchase or offer separate coverage or plan Section 36B(c)(3) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (C) Separate coverage or plan for gender transition procedures allowed (i) Option to purchase separate coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed as prohibiting any individual from purchasing separate coverage for gender transition procedures described in such subparagraph, or a health plan that includes such gender transition procedures, so long as no credit is allowed under this section with respect to the premiums for such coverage or plan. (ii) Option to offer coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall restrict any non-Federal health insurance issuer offering a health plan from offering separate coverage for gender transition procedures described in such subparagraph, or a plan that includes such gender transition procedures, so long as premiums for such separate coverage or plan are not paid for with any amount attributable to the credit allowed under this section (or the amount of any advance payment of the credit under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act). . (2) Disallowance of small employer health insurance expense credit for plan which includes coverage for gender transition procedures Subsection (h) of section 45R of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (A) by striking Any term and inserting the following: (1) In general Any term ; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) Exclusion of health plans including coverage for gender transition procedures (A) In general The term qualified health plan does not include any health plan that includes coverage for gender transition procedures (other than a procedure described in section 306 or 307 of title 1, United States Code). (B) Separate coverage or plan for gender transition procedures allowed (i) Option to purchase separate coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed as prohibiting any employer from purchasing for its employees separate coverage for gender transition procedures described in such subparagraph, or a health plan that includes such gender transition procedures, so long as no credit is allowed under this section with respect to the employer contributions for such coverage or plan. (ii) Option to offer coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall restrict any non-Federal health insurance issuer offering a health plan from offering separate coverage for gender transition procedures described in such subparagraph, or a plan that includes such gender transition procedures, so long as such separate coverage or plan is not paid for with any employer contribution eligible for the credit allowed under this section. . (b) Application to multi-State plans Section 1334(a) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( 42 U.S.C. 18054(a) ) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (8) Coverage consistent with federal policy regarding gender transition procedures In entering into contracts under this subsection, the Director shall ensure that no multi-State qualified health plan offered in an Exchange provides health benefits coverage for which the expenditure of Federal funds is prohibited under chapter 4 of title 1, United States Code. . (c) Effective date (1) Effective date with respect to premium credits and cost sharing reductions The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years after the date that is one year after the date of enactment of this Act, but only with respect to plan years beginning after such date. (2) Effective date for application to multi-State plans The amendment made by subsection (b) shall apply to plan years beginning on the date that is one year after the date of enactment of this Act.

118 HR 3462 IH: Empower Parents to Protect Their Kids Act of 2023 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-05-18 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3462 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 18, 2023 Mr. Banks (for himself, Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Gosar , Mr. Grothman , Mr. Babin , Mr. Duncan , and Mr. LaMalfa ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce A BILL To require elementary schools and secondary schools that receive Federal funds to obtain parental consent before facilitating a child’s gender transition in any form, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Empower Parents to Protect Their Kids Act of 2023 . 2. Findings Congress finds the following: (1) School districts across the country are violating parental and familial rights by encouraging or instructing staff to deceive or withhold information from parents if their child expresses confusion about their gender and is seeking to transition . Without parental knowledge or consent, schools are facilitating social gender transitions by changing the names and pronouns of children in school, or even allowing children to change which sex-segregated facilities they use, such as rest rooms, locker rooms, and dormitories or other housing for overnight field trips. (2) Powerful teachers unions and activist organizations are pressuring more schools to adopt policies to enable and encourage children, of any age, to change their gender identity at school without parental notice or consent. (3) Contrary to the unfounded assertions of activists, socially transitioning a child is not an evidence-based practice and it is not a neutral or uncontroversial decision. This practice is an experimental social and psychological intervention that has immediate effects on a child’s psychology and a high likelihood of changing the life path of a child. A social gender transition may make it more difficult for a child to reverse course later on, thereby increasing the likelihood that the child will continue on to a medical transition , resulting in life-changing, irreversible consequences. (4) Any policies that attempt to circumvent parental authority are a violation of parents’ constitutionally protected rights to direct the care, custody, and upbringing of their children as recognized by the Supreme Court. Further, policies that withhold information from parents or ask children about intimate details of their family life violate Federal statutes designed to uphold a parent’s rights and duties in education. School districts implementing such policies are misrepresenting or entirely ignoring these statutes and constitutional protections. (5) Schools should never be allowed to intrude on family life by misleading or excluding parents and confusing children. 3. Requirement of parental consent (a) In general No Federal funds shall be made available to any elementary school or secondary school unless the elementary school or secondary school, with respect to students enrolled at the school who have not yet reached 18 years of age, complies with each of the following requirements: (1) School employees do not proceed with any accommodation intended to affirm a student’s purported gender identity , where the student’s purported gender identity is incongruous with the student’s biological sex, or any action to facilitate a gender transition , including referral or recommendation to any third-party medical provider, unless the employees have received express parental consent to do so. (2) School employees do not facilitate, encourage, or coerce students to withhold information from their parents regarding the student’s gender transition or the student’s purported gender identity , where the student’s purported gender identity is incongruous with the student’s biological sex. (3) School employees do not withhold or hide information from parents about a student’s desired gender transition or a student’s purported gender identity , where the student’s purported gender identity is incongruous with the student’s biological sex. (4) School employees do not encourage, pressure, or coerce the parents of students, or students themselves, to proceed with any treatment or intervention to affirm the student’s purported gender identity , where that gender identity is incongruous with the student’s biological sex. (b) Rules of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed— (1) to prevent a school employee from contacting appropriate legal authorities about an imminent threat to a student’s physical safety in the event that the school employee knows or has a reasonable suspicion that the student is at risk of physical abuse, as defined in section 1169 of title 18, United States Code; or (2) to deprive any parent of the right to be involved in a child’s actions or discussions about gender transition, without the due process of law. (c) Ensuring compliance The head of each Federal agency shall require each application for Federal assistance submitted by a State educational agency or local educational agency to the head of such Federal agency— (1) to describe the steps that each elementary school and secondary school served by the State educational agency or local educational agency proposes to take to ensure compliance with the requirements under this section and how these steps preserve and protect the authority of the family; and (2) to ensure that— (A) a copy of the written policy that each elementary school and secondary school served by the State educational agency or local educational agency has to ensure compliance with the requirements under this section is provided to the head of such Federal agency and to the families of enrolled students; and (B) each such policy is clearly and publicly posted on the website of the school. (d) Civil action for certain violations (1) In general A qualified party may, in a civil action, obtain appropriate relief with regard to a designated violation. (2) Administrative remedies not required An action under this section may be commenced, and relief may be granted, without regard to whether the party commencing the action has sought or exhausted any available administrative remedy. (3) Defendants in actions under this section may include governmental entities as well as others An action under this section may be brought against any elementary school or secondary school receiving Federal financial assistance or any governmental entity assisting an elementary school or secondary school. (4) Nature of relief In an action under this section, the court shall grant— (A) all appropriate relief, including injunctive relief and declaratory relief; (B) to a prevailing plaintiff, reasonable attorneys’ fees and litigation costs; and (C) payment for treatments or therapy needed to repair harm to the child perpetuated by pursuit of gender transition determined necessary by the parent and the child’s medical providers. (5) Attorneys fees for defendant If a defendant in a civil action under this subsection prevails and the court finds that the plaintiff’s suit was frivolous, the court shall award a reasonable attorney’s fee in favor of the defendant against the plaintiff. (e) Definitions In this section: (1) Biological sex The term biological sex means the biological indication of male and female as determined by reproductive potential or capacity, such as sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and nonambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth, without regard to a person's psychological, chosen, or subjective experience of gender. (2) Designated violation The term designated violation means an actual or threatened violation of this section. (3) ESEA The terms elementary school and secondary school have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7801 ). (4) Gender identity The term gender identity means a person’s self-perception of their gender or claimed gender, regardless of the person’s biological sex. (5) Gender transition (A) In general The term gender transition includes both medical transition and social transition. (B) Medical transition The term medical transition means any medical, hormonal, or surgical intervention undertaken to alter the body of a person in order to assert an identity incongruent with biological sex or undertaken to create or facilitate the development of physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the person's biological sex. (C) Social transition The term social transition means any action taken to affirm a person's asserted gender identity that is in contradiction to the person's biological sex, including but not limited to decisions pertaining to the use of sex-specific facilities and accommodations, participation in sex-segregated sports or activities, pronoun and name usage, boarding, sleeping and travel arrangements for field trips (including overnight trips), and dress code guidelines. (6) Governmental entity The term governmental entity means a school district, a local educational agency, a school board, or any agency or other governmental unit or subdivision of a State responsible for education, or of such a local government. (7) Qualified party The term qualified party means— (A) the Attorney General of the United States; or (B) any parent or legal guardian adversely affected by the designated violation.

118 HR 3887 IH: Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2023 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-06-07 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3887 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 7, 2023 Mr. Crenshaw introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce A BILL To amend title III of the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2023 . 2. Program of payments to children's hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs Section 340E of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 256e ) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking 2023 and inserting 2028 ; (2) in subsection (b)(3)(D), by inserting and the end of fiscal year 2028, after fiscal year 2022, ; (3) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) Prohibition on payments to hospitals furnishing gender-affirming care to minors (A) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, no payment may be made under this section to a children’s hospital for a fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 2024) if, at any point during the preceding fiscal year, such hospital furnished gender-affirming care (as defined in subsection (g)) to an individual under 18 years of age. (B) Special rule for fiscal year 2024 In applying subparagraph (A) with respect to payments described in such subparagraph for fiscal year 2024, the reference to the preceding fiscal year shall be treated as a reference to the period beginning on July 1, 2023, and ending on September 30, 2023 . (C) Rule of construction Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as prohibiting payments for a fiscal year to a hospital that, during the preceding fiscal year (or, in the case of payments for fiscal year 2024, during the period described in subparagraph (B)), furnished mental or behavioral health services to individuals under 18 years of age for the treatment of gender dysphoria not consisting of gender-affirming care. ; (4) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)(vi), by striking 2023 and inserting 2028 ; and (B) in paragraph (2)(F), by striking 2023 and inserting 2028 ; and (5) in subsection (g), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) Gender-affirming care (A) In general Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term gender-affirming care means, with respect to an individual, any of the following: (i) Performing any surgery for the purpose of changing the body of such individual to correspond to a sex that differs from their biological sex, including— (I) castration; (II) orchiectomy; (III) scrotoplasty; (IV) vasectomy; (V) hysterectomy; (VI) oophorectomy; (VII) ovariectomy; (VIII) metoidioplasty; (IX) penectomy; (X) phalloplasty; (XI) vaginoplasty; (XII) vaginectomy; (XIII) vulvoplasty; (XIV) reduction thyrochondroplasty; (XV) chondrolaryngoplasty; and (XVI) mastectomy. (ii) Any plastic surgery that feminizes or masculinizes the facial features for the purposes described in clause (i). (iii) Any placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts for the purposes described in clause (i). (iv) Any placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region for the purposes described in clause (i). (v) Administering, supplying, prescribing, dispensing, distributing, or otherwise conveying to an individual medications for the purposes described in clause (i), including— (I) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normal puberty; (II) testosterone or other androgens to biological females at doses that are supraphysiologic to the female sex; and (III) estrogen to biological males at doses that are supraphysiologic to the male sex. (B) Exception Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the following individuals: (i) An individual with both ovarian and testicular tissue. (ii) An individual with respect to whom a physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action. (iii) An individual experiencing infection, disease, injury, or disorder caused or exacerbated by previous gender transition procedures. (iv) An individual suffering from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of a major bodily function unless the procedure is performed. (C) Biological sex For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term biological sex means the indication of male or female sex by reproductive potential or capacity, sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, or internal or external genitalia present at birth. .

118 HR 429 IH: No Tax Breaks for Radical Corporate Activism Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-01-20 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 429 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES January 20, 2023 Mr. Mast (for himself, Mr. Bishop of North Carolina , Mr. Duncan , Mr. Gosar , Mr. Gaetz , and Mr. Norman ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means A BILL To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to deny the trade or business expense deduction for the reimbursement of employee costs of child gender transition procedure or travel to obtain an abortion. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the No Tax Breaks for Radical Corporate Activism Act . 2. Denial of deduction (a) In general Section 162 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsection (s) as subsection (t), and by inserting after subsection (r) the following new subsection: (s) Disallowance of certain expenses relating to abortion or child gender transition (1) In general No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter to an employer for any amount paid or incurred to reimburse an employee for, or to otherwise pay, expenses in connection with— (A) travel for the purpose of obtaining an abortion, or (B) any gender transition procedure for a minor child of the employee. (2) Definitions For purposes of this subsection— (A) Gender transition procedure (i) In general The term gender transition procedure means any medical or surgical service which seeks to alter or remove physiological or anatomical characteristics or features which are typical for the individual's biological sex, or to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics which resemble a sex different from the individual's birth sex, for the purpose of gender transition, including— (I) physician's services and inpatient and outpatient hospital services, including gender transition surgery, and (II) prescribed drugs related to gender transition, including puberty-blocking drugs, cross-sex hormones, or other mechanisms to promote the development of feminizing or masculinizing features (in the opposite sex). (ii) Exceptions Such term does not include— (I) services for treatment of a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including— (aa) external biological sex characteristics which are irresolvably ambiguous, such as the presence of 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or both ovarian and testicular tissue, or (bb) other physician-diagnosed disorder of sexual development, with respect to which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a biological male or biological female, or (II) treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder caused or exacerbated by the performance of any gender transition procedure, whether or not the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether not a deduction for expenses in connection with the gender transition procedure is allowable under this chapter. (iii) Gender The term gender means the psychological, behavioral, social, and cultural aspects of being male or female. (iv) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process in which an individual goes from identifying with and living as a gender that corresponds to his or her biological sex to identifying with and living as a gender different from his or her biological sex, and may involve social, legal, or physical changes. (v) Gender transition surgery (I) In general The term gender transition surgery means any surgical service, including genital or non-genital surgery, performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (II) Exception Such term does not include any service performed because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness which would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless surgery is performed. (vi) Genital surgery The term genital surgery includes surgical procedures such as— (I) penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, or vulvoplasty for biologically male patients, and (II) hysterectomy, ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, or implantation of erection or testicular prostheses for biologically female patients. (vii) Non-genital surgery The term non-genital surgery includes surgical procedures such as liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, and— (I) augmentation mammoplasty, facial feminization surgery, thyroid cartilage reduction, gluteal augmentation (whether implants or lipofilling), hair reconstruction, or various aesthetic procedures for biologically male patients, and (II) subcutaneous mastectomy, pectoral implants, or various aesthetic procedures for biologically female patients. (viii) Puberty-blocking drugs The term puberty-blocking drugs means gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other synthetic drugs used in biological males to stop luteinizing hormone secretion and therefore testosterone secretion, and synthetic drugs used in biological females to stop the production of estrogen and progesterone, when used to delay or suppress pubertal development in children for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (ix) Cross-sex hormones The term cross-sex hormones means testosterone or other androgens given to biological females at doses which are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological females, and estrogen given to biological males at doses which are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological males. (B) Minor child The term minor child means an individual who has not attained age 18. . (b) Effective date The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act.

118 HR 4365 PCS: Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2024 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-10-16 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II Calendar No. 226 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 4365 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES October 16, 2023 Received; read twice and placed on the calendar AN ACT Making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, for military functions administered by the Department of Defense and for other purposes, namely: I MILITARY PERSONNEL Military Personnel, Army For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 , as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $50,230,906,000. Military personnel, navy For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 , as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $37,615,388,000. Military personnel, marine corps For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 , as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $15,556,629,000. Military personnel, air force For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 , as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $36,512,530,000. Military personnel, space force For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Space Force on active duty and cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 , as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,239,573,000. Reserve personnel, army For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 7038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $5,367,436,000. Reserve personnel, navy For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $2,486,718,000. Reserve personnel, marine corps For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $898,928,000. Reserve personnel, air force For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 9038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $2,459,466,000. National guard personnel, army For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $9,766,369,000. National guard personnel, air force For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $5,234,625,000. II OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Operation and maintenance, army For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $60,525,399,000 (reduced by $15,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $7,750,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000): Provided, That not to exceed $12,478,000 may be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended upon the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made upon the Secretary’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. Operation and maintenance, navy For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $73,547,305,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $8,606,779) (reduced by $55,000,000): Provided, That not to exceed $15,055,000 may be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended upon the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made upon the Secretary’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. Operation and maintenance, marine corps For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $10,909,609,000 (increased by $1,000,000). Operation and maintenance, air force For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $63,460,822,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $7,200,000) (increased by $7,200,000): Provided, That not to exceed $7,699,000 may be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended upon the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made upon the Secretary’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. Operation and maintenance, space force For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Space Force, as authorized by law, $4,890,886,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $2,500,000). Operation and maintenance, defense-Wide (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as authorized by law, $52,453,715,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $8,606,779) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $122,600,000) (reduced by $15,000,000) (reduced by $7,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $15,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $7,500,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $12,000,000) (reduced by $7,500,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $15,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $6,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $16,500,000) (reduced by $6,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $7,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $50,000,000) (reduced by $300,000,000): Provided, That not more than $2,981,000 may be used for the Combatant Commander Initiative Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That not to exceed $36,000,000 may be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended upon the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made upon the Secretary’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $55,000,000 shall be made available for the Procurement Technical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, of which not less than $5,000,000 shall be available for centers defined in 10 U.S.C. 2411(1)(D) : Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further, That $25,968,000 to remain available until expended, is available only for expenses relating to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance appropriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That any ceiling on the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and maintenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $2,304,649,000, of which $1,343,580,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the use and status of funds made available in this paragraph: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. Counter-ISIS train and equip fund For the Counter-Islamic State of Iraq and Syria Train and Equip Fund , $397,950,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training; equipment; logistics support, supplies, and services; stipends; infrastructure repair and renovation; construction for facility fortification and humane treatment; and sustainment, to foreign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and their affiliated or associated groups: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available to provide assistance only for activities in a country designated by the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, as having a security mission to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and following written notification to the congressional defense committees of such designation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to elements of any forces or individuals, such elements or individuals are appropriately vetted, including at a minimum, assessing such elements for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contributions, including assistance in-kind, from foreign governments, including the Government of Iraq and other entities, to carry out assistance authorized under this heading: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any foreign government or other entity may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall prioritize such contributions when providing any assistance for construction for facility fortification: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive a provision of law relating to the acquisition of items and support services or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Secretary determines that such provision of law would prohibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justification for such waiver is submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading that was transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and returned by such forces or groups to the United States, and such equipment may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading and not yet transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense when determined by the Secretary to no longer be required for transfer to such forces or groups and upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided under this heading, including, but not limited to, the number of individuals trained, the nature and scope of support and sustainment provided to each group or individual, the area of operations for each group, and the contributions of other countries, groups, or individuals: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading for stipends for foreign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter ISIS in Syria, fifty percent shall not be available for obligation or expenditure until the Secretary of Defense reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that measures are in place to ensure accountability of such funds. Operation and maintenance, army reserve For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $3,559,248,000. Operation and maintenance, navy reserve For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $1,366,710,000. Operation and maintenance, marine corps reserve For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $323,395,000. Operation and maintenance, air force reserve For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $4,056,196,000. Operation and maintenance, army national guard For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Army National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the National Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment (including aircraft), $8,612,404,000. Operation and maintenance, air national guard For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Air National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; supplying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those furnished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; travel expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau, $7,250,745,000. United states court of appeals for the armed forces For salaries and expenses necessary for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $16,620,000, of which not to exceed $10,000 may be used for official representation purposes. Environmental restoration, army (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the Department of the Army, $198,760,000 (reduced by $2,500,000), to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. Environmental restoration, navy (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the Department of the Navy, $345,240,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. Environmental restoration, air force (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the Department of the Air Force, $359,744,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. Environmental restoration, defense-Wide (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the Department of Defense, $8,965,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000), to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of Defense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. Environmental restoration, formerly used defense sites (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the Department of the Army, $232,806,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the Department of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. Overseas humanitarian, disaster, and civic aid For expenses relating to the Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid programs of the Department of Defense (consisting of the programs provided under sections 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $142,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. Cooperative threat reduction account For assistance, including assistance provided by contract or by grants, under programs and activities of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program authorized under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act, $350,999,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. Department of defense acquisition workforce development account For the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Account, $54,977,000: Provided, That no other amounts may be otherwise credited or transferred to the Account, or deposited into the Account, in fiscal year 2024 pursuant to section 1705(d) of title 10, United States Code. III PROCUREMENT Aircraft procurement, army For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $3,030,767,000 (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Missile procurement, army For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $4,483,806,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Procurement of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, army For construction, procurement, production, and modification of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $3,943,584,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Procurement of ammunition, army For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $2,971,928,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Other procurement, army For construction, procurement, production, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and non-tracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $8,679,516,000 (increased by $55,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000) (reduced by $750,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Aircraft procurement, navy For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $17,450,040,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Weapons procurement, navy For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and related support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $5,826,997,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Procurement of ammunition, navy and marine corps For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,238,558,000 (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Shipbuilding and conversion, navy For expenses necessary for the construction, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and armament thereof, plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, as follows: Columbia Class Submarine, $2,443,598,000; Columbia Class Submarine (AP), $3,390,734,000; Carrier Replacement Program (CVN–80), $1,104,421,000; Carrier Replacement Program (CVN–81), $800,492,000; Virginia Class Submarine, $7,129,965,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), $3,215,539,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls (AP), $802,988,000; DDG–1000 Program, $318,655,000; DDG–51 Destroyer, $4,199,179,000; DDG–51 Destroyer (AP), $284,035,000; FFG–Frigate, $2,133,861,000; LHA Replacement, $1,830,149,000; AS Submarine Tender, $1,544,595,000; TAO Fleet Oiler, $815,420,000; LCU 1700, $62,532,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $400,000,000; Service Craft, $85,115,000; LCAC SLEP, $15,286,000; Auxiliary Vessels, $142,008,000; For outfitting, post delivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $539,681,000; and Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding Programs, $1,648,559,000. In all: $32,906,812,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2028: Provided, That additional obligations may be incurred after September 30, 2028, for engineering services, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be constructed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for Columbia Class Submarine (AP) may be available for the purposes authorized by subsections (f), (g), (h) or (i) of section 2218a of title 10, United States Code, only in accordance with the provisions of the applicable subsection. Other procurement, navy For procurement, production, and modernization of support equipment and materials not otherwise provided for, Navy ordnance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $13,675,677,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026: Provided, That such funds are also available for the maintenance, repair, and modernization of ships under a pilot program established for such purposes. Procurement, marine corps For expenses necessary for the procurement, manufacture, and modification of missiles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools, and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; vehicles for the Marine Corps, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $3,775,224,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Aircraft procurement, air force For construction, procurement, and modification of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $20,196,409,000 (increased by $122,600,000) (reduced by $150,000,000) (increased by $150,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Missile procurement, air force For construction, procurement, and modification of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $4,401,753,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Procurement of ammunition, air force For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $642,448,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Other procurement, air force For procurement and modification of equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; lease of passenger motor vehicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $29,819,938,000 (reduced by $4,300,000) (increased by $4,300,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Procurement, space force For construction, procurement, and modification of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $4,109,201,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Procurement, defense-Wide For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procurement, production, and modification of equipment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $6,289,820,000 (increased by $2,500,000) (reduced by $10,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Defense production Act purchases For activities by the Department of Defense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 ( 50 U.S.C. 4518 , 4531, 4532, and 4533), $618,605,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $50,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026, which shall be obligated and expended by the Secretary of Defense as if delegated the necessary authorities conferred by the Defense Production Act of 1950. National guard and reserve equipment account For procurement of rotary-wing aircraft; combat, tactical and support vehicles; other weapons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $1,000,000,000 (increased by $750,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026: Provided, That the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional defense committees the modernization priority assessment for their respective National Guard or Reserve component: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this paragraph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, munitions, or ammunition. IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION Research, development, test and evaluation, army For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $16,758,462,000 (increased by $15,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $7,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $7,500,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $2,500,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $2,500,000) (reduced by $7,000,000) (increased by $7,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (increased by $8,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $11,000,000) (increased by $11,000,000) (reduced by $7,000,000) (increased by $7,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $8,400,000) (increased by $8,400,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $5,600,000) (increased by $5,600,000) (reduced by $15,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2025. Research, development, test and evaluation, navy For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $27,690,777,000 (increased by $8,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $6,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $6,500,000) (reduced by $7,000,000) (increased by $7,000,000) (reduced by $5,500,000) (increased by $5,500,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (increased by $8,000,000) (reduced by $8,500,000) (increased by $8,500,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2025: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph which are available for the V–22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. Research, development, test and evaluation, air force For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $46,479,858,000 (increased by $7,750,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $12,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $2,500,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $4,500,000) (increased by $4,500,000) (increased by $7,000,000) (reduced by $7,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $44,000,000) (increased by $44,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2025. Research, development, test and evaluation, space force For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $18,839,144,000 (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $2,500,000) (increased by $7,500,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2025. Research, development, test and evaluation, defense-Wide For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and determined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $36,782,566,000 (reduced by $2,500,000) (increased by $6,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $16,500,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $100,000,000) (reduced by $6,500,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (increased by $20,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (increased by $8,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $6,500,000) (increased by $6,500,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2025. Operational test and evaluation, defense For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, production decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $285,444,000 (reduced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2025. V REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS Defense working capital funds For the Defense Working Capital Funds, $1,666,779,000 (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000). National defense stockpile transaction fund For the National Defense Stockpile Transaction Fund, $7,629,000, for activities pursuant to the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act ( 50 U.S.C. 98 et seq. ). VI OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS Defense health program For expenses, not otherwise provided for, for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $39,365,472,000 (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $7,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (increased by $7,800,000) (reduced by $7,800,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $15,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000) (reduced by $200,000) (increased by $200,000); of which $36,826,743,000 (reduced by $7,800,000) (reduced by $200,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2025, and of which up to $19,762,352,000 may be available for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $381,881,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026, shall be for procurement; and of which $2,156,848,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $7,000,000) (increased by $7,800,000) (increased by $200,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $15,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2025, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for HIV prevention educational activities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assistance activities conducted primarily in African nations: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $1,154,000,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (reduced by $842,000) (increased by $842,000) (increased by $9,000,000) (reduced by $9,000,000) shall be made available to the Defense Health Agency to carry out the congressionally directed medical research programs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees quarterly reports on the current status of the electronic health record program: Provided further, That the Comptroller General of the United States shall perform quarterly performance reviews of the electronic health record program. Chemical agents and munitions destruction, defense For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provisions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 ( 50 U.S.C. 1521 ), and for the destruction of other chemical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $1,091,844,000, of which $89,284,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $57,875,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program, consisting of $23,676,000 for activities on military installations and $34,199,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, to assist State and local governments; and $1,002,560,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation, of which $1,000,467,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alternatives program. Drug interdiction and counter-Drug activities, defense (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For drug interdiction and counter-drug activities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military personnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and maintenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $1,162,161,000 (increased by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), of which $693,848,000 (increased by $3,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) shall be for counter-narcotics support; $138,313,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; $300,000,000 (increased by $3,000,000) shall be for the National Guard counter-drug program; and $30,000,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug schools program: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to support a new start program or project only after written prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. Office of the inspector general For expenses and activities of the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $506,629,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (increased by $20,000,000), of which $502,131,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended upon the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and payments may be made upon the Inspector General's certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; of which $1,098,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026, shall be for procurement; and of which $3,400,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. VII RELATED AGENCIES Central intelligence agency retirement and disability system fund For payment to the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, $514,000,000. Intelligence community management account For necessary expenses of the Intelligence Community Management Account, $608,820,000. VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS 8001. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. 8002. During the current fiscal year, provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any person not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided, That salary increases granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of Defense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase authorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is computed under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in excess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own employees, whichever is higher: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to Department of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplomatic missions whose pay is set by the Department of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further, That the limitations of this provision shall not apply to foreign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. 8003. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. 8004. No more than 20 percent of the appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided, That this section shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8005. Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $6,000,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made available in this Act to the Department of Defense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropriations or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other authority in this Act: Provided further, That no part of the funds in this Act shall be available to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for reprogramming of funds, unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2024: Provided further, That transfers among military personnel appropriations shall not be taken into account for purposes of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this section. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of specific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budget activities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the tables titled Explanation of Project Level Adjustments in the explanatory statement regarding this Act and the tables contained in the classified annex accompanying this Act, the obligation and expenditure of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those programs, projects, and activities are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such tables to the same extent as if the tables were included in the text of this Act. (b) Amounts specified in the referenced tables described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided , That section 8005 shall apply when transfers of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appropriation accounts. 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2024: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President's budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation both by budget activity and program, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement: Provided , That this subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: (1) Environmental Restoration, Army ; (2) Environmental Restoration, Navy ; (3) Environmental Restoration, Air Force ; (4) Environmental Restoration, Defense-Wide ; (5) Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites ; and (6) Drug Interdiction and Counter-drug Activities, Defense . (TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8008. During the current fiscal year, cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided, That transfers may be made between such funds: Provided further, That transfers may be made between working capital funds and the Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense appropriation and the Operation and Maintenance appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed transfer: Provided further, That except in amounts equal to the amounts appropriated to working capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war reserve material inventory, unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 calendar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. 8010. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an unfunded contingent liability in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance procurement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the congressional defense committees have been notified at least 30 days in advance of the proposed contract award: Provided, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quantity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government's liability: Provided further, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear contract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifically provided in this Act: Provided further, That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30-day prior notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— (1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procurement of aircraft, that includes, for any aircraft unit to be procured through the contract for which procurement funds are requested in that budget request for production beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; (2) cancellation provisions in the contract do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor associated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; (3) the contract provides that payments to the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and (4) the contract does not provide for a price adjustment based on a failure to award a follow-on contract. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used for multiyear procurement contracts for Naval Strike Missile, Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System, PATRIOT Advanced Capability-3 Missile Segment Enhancement, Long Range Anti-Ship Missile, Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile, and USS Virginia Class (SSN-774). 8011. Within the funds appropriated for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic assistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assistance costs incidental to authorized operations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That funds available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humanitarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239 : Provided further, That upon a determination by the Secretary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such facilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian patients from American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, and Guam. 8012. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before the Congress. 8013. None of the funds available in this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades, or maintenance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and non-deployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accordance with section 1042 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8014. (a) Funds appropriated in title III of this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot Mentor-Protégé Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a Mentor-Protégé Program developmental assistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 ( Public Law 101–510 ; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the authority of this provision or any other transfer authority contained in this Act. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall include with the budget justification documents in support of the budget for fiscal year 2025 (as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code) a description of each transfer under this section that occurred during the last fiscal year before the fiscal year in which such budget is submitted. 8015. None of the funds in this Act may be available for the purchase by the Department of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are substantially manufactured in the United States: Provided, That for the purpose of this section, the term manufactured shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further, That for the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further, That when adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the Service responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. 8016. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be used for the support of any nonappropriated funds activity of the Department of Defense that procures malt beverages and wine with nonappropriated funds for resale (including such alcoholic beverages sold by the drink) on a military installation located in the United States unless such malt beverages and wine are procured within that State, or in the case of the District of Columbia, within the District of Columbia, in which the military installation is located: Provided, That, in a case in which the military installation is located in more than one State, purchases may be made in any State in which the installation is located: Provided further, That such local procurement requirements for malt beverages and wine shall apply to all alcoholic beverages only for military installations in States which are not contiguous with another State: Provided further, That alcoholic beverages other than wine and malt beverages, in contiguous States and the District of Columbia shall be procured from the most competitive source, price and other factors considered. 8017. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to demilitarize or destroy small arms ammunition or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition components are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for further use. 8018. No more than $500,000 of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Capital Region: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. 8019. In addition to the funds provided elsewhere in this Act, $25,000,000 is appropriated only for incentive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 ( 25 U.S.C. 1544 ): Provided, That a prime contractor or a subcontractor at any tier that makes a subcontract award to any subcontractor or supplier as defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be considered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 ( 25 U.S.C. 1544 ) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and involves the expenditure of funds appropriated by an Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be applicable to any Department of Defense acquisition of supplies or services, including any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisition of commercial items produced or manufactured, in whole or in part, by any subcontractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. 8020. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall convey, at no cost to the Air Force, military housing units under subsection (a) in accordance with the request for such units that are submitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walking Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the housing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Secretary. (c) The Operation Walking Shield Program shall resolve any conflicts among requests of Indian tribes for housing units under subsection (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection (b). (d) In this section, the term Indian tribe means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Secretary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–454 ; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 5131 ). 8021. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide , not less than $20,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environmental impacts, including training and technical assistance to tribes, related administrative support, the gathering of information, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. 8022. Funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international political or psychological activities. 8023. (a) Of the funds made available in this Act, not less than $68,100,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corporation, of which— (1) $55,100,000 shall be available from Operation and Maintenance, Air Force to support Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counter-drug activities, and drug demand reduction activities involving youth programs; (2) $11,000,000 shall be available from Aircraft Procurement, Air Force ; and (3) $2,000,000 shall be available from Other Procurement, Air Force for vehicle procurement. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force should waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counter-drug activities in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. 8024. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act are available to establish a new Department of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a separate entity administrated by an organization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation consisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit entities. (b) No member of a Board of Directors, Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, except when acting in a technical advisory capacity, may be compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided , That a member of any such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the Department from any source during the current fiscal year may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings not located on a military installation, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Government grants, for absorption of contract overruns, or for certain charitable contributions, not to include employee participation in community service and/or development. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2024, not more than $2,885,000,000 may be funded for professional technical staff-related costs of the defense FFRDCs: Provided, That within such funds, not more than $456,803,000 shall be available for the defense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided further, That this subsection shall not apply to staff years funded in the National Intelligence Program and the Military Intelligence Program: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 2025 budget request, submit a report presenting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each defense FFRDC by program during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates, by appropriation account and program: Provided further, That this subsection shall not apply to appropriations for the National Intelligence Program and Military Intelligence Program. 8025. For the purposes of this Act, the term congressional defense committees means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Services Committee of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 8026. For the purposes of this Act, the term congressional intelligence committees means the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 8027. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defense-related articles, through competition between Department of Defense depot maintenance activities and private firms: Provided, That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency concerned, with power of delegation, shall certify that successful bids include comparable estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further, That Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. 8028. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the Department of Defense unless the entity, in expending the funds, complies with the Buy American Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. (b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of intentionally affixing a label bearing a Made in America inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall determine, in accordance with section 4658 of title 10, United States Code, whether the person should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. (c) In the case of any equipment or products purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of Defense, in expending the appropriation, purchase only American-made equipment and products, provided that American-made equipment and products are cost-competitive, quality competitive, and available in a timely fashion. 8029. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Government-owned facility or property under the control of the Department of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Provided, That these procurement restrictions shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of carbon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided further, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further, That these restrictions shall not apply to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 8030. (a) (1) If the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a foreign country which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall rescind the Secretary's blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memorandum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursuant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain products in that country. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report on the amount of Department of Defense purchases from foreign entities in fiscal year 2024. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreements Act of 1979 ( 19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq. ), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. (c) For purposes of this section, the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 8031. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domestic origin: Provided, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further, That this restriction shall not apply to the purchase of commercial products , as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, except that the restriction shall apply to ball or roller bearings purchased as end items. 8032. None of the funds in this Act may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. 8033. (a) The Secretary of Defense may, on a case-by-case basis, waive with respect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from foreign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limitation with respect to that country would invalidate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate reciprocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 4851 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. (b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— (1) contracts and subcontracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) options for the procurement of items that are exercised after such date under contracts that are entered into before such date if the option prices are adjusted for any reason other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). (c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limitation regarding construction of public vessels, ball and roller bearings, food, and clothing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chapters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. 8034. None of the funds made available in this Act, or any subsequent Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense, may be used for the purchase or manufacture of a flag of the United States unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 4862(b) of title 10, United States Code. 8035. During the current fiscal year, amounts contained in the Department of Defense Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery Account shall be available until expended for the payments specified by section 2687a(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code. 8036. During the current fiscal year, appropriations which are available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $350,000: Provided, That upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Commander of a Combatant Command engaged in a named contingency operation overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. 8037. Up to $11,000,000 of the funds appropriated under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Navy may be made available for the Asia Pacific Regional Initiative Program for the purpose of enabling the United States Indo-Pacific Command to execute Theater Security Cooperation activities such as humanitarian assistance, and payment of incremental and personnel costs of training and exercising with foreign security forces: Provided, That funds made available for this purpose may be used, notwithstanding any other funding authorities for humanitarian assistance, security assistance or combined exercise expenses: Provided further, That funds may not be obligated to provide assistance to any foreign country that is otherwise prohibited from receiving such type of assistance under any other provision of law. 8038. The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobacco-related products in military resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local community: Provided, That such regulations shall direct that the prices of tobacco or tobacco-related products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. 8039. (a) During the current fiscal year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the purpose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to customers of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fiscal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for procurement. (b) The fiscal year 2025 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2025 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropriation contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2025 procurement appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. 8040. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central Intelligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund during this or any prior or subsequent fiscal year shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any funds appropriated or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and development acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3093 ) shall remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided further, That any funds appropriated or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for the construction, improvement, or alteration of facilities, including leased facilities, to be used primarily by personnel of the intelligence community, shall remain available until September 30, 2026. 8041. (a) Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the department who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee's place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. (b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary of a military department may waive the limitations in subsection (a), on a case-by-case basis, if the Secretary determines, and certifies to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the granting of the waiver will reduce the personnel requirements or the financial requirements of the department. (c) This section does not apply to— (1) field operating agencies funded within the National Intelligence Program; (2) an Army field operating agency established to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; (3) an Army field operating agency established to improve the effectiveness and efficiencies of biometric activities and to integrate common biometric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or (4) an Air Force field operating agency established to administer the Air Force Mortuary Affairs Program and Mortuary Operations for the Department of Defense and authorized Federal entities. 8042. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to convert to contractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of Defense civilian employees unless— (1) the conversion is based on the result of a public-private competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organization plan developed by such activity or function; (2) the Competitive Sourcing Official determines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for performance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or function by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— (A) 10 percent of the most efficient organization's personnel-related costs for performance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or (B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an advantage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— (A) not making an employer-sponsored health insurance plan available to the workers who are to be employed in the performance of that activity or function under the contract; or (B) offering to such workers an employer-sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian employees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. (b) (1) The Department of Defense, without regard to subsection (a) of this section or subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwithstanding any administrative regulation, requirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or industrial type function of the Department of Defense that— (A) is included on the procurement list established pursuant to section 2 of the Javits-Wagner-O’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); (B) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other severely handicapped individuals in accordance with that Act; or (C) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified firm under at least 51 percent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 450b(e) ), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15) ). (2) This section shall not apply to depot contracts or contracts for depot maintenance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. (c) The conversion of any activity or function of the Department of Defense under the authority provided by this section shall be credited toward any competitive or outsourcing goal, target, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in compliance with, subsection (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or outsourcing of commercial activities. (RESCISSIONS) 8043. Of the funds appropriated in Department of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Missile Procurement, Army , 2022/2024, $9,093,000; Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army , 2022/2024, $1,900,000; Other Procurement, Army , 2022/2024, $44,681,000; Aircraft Procurement, Navy , 2022/2024, $1,428,000; Weapons Procurement, Navy , 2022/2024, $13,058,000; Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps , 2022/2024, $1,012,000; Other Procurement, Navy , 2022/2024, $2,975,000; Cooperative Threat Reduction Account , 2022/2024, $75,000,000; Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide , 2023/2024, $75,000,000; Counter-ISIS Train and Equip Fund , 2023/2024, $50,000,000; Other Procurement, Army , 2023/2025, $4,066,000; Aircraft Procurement, Navy , 2023/2025, $10,033,000; Weapons Procurement, Navy , 2023/2025, $53,139,000; Other Procurement, Navy , 2023/2025, $1,550,000; Procurement, Marine Corps , 2023/2025, $155,304,000; Other Procurement, Air Force , 2023/2025, $45,000,000; Procurement, Defense-Wide , 2023/2025, $32,148,000; Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force , 2023/2024, $29,300,000; Army Working Capital Fund , XXXX/XXXX, $100,000,000; and Navy Working Capital Fund , XXXX/XXXX, $100,000,000. 8044. None of the funds available in this Act may be used to reduce the authorized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air National Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve for the purpose of applying any administratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military technicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. 8045. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that purpose: Provided, That this restriction shall not apply to any activities incidental to the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency mission to recover and identify the remains of United States Armed Forces personnel from the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. 8046. Funds appropriated in this Act for operation and maintenance of the Military Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the National Guard and Reserve provide intelligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Military Intelligence Program: Provided, That nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. 8047. (a) None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. (b) None of the funds available to the Central Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. 8048. In addition to the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available elsewhere in this Act, $49,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense: Provided, That upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $24,000,000 to the United Service Organizations and $25,000,000 to the Red Cross: Provided further , That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this section may be used to encourage, guide, or otherwise assist in migration towards the United States southwest border. 8049. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Act, the Small Business Innovation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program set-asides shall be taken proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities to the extent they contribute to the extramural budget. The Secretary of each military department, the Director of each Defense Agency, and the head of each other relevant component of the Department of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees, concurrent with submission of the budget justification documents to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, a report with a detailed accounting of the Small Business Innovation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program set-asides taken from programs, projects, or activities within such department, agency, or component during the most recently completed fiscal year. 8050. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a contractor under a contract with the Department of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— (1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and (2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs associated with a business combination. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8051. During the current fiscal year, no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred, to be used in support of such personnel in connection with support and services for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. 8052. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equipment of the National Guard Distance Learning Project by any person or entity on a space-available, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall establish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a case-by-case basis. (b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. 8053. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or prior Acts may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status any C–40 aircraft. (b) The limitation under subsection (a) shall not apply to an individual C–40 aircraft that the Secretary of the Air Force determines, on a case-by-case basis, to be no longer mission capable due to a Class A mishap. (c) If the Secretary determines under subsection (b) that an aircraft is no longer mission capable, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a certification in writing that the status of such aircraft is due to a Class A mishap and not due to lack of maintenance, repairs, or other reasons. (d) Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the necessary steps taken by the Department of Defense to meet the travel requirements for official or representational duties of members of Congress and the Cabinet in fiscal years 2024 and 2025. 8054. (a) None of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act may be used to procure end-items for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use, or inventory requirements: Provided, That this restriction does not apply to end-items used in development, prototyping in accordance with an approved test strategy, and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use. (b) If the number of end-items budgeted with funds appropriated in title IV of this Act exceeds the number required in an approved test strategy, the Under Secretary of Defense (Research and Engineering) and the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), in coordination with the responsible Service Acquisition Executive, shall certify in writing to the congressional defense committees that there is a bonafide need for the additional end-items at the time of submittal to Congress of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2025 pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code: Provided , That this restriction does not apply to programs funded within the National Intelligence Program. (c) The Secretary of Defense shall, at the time of the submittal to Congress of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2025 pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the use of funds requested in research, development, test and evaluation accounts for end-items used in development, prototyping and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided , That the report shall set forth, for each end item covered by the preceding proviso, a detailed list of the statutory authorities under which amounts in the accounts described in that proviso were used for such item: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense shall, at the time of the submittal to Congress of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2025 pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, submit to the congressional defense committees a certification that funds requested for fiscal year 2025 in research, development, test and evaluation accounts are in compliance with this section: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. 8055. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or other Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of performing repairs or maintenance to military family housing units of the Department of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of conducting official Department of Defense business. 8056. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide for any new start defense innovation acceleration or rapid prototyping program demonstration project with a value of more than $5,000,000 may only be obligated 15 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national interest to do so. 8057. The Secretary of Defense shall continue to provide a classified quarterly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, Subcommittees on Defense on certain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. 8058. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) of title 10, United States Code, a servicemember who is a member of the National Guard serving on full-time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform duties in support of the ground-based elements of the National Ballistic Missile Defense System. 8059. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to transfer to any nongovernmental entity ammunition held by the Department of Defense that has a center-fire cartridge and a United States military nomenclature designation of armor penetrator , armor piercing (AP) , armor piercing incendiary (API) , or armor-piercing incendiary tracer (API–T) , except to an entity performing demilitarization services for the Department of Defense under a contract that requires the entity to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Department of Defense that armor piercing projectiles are either: (1) rendered incapable of reuse by the demilitarization process; or (2) used to manufacture ammunition pursuant to a contract with the Department of Defense or the manufacture of ammunition for export pursuant to a License for Permanent Export of Unclassified Military Articles issued by the Department of State. 8060. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or their designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of personal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organization specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, social, or fraternal nonprofit organization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or their designee, on a case-by-case basis. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8061. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Army , $175,943,968 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Government: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the acquisition of real property, construction, personal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further, That contracts entered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnification as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Provided further, That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the maximum extent consistent with the national security, as determined by the Secretary of Defense. 8062. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— (1) the appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budget, including through the creation of a new appropriation or new appropriation account; (2) how the National Intelligence Program budget request is presented in the unclassified P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; (3) the process by which the National Intelligence Program appropriations are apportioned to the executing agencies; or (4) the process by which the National Intelligence Program appropriations are allotted, obligated and disbursed. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall be construed to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Program budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is otherwise in accordance with paragraphs (1)–(3) of subsection (a). (c) The Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal reporting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management processes. Such study shall include a comprehensive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. (d) Upon development of the detailed proposals defined under subsection (c), the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) provide the proposed alternatives to all affected agencies; (2) receive certification from all affected agencies attesting that the proposed alternatives will help achieve auditability, improve fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and (3) not later than 30 days after receiving all necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifications to the congressional defense and intelligence committees. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8063. During the current fiscal year, not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the appropriations made in title II of this Act for Operation and Maintenance, Army , Operation and Maintenance, Navy , and Operation and Maintenance, Air Force may be transferred by the military department concerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8064. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, $5,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense, to remain available for obligation until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, that upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Foundation, Inc., only for the construction and furnishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when confronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible military beneficiary. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8065. Of the amounts appropriated for Operation and Maintenance, Navy , up to $1,000,000 shall be available for transfer to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act ( 2 U.S.C. 1105 ). 8066. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be obligated to modify command and control relationships to give Fleet Forces Command operational and administrative control of United States Navy forces assigned to the Pacific fleet: Provided, That the command and control relationships which existed on October 1, 2004, shall remain in force until a written modification has been proposed to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That the proposed modification may be implemented 30 days after the notification unless an objection is received from either the House or Senate Appropriations Committees: Provided further, That any proposed modification shall not preclude the ability of the commander of United States Indo-Pacific Command to meet operational requirements. 8067. Any notice that is required to be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate under section 3601 of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 804(a) of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023, after the date of the enactment of this Act shall be submitted pursuant to that requirement concurrently to the Subcommittees on Defense of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8068. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the headings Procurement, Defense-Wide and Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide , $500,000,000 shall be for the Israeli Cooperative Programs: Provided, That of this amount, $80,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter short-range rocket threats, subject to the U.S.-Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $127,000,000 shall be for the Short Range Ballistic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, including cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program; $40,000,000 shall be for co-production activities of SRBMD systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for SRBMD, as amended; $80,000,000 shall be for an upper-tier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture, of which $80,000,000 shall be for co-production activities of Arrow 3 Upper Tier systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for Arrow 3 Upper Tier, as amended; and $173,000,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including development of a long range, ground and airborne, detection suite: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. 8069. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , $1,648,559,000 shall be available until September 30, 2024, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases for the following programs: (1) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2013/2024: Carrier Replacement Program, $624,600,000; (2) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2015/2024: Virginia Class Submarine Program, $43,419,000; (3) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2016/2024: Virginia Class Submarine Program, $100,115,000; (4) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2016/2024: DDG–51 Destroyer, $104,090,000; (5) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2017/2024: Virginia Class Submarine Program, $24,646,000; (6) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2017/2024: DDG–51 Destroyer, $121,827,000; (7) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2017/2024: LPD–17, $16,520,000; (8) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2018/2024: Ship to Shore Connector Program, $43,600,000; (9) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2019/2024: Littoral Combat Ship, $23,000,000; (10) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2019/2024: TAO Fleet Oiler, $27,060,000; (11) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2020/2024: CVN Refueling Overhauls, $42,422,000; (12) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2020/2024: TAO Fleet Oiler, $93,250,000; (13) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2020/2024: Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship Program, $1,150,000; (14) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2021/2024: Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship Program, $21,809,000; (15) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2022/2024: TAO Fleet Oiler, $2,585,000; (16) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2022/2024: Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship Program, $3,300,000; and (17) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2022/2024: T-AGOS Surtass Ships Program, $355,166,000. 8070. Funds appropriated by this Act for intelligence and intelligence-related activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1) ) until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024. 8071. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity unless such program, project, or activity must be undertaken immediately in the interest of national security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. 8072. None of the funds in this Act may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile defense system. 8073. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended for the purpose of decommissioning any Littoral Combat Ship, the USS Germantown , or the USS Tortuga . 8074. For purposes of section 1553(b) of title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy appropriations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. 8075. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided, That the Air Force shall allow the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of national defense requirements during the non-hurricane season. 8076. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to transfer research and development, acquisition, or other program authority relating to current tactical unmanned aerial vehicles (TUAVs) from the Army. (b) The Army shall retain responsibility for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of unmanned aerial vehicles. 8077. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized foreign intelligence activities: Provided, That information pertaining to United States persons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. 8078. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2025, and except for funds appropriated for the purchase of real property, which shall remain available until September 30, 2026. 8079. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2024: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President's budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation by Expenditure Center and project; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional intelligence committees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the congressional intelligence committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. 8080. (a) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3024(d) ) that— (1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated funding of $10,000,000 or more; (3) transfers funding into or out of the National Intelligence Program; or (4) transfers funding between appropriations, unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security requirements. (b) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3024(d) ) that results in a cumulative increase or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security requirements. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8081. Upon a determination by the Director of National Intelligence that such action is necessary and in the national interest, the Director may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $1,500,000,000 of the funds made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2024. 8082. Any transfer of amounts appropriated to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Account in or for fiscal year 2024 to a military department or Defense Agency pursuant to section 1705(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, shall be covered by and subject to section 8005 of this Act. 8083. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the contractor agrees not to— (1) enter into any agreement with any of its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or (2) take any action to enforce any provision of an existing agreement with an employee or independent contractor that mandates that the employee or independent contractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract unless the contractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a covered subcontractor is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). (c) The prohibitions in this section do not apply with respect to a contractor's or subcontractor's agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be enforced in a court of the United States. (d) The Secretary of Defense may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a particular contractor or subcontractor for the purposes of a particular contract or subcontract if the Secretary or the Deputy Secretary personally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national security interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term selected, and shall state any alternatives considered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such alternative would not avoid harm to national security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall transmit to Congress, and simultaneously make public, any determination under this subsection not less than 15 business days before the contract or subcontract addressed in the determination may be awarded. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8084. From within the funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $172,000,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84 : Provided, That for purposes of section 1704(b), the facility operations funded are operations of the integrated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility as described by section 706 of Public Law 110–417 : Provided further, That additional funds may be transferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Defense to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 8085. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code. 8086. Appropriations available to the Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8087. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , $142,008,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2028, may be used for the purchase of two used sealift vessels for the National Defense Reserve Fleet, established under section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 ( 46 U.S.C. 57100 ): Provided, That such amounts are available for reimbursements to the Ready Reserve Force, Maritime Administration account of the United States Department of Transportation for programs, projects, activities, and expenses related to the National Defense Reserve Fleet: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 2218 of title 10, United States Code, none of these funds shall be transferred to the National Defense Sealift Fund for execution. 8088. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. 8089. The Secretary of Defense shall post grant awards on a public website in a searchable format. 8090. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Security Agency to— (1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or (2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any electronic communication of a United States person from a provider of electronic communication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. 8091. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Federal agency not financed by this Act without the express authorization of Congress: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to transfers of funds expressly provided for in Defense Appropriations Acts, or provisions of Acts providing supplemental appropriations for the Department of Defense. 8092. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for Operation and Maintenance, Navy , $667,508,000, to remain available until expended, may be used for any purposes related to the National Defense Reserve Fleet established under section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 ( 46 U.S.C. 57100 ): Provided, That such amounts are available for reimbursements to the Ready Reserve Force, Maritime Administration account of the United States Department of Transportation for programs, projects, activities, and expenses related to the National Defense Reserve Fleet. 8093. (a) None of the funds provided in this Act for the TAO Fleet Oiler program shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of the following components unless those components are manufactured in the United States: Auxiliary equipment (including pumps) for shipboard services; propulsion equipment (including engines, reduction gears, and propellers); shipboard cranes; spreaders for shipboard cranes; and anchor chains, specifically for the seventh and subsequent ships of the fleet. (b) None of the funds provided in this Act for the FFG(X) Frigate program shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of the following components unless those components are manufactured in the United States: Air circuit breakers; gyrocompasses; electronic navigation chart systems; steering controls; pumps; propulsion and machinery control systems; totally enclosed lifeboats; auxiliary equipment pumps; shipboard cranes; auxiliary chill water systems; and propulsion propellers: Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall incorporate United States manufactured propulsion engines and propulsion reduction gears into the FFG(X) Frigate program beginning not later than with the eleventh ship of the program. 8094. None of the funds provided in this Act for requirements development, performance specification development, concept design and development, ship configuration development, systems engineering, naval architecture, marine engineering, operations research analysis, industry studies, preliminary design, development of the Detailed Design and Construction Request for Proposals solicitation package, or related activities for the T–ARC(X) Cable Laying and Repair Ship or the T–AGOS(X) Oceanographic Surveillance Ship may be used to award a new contract for such activities unless these contracts include specifications that all auxiliary equipment, including pumps and propulsion shafts, are manufactured in the United States. 8095. No amounts credited or otherwise made available in this or any other Act to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Account may be transferred to: (1) the Rapid Prototyping Fund established under section 804(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( 10 U.S.C. 2302 note); or (2) credited to a military-department specific fund established under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (as amended by section 897 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017). 8096. From funds made available in title II of this Act, the Secretary of Defense may purchase for use by military and civilian employees of the Department of Defense in the United States Central Command area of responsibility: (1) passenger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle; and (2) heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 8097. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense for gaming, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or participants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and Department of Defense Instruction 1015.10 (enclosure 3, 14a and 14b). 8098. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities, or for any activity necessary for the national defense, including intelligence activities. 8099. None of the funds provided for, or otherwise made available, in this or any other Act, may be obligated or expended by the Secretary of Defense to provide motorized vehicles, aviation platforms, munitions other than small arms and munitions appropriate for customary ceremonial honors, operational military units, or operational military platforms if the Secretary determines that providing such units, platforms, or equipment would undermine the readiness of such units, platforms, or equipment. 8100. (a) None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to any corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting such tax liability, provided that the applicable Federal agency is aware of the unpaid Federal tax liability. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply if the applicable Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation described in such subsection and has made a determination that such suspension or debarment is not necessary to protect the interests of the Federal Government. 8101. Amounts appropriated under title IV of this Act, as detailed in budget activity eight of the Explanation of Project Level Adjustments tables in the explanatory statement regarding this Act, may be used for expenses for the agile research, development, test and evaluation, procurement, production, modification, and operation and maintenance, only for the following Software and Digital Technology Pilot programs— (1) Defensive CYBER (PE 0608041A); (2) Risk Management Information (PE 0608013N); (3) Maritime Tactical Command and Control (PE 0608231N); (4) Space Command and Control (PE 1208248SF); (5) Global Command and Control System (PE 0303150K); (6) Acquisition Visibility (PE 0608648D8Z); and (7) Defense Innovation Unit Fielding (RDTE,DW Line 281). 8102. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to transfer the National Reconnaissance Office to the Space Force: Provided, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit or prohibit cooperation, collaboration, and coordination between the National Reconnaissance Office and the Space Force or any other elements of the Department of Defense. 8103. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): (1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States Code. (2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of Public Law 105–277 ; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations. (3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Department of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 ( Public Law 109–148 ). 8104. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. 8105. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for purposes specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Kuwait, under that section: Provided, That, such contributions shall, upon receipt, be credited to the appropriations or fund which incurred such obligations. 8106. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide , for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, $1,343,580,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, shall be available for International Security Cooperation Programs and other programs to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or building partner capacity programs: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds made available in this section, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any planned obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the use and status of funds made available in this section. 8107. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide , for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, $410,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, shall be available to reimburse Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, Tunisia, and Oman under section 1226 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( 22 U.S.C. 2151 note), for enhanced border security, of which not less than $150,000,000 shall be for Jordan: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds made available in this section, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any planned obligation and the nature of the expenses incurred: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the use and status of funds made available in this section. 8108. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution ( 50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq. ). 8109. None of the funds made available by this Act for excess defense articles, assistance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–457 ; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1 ) may be used to support any military training or operation that includes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. 8110. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available for any member of the Taliban. 8111. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any transfer of funds, appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act, for support to friendly foreign countries in connection with the conduct of operations in which the United States is not participating, pursuant to section 331(d) of title 10, United States Code, shall be made in accordance with section 8005 of this Act. 8112. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of Defense, or any other official or officer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any subsidiary of Rosoboronexport. (b) The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, determines that it is in the vital national security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that— (1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the transfer of lethal military equipment to, and the maintenance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; (2) the armed forces of the Russian Federation have withdrawn from Ukraine; and (3) agents of the Russian Federation have ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. (c) The Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on which such a waiver is issued by the Secretary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. 8113. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide , for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, shall be for payments to reimburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, including access, provided to United States military and stability operations to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided, That such reimbursement payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may determine, based on documentation determined by the Secretary of Defense to adequately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclusive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following written notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further, That these funds may be used for the purpose of providing specialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a non-reimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and stability operations to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and 15 days following written notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the use and status of funds made available in this section. 8114. The Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing not more than 30 days after the receipt of any contribution of funds received from the government of a foreign country for any purpose relating to the stationing or operations of the United States Armed Forces: Provided, That such notification shall include the amount of the contribution; the purpose for which such contribution was made; and the authority under which such contribution was accepted by the Secretary of Defense: Provided further, That not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating such funds, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees in writing a notification of the planned use of such contributions, including whether such contributions would support existing or new stationing or operations of the United States Armed Forces. 8115. (a) The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Chiefs of the Armed Forces, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, not later than 30 days after the last day of each quarter of the fiscal year, a report on the use of operation and maintenance funds for activities or exercises in excess of $5,000,000 that have been designated by the Secretary of Defense as unplanned activities for fiscal year 2024. (b) Each report required by subsection (a) shall also include— (1) the title, date, and location, of each activity and exercise covered by the report; (2) an identification of the military department and units that participated in each such activity or exercise (including an estimate of the number of participants); (3) the total cost of the activity or exercise, by budget line item (with a breakdown by cost element such as transportation); and (4) a short explanation of the objective of the activity or exercise. (c) The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 8116. Not later than 15 days after the date on which any foreign base that involves the stationing or operations of the United States Armed Forces, including a temporary base, permanent base, or base owned and operated by a foreign country, is opened or closed, the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the opening or closing of such base: Provided, That such notification shall also include information on any personnel changes, costs, and savings associated with the opening or closing of such base. 8117. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolution ( 50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq. ), including for the introduction of United States Armed Forces into hostilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Iraqi territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). 8118. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution ( 50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq. ), including for the introduction of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). 8119. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: (1) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) To exercise United States control over any oil resource of Iraq or Syria. 8120. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading Counter-ISIS Train and Equip Fund , and under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide for Department of Defense security cooperation grant programs, may be used to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. 8121. Up to $500,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency in Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide may be used to provide assistance to the Government of Jordan to support the armed forces of Jordan and to enhance security along its borders. 8122. Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, United States Southern Command shall assume combatant command responsibility for activities related to Mexico. 8123. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 8124. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual's country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity except in accordance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ) and section 1035 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ). 8125. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Station, Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. 8126. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. 8127. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, to reflect savings due to favorable foreign exchange rates, the total amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $950,000,000. 8128. In carrying out the program described in the memorandum on the subject of Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such memorandum, the Secretary of Defense shall apply such policy and guidance, except that— (1) the limitation on periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (2) the term assisted reproductive technology shall include embryo cryopreservation and storage without limitation on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. 8129. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made used to support, directly or indirectly, the Wuhan Institute of Virology, or any laboratory owned or controlled by the governments of the People’s Republic of China, the Republic of Cuba, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela under the Maduro regime, or any other country determined by the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to be a foreign adversary. 8130. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund any work to be performed by EcoHealth Alliance, Inc. unless the Secretary of Defense determines that a waiver to such prohibition is in the national security interests of the United States and, not later than 14 days after granting such a waiver, submits to the congressional defense committees a detailed justification for the waiver, including— (1) an identification of the Department of Defense entity obligating or expending the funds; (2) an identification of the amount of such funds; (3) an identification of the intended purpose of such funds; (4) an identification of the recipient or prospective recipient of such funds (including any third-party entity recipient, as applicable); (5) an explanation for how the waiver is in the national security interests of the United States; and (6) any other information the Secretary determines appropriate. 8131. The Secretary of the Navy shall continue to provide pay and allowances to Lieutenant Ridge Alkonis, United States Navy, until such time as the Secretary of the Navy makes a determination with respect to the separation of Lieutenant Alkonis from the Navy. 8132. The Secretary of Defense may obligate funds made available in this Act for procurement or for research, development, test and evaluation for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter to modify up to six F-35 aircraft, including up to two F-35 aircraft of each variant, to a test configuration: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, with the concurrence of the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy, notify the congressional defense committees not fewer than 30 days prior to obligating funds under this section: Provided further, That any transfer of funds pursuant to the authority provided in this section shall be made in accordance with section 8005 of this Act. 8133. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be obligated to integrate an alternative engine on any F-35 aircraft. 8134. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used to enter into a contract or contracts for the procurement of airframes and engines for the CH-53K heavy lift helicopter program. 8135. (a) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall allocate amounts made available from the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors (CHIPS) for America Defense Fund for fiscal year 2024 pursuant to the transfer authority in section 102(b)(1) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 (division A of Public Law 117–167 ), to the account specified, in the amounts specified, and for the projects and activities specified, in the table titled Department of Defense Allocation of Funds: CHIPS and Science Act Fiscal Year 2024 in the report accompanying this Act. (b) Neither the President nor his designee may allocate any amounts that are made available for any fiscal year under section 102(b)(2) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 if there is in effect an Act making or continuing appropriations for part of a fiscal year for the Department of Defense: Provided, That in any fiscal year, the matter preceding this proviso shall not apply to the allocation, apportionment, or allotment of amounts for continuing administration of programs allocated using funds transferred from the CHIPS for America Defense Fund, which may be allocated pursuant to the transfer authority in section 102(b)(1) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 only in amounts that are no more than the allocation for such purposes in subsection (a) of this section. (c) The Secretary of Defense may reallocate funds allocated by subsection (a) of this section, subject to the terms and conditions contained in the provisos in section 8005 of this Act: Provided, That amounts may be reallocated pursuant to this subsection only for those requirements necessary to carry out section 9903(b) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ). (d) Concurrent with the annual budget submission of the President for fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate proposed allocations by account and by program, project, or activity, with detailed justifications, for amounts made available under section 102(b)(2) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 for fiscal year 2025. (e) The Department of Defense shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the CHIPS for America Defense Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to subsection (a) of this section, including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds. 8136. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide for the Office of Strategic Capital, $99,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028, shall be available for the cost of loans and loan guarantees: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 8137. In addition to the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act, $800,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense to assist with increasing pay for certain enlisted grades: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall change the following cells in the military monthly basic pay table that was effective as of January 1, 2023 to the following: E-1 with greater than four months in service to $2,600.60, E-2 to $2,799.20, E-3 with less than three years of service to $2,900.90, E-3 with three years of service to $2,950.60, E-3 with four years of service to $3,000.60, E-3 with six or more years of service to $3,050.60, E-4 with less than two years of service to $3,010.50, E-4 with two years of service to $3,060.60, E-4 with three years of service to $3,100.10, E-4 with four years of service to $3,150.80, E-4 with six years of service to $3,210.30, E-4 with eight or more years of service to $3,260.30, E-5 with less than two years of service to $3,100.30, E-5 with two years of service to $3,150.20, E-5 with three years of service to $3,200.20, E-5 with four years of service to $3,250.20, E-6 with less than two years of service to $3,210: Provided further, That the 5.2 percent increase in pay in the fiscal year 2024 budget request for all grades is in addition to the changes identified in this section. 8138. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to release information described in paragraph C4.2.2.5.2 of DoD 5400.11-R regarding a current or former member of the Armed Forces to any non-Federal entity or person without the consent of such member or former member or, if the member or former member is deceased, the consent of the next of kin of such member or former member or a legally authorized representative of the estate of such member or former member, unless such information is requested under section 552 of title 5 (commonly referred to as the “Freedom of Information Act”) and such information is not exempt from disclosure under such section: Provided, That if such information is requested under such section, the releasing authority shall notify the member or former member who is the subject of the request or, if the member or former member is deceased, the next of kin of such member or former member, or a legally authorized representative of the estate of such member or former member, prior to the release of such information: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to a request for such information from a State or local law enforcement agency. 8139. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or expended for acquisition, construction, installation, or leasing of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facilities, and real property, or otherwise update, modernize, or repair current public works, military installations, and facilities, including leased structures, for United States Space Command until such time as the Secretary of the Air Force formally selects and publicly announces the permanent location of the United States Space Command Headquarters in alignment to the United States Air Force Selection Process for the Permanent Location of the United States Space Command Headquarters, as validated by the United States Government Accountability Office Report to Congress concerning United States Space Command (GAO-22-106055) and United States Department of Defense Inspector General Report titled Evaluation of the Air Force Selection Process for the Permanent Location of the United States Space Command Headquarters (DODIG-2022-096). 8140. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to carry out sections 554(a) and 913 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ). 8141. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out the Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility Strategic Plan of the Department of Defense, or Executive Order 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009, relating to advancing racial equity and support for under-served communities through the Federal Government), Executive Order 14035 of June 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34593, relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility in the Federal workforce), Executive Order 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825, relating to further advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal government), or shall be used to execute activities that promote or perpetuate divisive concepts related to race or sex, such as the concepts that one race or sex is inherently superior to another, or that an individual's moral character or worth is determined by their race or sex. 8142. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for surgical procedures or hormone therapies for the purposes of gender affirming care. 8143. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to promote, host, facilitate, or support events on United States military installations or as part of military recruiting programs that violate the Department of Defense Joint Ethics Regulation or bring discredit upon the military, such as a drag queen story hour for children or the use of drag queens as military recruiters. 8144. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used or transferred to another Federal agency, board, or commission to recruit, hire, or promote any person who has been convicted of a Federal or State child pornography charge, has been convicted of any other Federal or State sexual assault charge, or has been formally disciplined for using Federal resources to access, use, or sell child pornography. 8145. None of the funds appropriated by or made available in this Act shall be used to implement, administer, or otherwise carry out the Department of Defense memorandum dated October 20, 2022, or any successor to such memorandum, or to propose, promulgate, or implement any substantially similar rule or policy. 8146. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to finalize, promulgate, or implement the rule proposed by the Department of Defense titled Federal Acquisition Regulation: Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Climate-Related Financial Risk (87 Fed. Reg. 68312; November 14, 2022), or to propose, promulgate, or implement any substantially similar rule or policy. 8147. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to carry out any program, project, or activity that promotes or advances Critical Race Theory, any concept associated with Critical Race Theory, or that teaches or trains any idea or concept that condones an individual being discriminated against or receiving adverse or beneficial treatment based on race or sex, that condones an individual feeling discomfort, guilt, anguish, or any other form of psychological distress on account of that individual’s race or sex, as well as any idea or concept that regards one race as inherently superior to another race, the United States or its institutions as being systemically racist or sexist, an individual as being inherently racist, sexist, or oppressive by virtue of that individual’s race or sex, an individual's moral character as being necessarily determined by race or sex, an individual as bearing responsibility for actions committed in the past by other members of the same race or sex, or meritocracy being racist, sexist, or having been created by a particular race to oppress another race. 8148. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to— (1) classify or facilitate the classification of any communications by a United States person as mis-, dis-, or mal-information; or (2) partner with or fund nonprofit or other organizations that pressure or recommend private companies to censor lawful and constitutionally protected speech of United States persons, including recommending the censoring or removal of content on social media platforms. 8149. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to grant, renew, or maintain a security clearance for any individual listed as a signatory in the statement titled “Public Statement on the Hunter Biden Emails” dated October 19, 2020. 8150. (a) In general Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) Discriminatory action defined As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) Accreditation; Licensure; Certification The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). 8151. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Defense or the Service Secretaries to fly or display a flag over or within a facility of the Department of Defense other than the flag of the United States; the flag of a State, Territory, or District of Columbia; the flag of the Department of Defense; the flag of a Military Service; the flag of Flag or General Officers; the flag of Presidentially-appointed, Senate-confirmed civilians; the flag of Senior Executive Service (SES) and Military Department-specific SES; the POW/MIA flag; the flags of other countries with which the United States is an ally or partner, or for official protocol purposes; the flags of organizations in which the United States is a member, such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; or ceremonial, command, unit, or branch flags or guidons. 8152. (a) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both the House of Representatives and Senate a report on excessive contractor payments that exceed the Truthful Cost and Pricing Act (10 U.S.C. chapter 271 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 35) threshold and with respect to which none of the exceptions to certified cost or pricing data requirements applies. (b) The report required by subsection (a) shall also include the following: (1) The amounts collected, adjusted, or offset from contractors as a result of providing defective cost and pricing data. (2) The mechanisms used to identify violations of the Truthful Cost and Pricing Act (10 U.S.C. chapter 271 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 35). (3) Disciplinary actions taken by the Department of Defense when violations of the Truthful Cost and Pricing Act (10 U.S.C. chapter 271 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 35) are identified, regardless of whether included in the System for Award Management. (4) Any referrals made to the Department of Justice where appropriate. SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT 8153. $0. 8154. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to eliminate a unit of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps at an institution of higher education. 8155. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce— (1) the proposed action outlined in the Notice published by the Department of Army to the Federal Register on August 4, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 51786); or (2) recommendations of the Naming Commission regarding any monument in Arlington National Cemetery. 8156. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deploy United States Armed Forces to Ukraine. 8157. The salary of Lloyd James Austin III, the Secretary of Defense, shall be reduced to $1. 8158. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay for the costs of teleworking or remote working for any employee or contractor of the Department of Defense on a regular and recurring base. 8159. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide assistance to the Department of Homeland Security to house persons on a military installation located in the United States. 8160. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for any office of diversity, equity, or inclusion. 8161. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used, with regards to a member of the Armed Forces with a minor dependent child enrolled in an EFMP— (1) to provide gender transition procedures, including surgery or medication, to such child through such EFMP; (2) to provide a referral for a procedure described in paragraph (1) to such child through such EFMP; or (3) to approve a change of duty station for such member through such EFMP for the purpose of providing such child with access to procedures described in paragraph (1). (b) In this section, the term EFMP means a program under section 1781c(e) of title 10, United States Code. 8162. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to remove a Chinese military company from the list required by section 1260H of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021. 8163. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to NewsGuard Technologies Inc. 8164. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a member of the Armed Forces or a civilian employee of the Department of Defense to receive a vaccination against COVID–19. 8165. The salary of Cyrus Salazar shall be reduced to $1. 8166. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Reynolds Scholars Program of the Brute Krulak Center for Innovation and Future Warfare of Marine Corps University. 8167. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to implement any of the following executive orders: (1) Executive Order No. 13990, relating to Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science To Tackle the Climate Crisis. (2) Executive Order No. 14008, relating to Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad. (3) Section 6 of Executive Order No. 14013, relating to Rebuilding and Enhancing Programs To Resettle Refugees and Planning for the Impact of Climate Change on Migration. (4) Executive Order No. 14030, relating to Climate-Related Financial Risk. (5) Executive Order No. 14057, relating to Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs Through Federal Sustainability. (6) Executive Order No. 14082, relating to Implementation of the Energy and Infrastructure Provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. (7) Executive Order No. 14096, relating to Revitalizing Our Nation's Commitment to Environmental Justice for All. 8168. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended to create, procure, or display any map that depicts Taiwan, Kinmen, Matsu, Penghu, Wuciou, Green Island, or Orchid Island as part of the territory of the People’s Republic of China. 8169. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to enforce the restrictions outlined under the headings Visits and Travel (regarding limitations on Travel to Taiwan ) and Communications (regarding limitations on Name , Symbols of Sovereignty , and Correspondence ) in the Department of State's June 29, 2021, Memorandum for All Department and Agency Executive Secretaries entitled Revised Guidelines on Interacting with Taiwan . 8170. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce any COVID–19 mask mandates. This Act may be cited as the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2024 . Passed the House of Representatives September 28, 2023. Kevin F. McCumber, Clerk. October 16, 2023 Received; read twice and placed on the calendar

118 HR 4367 EH: Making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes. U.S. House of Representatives text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IB 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 4367 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES AN ACT Making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes, namely: I DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT, INTELLIGENCE, SITUATIONAL AWARENESS, AND OVERSIGHT Office of the secretary and executive management OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary and for executive management for operations and support, $279,606,000 (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $27,500,000) (reduced by $39,860,000); of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That $5,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary submits, to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, responses to all questions for the record for each hearing on the fiscal year 2025 budget submission for the Department of Homeland Security held by such Committees prior to July 1: Provided further , That $25,000,000 (increased by $10,000,000) shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary submits the reports required by subsection (g) of section 1092 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( 6 U.S.C. 223 ) and subsection (b) of section 386 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 ( 8 U.S.C. 1368 ). Management Directorate OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Management Directorate for operations and support, $1,695,326,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000): Provided, That not to exceed $2,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Management Directorate for procurement, construction, and improvements, $127,758,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. FEDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE The revenues and collections of security fees credited to this account shall be available until expended for necessary expenses related to the protection of federally owned and leased buildings and for the operations of the Federal Protective Service. Intelligence, analysis, and situational awareness OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis and the Office of Homeland Security Situational Awareness for operations and support, $348,736,000, of which $105,701,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and representation expenses and not to exceed $2,000,000 is available for facility needs associated with secure space at fusion centers, including improvements to buildings. Office of inspector general OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General for operations and support, $228,371,000: Provided, That not to exceed $300,000 may be used for certain confidential operational expenses, including the payment of informants, to be expended at the direction of the Inspector General. Administrative provisions 101. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report not later than October 15, 2024, to the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security listing all grants and contracts awarded by any means other than full and open competition during fiscal years 2023 or 2024. (b) The Inspector General shall review the report required by subsection (a) to assess departmental compliance with applicable laws and regulations and report the results of that review to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than February 15, 2025. 102. Not later than 30 days after the last day of each month, the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a monthly budget and staffing report that includes total obligations of the Department for that month and for the fiscal year at the appropriation and program, project, and activity levels, by the source year of the appropriation. 103. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate of any proposed transfers of funds available under section 9705(g)(4)(B) of title 31, United States Code, from the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund to any agency within the Department of Homeland Security. (b) None of the funds identified for such a transfer may be obligated until the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified of the proposed transfer. 104. All official costs associated with the use of Government aircraft by Department of Homeland Security personnel to support official travel of the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary shall be paid from amounts made available for the Office of the Secretary. 105. (a) The Under Secretary for Management shall brief the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter on all Level 1 and Level 2 acquisition programs on the Master Acquisition Oversight list between Acquisition Decision Event and Full Operational Capability, including programs that have been removed from such list during the preceding quarter. (b) For each such program, the briefing described in subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the purpose of the program, including the capabilities being acquired and the component(s) sponsoring the acquisition; (2) the total number of units, as appropriate, to be acquired annually until procurement is complete under the current acquisition program baseline; (3) the Acquisition Review Board status, including— (A) the current acquisition phase by increment, as applicable; (B) the date of the most recent review; and (C) whether the program has been paused or is in breach status; (4) a comparison between the initial Department-approved acquisition program baseline cost, schedule, and performance thresholds and objectives and the program's current such thresholds and objectives, if applicable; (5) the lifecycle cost estimate, adjusted for comparison to the Future Years Homeland Security Program, including— (A) the confidence level for the estimate; (B) the fiscal years included in the estimate; (C) a breakout of the estimate for the prior five years, the current year, and the budget year; (D) a breakout of the estimate by appropriation account or other funding source; and (E) a description of and rationale for any changes to the estimate as compared to the previously approved baseline, as applicable, and during the prior fiscal year; (6) a summary of the findings of any independent verification and validation of the items to be acquired or an explanation for why no such verification and validation has been performed; (7) a table displaying the obligation of all program funds by prior fiscal year, the estimated obligation of funds for the current fiscal year, and an estimate for the planned carryover of funds into the subsequent fiscal year; (8) a listing of prime contractors and major subcontractors; and (9) narrative descriptions of risks to cost, schedule, or performance that could result in a program breach if not successfully mitigated. (c) The Under Secretary for Management shall submit each approved Acquisition Decision Memorandum for programs described in this section to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than five business days after the date of approval of such memorandum by the Under Secretary for Management or the designee of the Under Secretary. 106. (a) None of the funds made available to the Department of Homeland Security in this Act or prior appropriations Acts may be obligated for any new pilot or demonstration unless the component or office carrying out such pilot or demonstration has documented the information described in subsection (c). (b) Prior to the obligation of any such funds made available for Operations and Support for a new pilot or demonstration, the Under Secretary for Management shall provide a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the information described in subsection (c). (c) The information required under subsections (a) and (b) for a pilot or demonstration shall include the following— (1) documented objectives that are well-defined and measurable; (2) an assessment methodology that details— (A) the type and source of assessment data; (B) the methods for, and frequency of, collecting such data; and (C) how such data will be analyzed; and (3) an implementation plan, including milestones, cost estimates, and implementation schedules, including a projected end date. (d) Not later than 90 days after the date of completion of a pilot or demonstration described in subsection (e) the Under Secretary for Management shall provide a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing lessons learned, actual costs, any planned expansion or continuation of the pilot or demonstration, and any planned transition of such pilot or demonstration into an enduring program or operation. (e) For the purposes of this section, a pilot or demonstration program is a study, demonstration, experimental program, or trial that— (1) is a small-scale, short-term experiment conducted in order to evaluate feasibility, duration, costs, or adverse events, and improve upon the design of an effort prior to implementation of a larger scale effort; and (2) uses more than 10 full-time equivalents or obligates, or proposes to obligate, $5,000,000 or more, but does not include congressionally directed programs or enhancements and does not include programs that were in operation as of December 29, 2022. (f) For the purposes of this section, a pilot or demonstration does not include any testing, evaluation, or initial deployment phase executed under a procurement contract for the acquisition of information technology services or systems, or any pilot or demonstration carried out by a non-federal recipient under any financial assistance agreement funded by the Department. II SECURITY, ENFORCEMENT, AND INVESTIGATIONS U.S. customs and border protection OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for operations and support, including the transportation of unaccompanied alien minors; the provision of air and marine support to Federal, State, local, and international agencies in the enforcement or administration of laws enforced by the Department of Homeland Security; at the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the provision of such support to Federal, State, and local agencies in other law enforcement and emergency humanitarian efforts; the purchase and lease of up to 7,500 (6,500 for replacement only) police-type vehicles; the purchase, maintenance, or operation of marine vessels, aircraft, and unmanned aerial systems; and contracting with individuals for personal services abroad; $16,241,678,000 (increased by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $1) (reduced by $1) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000); of which $3,274,000 shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for administrative expenses related to the collection of the Harbor Maintenance Fee pursuant to section 9505(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ( 26 U.S.C. 9505(c)(3) ) and notwithstanding section 1511(e)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 551(e)(1) ); of which $700,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2025; and of which such sums as become available in the Customs User Fee Account, except sums subject to section 13031(f)(3) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( 19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(3) ), shall be derived from that account: Provided, That not to exceed $34,425 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $150,000 shall be available for payment for rental space in connection with preclearance operations: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for procurement, construction, and improvements, including procurement of physical barriers, marine vessels, aircraft, and unmanned aerial systems, $2,965,653,000 (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), of which $741,885,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026; and of which $2,223,768,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2028. U.S. immigration and customs enforcement OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for operations and support, including the purchase and lease of up to 3,790 (2,350 for replacement only) police-type vehicles; overseas vetted units, including stipends for members of such units; and maintenance, minor construction, and minor leasehold improvements at owned and leased facilities; $9,758,297,000 (increased by $24,000,000) (increased by $34,860,000); of which not less than $6,000,000 shall remain available until expended for efforts to enforce laws against forced child labor; of which $46,696,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025; of which not less than $2,000,000 is for paid apprenticeships for participants in the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative Child-Rescue Corps; of which not less than $15,000,000 shall be available for investigation of intellectual property rights violations, including operation of the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center; and of which not less than $5,310,547,000 shall be for enforcement, detention, and removal operations, including transportation of unaccompanied alien minors: Provided, That not to exceed $11,475 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $10,000,000 shall be available until expended for conducting special operations under section 3131 of the Customs Enforcement Act of 1986 ( 19 U.S.C. 2081 ): Provided further, That not to exceed $2,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security: Provided further, That not to exceed $11,216,000 shall be available to fund or reimburse other Federal agencies for the costs associated with the care, maintenance, and repatriation of smuggled aliens unlawfully present in the United States: Provided further , That not less than $2,000,000 shall be for entering into new agreements for the delegation of law enforcement authority authorized under section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act: Provided further , That funding made available under this heading shall maintain a level of not less than 41,500 detention beds through September 30, 2024. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for procurement, construction, and improvements, $50,520,000, of which $35,420,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, and of which $15,100,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2028. Transportation security administration OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration for operations and support, $10,118,131,000, of which $600,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That not to exceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That security service fees authorized under section 44940 of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections and shall be available only for aviation security: Provided further, That the sum appropriated under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2024 so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $7,498,131,000. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration for procurement, construction, and improvements, $130,340,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration for research and development, $33,532,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. Coast guard OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard for operations and support including the Coast Guard Reserve; purchase or lease of not to exceed 25 passenger motor vehicles, which shall be for replacement only; purchase or lease of small boats for contingent and emergent requirements (at a unit cost of not more than $700,000) and repairs and service-life replacements, not to exceed a total of $31,000,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000); purchase, lease, or improvements of boats necessary for overseas deployments and activities; payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 ( 42 U.S.C. 402 note; 96 Stat. 1920); and recreation and welfare; $10,222,488,000, of which $530,000,000 shall be for defense-related activities; of which $24,500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 ( 33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5) ); of which $20,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026; of which $24,717,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2028, for environmental compliance and restoration; and of which $100,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025, which shall only be available for vessel depot level maintenance: Provided, That not to exceed $23,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard for procurement, construction, and improvements, including aids to navigation, shore facilities (including facilities at Department of Defense installations used by the Coast Guard), and vessels and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, $1,981,194,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028; of which $20,000,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 ( 33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5) ). RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard for research and development; and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment; $7,476,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which $500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 ( 33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5) ): Provided, That there may be credited to and used for the purposes of this appropriation funds received from State and local governments, other public authorities, private sources, and foreign countries for expenses incurred for research, development, testing, and evaluation. RETIRED PAY For retired pay, including the payment of obligations otherwise chargeable to lapsed appropriations for this purpose, payments under the Retired Serviceman's Family Protection and Survivor Benefits Plans, payment for career status bonuses, payment of continuation pay under section 356 of title 37, United States Code, concurrent receipts, combat-related special compensation, and payments for medical care of retired personnel and their dependents under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, $1,147,244,000, to remain available until expended. United states secret service OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for operations and support, including purchase of not to exceed 652 vehicles for police-type use; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of motorcycles made in the United States; hire of aircraft; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia; fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government ownership or control, as may be necessary to perform protective functions; conduct of and participation in firearms matches; presentation of awards; conduct of behavioral research in support of protective intelligence and operations; payment in advance for commercial accommodations as may be necessary to perform protective functions; and payment, without regard to section 5702 of title 5, United States Code, of subsistence expenses of employees who are on protective missions, whether at or away from their duty stations; $2,949,463,000 (increased by $2,000,000); of which $114,599,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025, and of which $6,000,000 (increased by $2,000,000) shall be for a grant for activities related to investigations of missing and exploited children; and of which up to $30,000,000 may be for calendar year 2023 premium pay in excess of the annual equivalent of the limitation on the rate of pay contained in section 5547(a) of title 5, United States Code, pursuant to section 2 of the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 ( 5 U.S.C. 5547 note), as last amended by Public Law 116–269 : Provided, That not to exceed $19,125 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $100,000 shall be to provide technical assistance and equipment to foreign law enforcement organizations in criminal investigations within the jurisdiction of the United States Secret Service. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for procurement, construction, and improvements, $61,098,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for research and development, $4,217,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. Administrative provisions 201. Section 201 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2018 (division F of Public Law 115–141 ), related to overtime compensation limitations, shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act, except that fiscal year 2024 shall be substituted for fiscal year 2018 . 202. Funding made available under the headings U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Operations and Support and U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements shall be available for customs expenses when necessary to maintain operations and prevent adverse personnel actions in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, in addition to funding provided by sections 740 and 1406i of title 48, United States Code. 203. As authorized by section 601(b) of the United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act ( Public Law 112–42 ), fees collected from passengers arriving from Canada, Mexico, or an adjacent island pursuant to section 13031(a)(5) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( 19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(5) ) shall be available until expended. 204. (a) For an additional amount for U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Operations and Support , $31,000,000, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected and credited to this appropriation in fiscal year 2024 from amounts authorized to be collected by section 286(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1356(i) ), section 10412 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 ( 7 U.S.C. 8311 ), and section 817 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 ( Public Law 114–125 ), or other such authorizing language. (b) To the extent that amounts realized from such collections exceed $31,000,000, those amounts in excess of $31,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation, to remain available until expended. 205. None of the funds made available in this Act for U.S. Customs and Border Protection may be used to prevent an individual not in the business of importing a prescription drug (within the meaning of section 801(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act) from importing a prescription drug from Canada that complies with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act: Provided, That this section shall apply only to individuals transporting on their person a personal-use quantity of the prescription drug, not to exceed a 90-day supply: Provided further, That the prescription drug may not be— (1) a controlled substance, as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act ( 21 U.S.C. 802 ); or (2) a biological product, as defined in section 351 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 262 ). 206. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act shall be used to approve a waiver of the navigation and vessel-inspection laws pursuant to section 501(b) of title 46, United States Code, for the transportation of crude oil distributed from and to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve until the Secretary of Homeland Security, after consultation with the Secretaries of the Departments of Energy and Transportation and representatives from the United States flag maritime industry, takes adequate measures to ensure the use of United States flag vessels. (b) The Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate within 2 business days of any request for waivers of navigation and vessel-inspection laws pursuant to section 501(b) of title 46, United States Code, with respect to such transportation, and the disposition of such requests. 207. (a) Beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall not— (1) establish, collect, or otherwise impose any new border crossing fee on individuals crossing the Southern border or the Northern border at a land port of entry; or (2) conduct any study relating to the imposition of a border crossing fee. (b) In this section, the term border crossing fee means a fee that every pedestrian, cyclist, and driver and passenger of a private motor vehicle is required to pay for the privilege of crossing the Southern border or the Northern border at a land port of entry. 208. (a) Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit an expenditure plan for any amounts made available for U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements in this Act and prior Acts to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (b) No such amounts provided in this Act may be obligated prior to the submission of such plan. 209. Section 211 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2021 (division F of Public Law 116–260 ), prohibiting the use of funds for the construction of fencing in certain areas, shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act. 210. (a) Funds made available in this Act may be used to alter operations within the National Targeting Center of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (b) None of the funds provided by this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2024, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the components funded by this Act, may be used to reduce anticipated or planned vetting operations at existing locations unless specifically authorized by a statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. 211. (a) Of the total amount made available under U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements , $2,965,653,000 shall be available only as follows: (1) $2,104,000,000 for the acquisition and deployment of physical barriers; (2) $276,000,000 for the acquisition and deployment of border security technologies; (3) $305,400,000 for trade and travel assets and infrastructure; (4) $119,768,000 for facility construction and improvements; (5) $123,232,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) for integrated operations assets and infrastructure; and (6) $37,253,000 for mission support and infrastructure. (b) None of the funds allocated for pedestrian physical barriers may be made available for any purpose other than the construction of steel bollard pedestrian barrier built at least 18 to 30 feet in effective height and augmented with anti-climb and anti-dig features. (c) None of the funds allocated for pedestrian physical barriers may be made available for any purpose other than construction of pedestrian barriers consistent with the description in subsection (b) at locations identified in the Border Security Improvement Plan submitted to Congress on August 1, 2020. (d) The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection may reprioritize the construction of physical barriers outlined in the Border Security Improvement Plan and, with prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, add additional miles of pedestrian physical barriers where no such barriers exist, prioritized by operational requirements developed in coordination with U.S. Border Patrol leadership. (e) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall begin to obligate amounts for physical barrier construction no later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (f) For purposes of this section, the term “effective height” refers to the height above the level of the adjacent terrain features. 212. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated, expended, or transferred to another Federal agency, board, or commission to be used to dismantle, demolish, remove, or damage existing United States-Mexico physical barriers at any location where such barriers have been constructed as of the date of enactment of this Act unless such barrier is simultaneously being repaired or replaced. 213. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to utilize the U.S. Customs and Border Protection CBP One Application, or any successor application, to facilitate the parole of any alien into the United States. 214. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to reduce participation in or substantively diminish the delegation of law enforcement authority authorized under section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, except as provided in section 215 of this Act. 215. None of the funds provided under the heading U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support may be used to continue a delegation of law enforcement authority authorized under section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1357(g) ) if the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General determines that the terms of the agreement governing the delegation of authority have been materially violated. 216. (a) None of the funds provided under the heading U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support may be used to continue any contract for the provision of detention services if the two most recent overall performance evaluations received by the contracted facility are less than adequate or the equivalent median score in any subsequent performance evaluation system. (b) The performance evaluations referenced in subsection (a) shall be conducted by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Office of Professional Responsibility. 217. Without regard to the limitation as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, the Secretary may reprogram within and transfer funds to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support as necessary to ensure the detention of aliens prioritized for removal. 218. The reports required to be submitted under section 216 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2021 (division F of Public Law 116–260 ) shall continue to be submitted semimonthly and each matter required to be included in such reports by such section 216 shall apply in the same manner and to the same extent during the period described in such section 216. 219. The terms and conditions of section 217 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2020 (division D of Public Law 116–93 ) shall apply to this Act. 220. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, or otherwise carry out the activities and policies described in the memorandum issued by the Secretary of Homeland Security on September 30, 2021, entitled Guidelines for the Enforcement of Civil Immigration Law or described in the memorandum issued by Kerry Doyle, Immigration and Customs Enforcement Principal Legal Advisor on April 3, 2022, entitled Guidance to OPLA Attorneys Regarding the Enforcement of Civil Immigration Laws and the Exercise of Prosecutorial Discretion or any successor or similar memorandum or policy. 221. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to transport aliens unlawfully present in, paroled into, or inadmissible to the United States into the interior of the United States for purposes other than enforcement of the immigration laws (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101 )). (b) The limitation under subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to amounts made available to transport unaccompanied alien children (as such term is defined in section 462 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 279 )). 222. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for “U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement” may be used to pay for or facilitate an abortion, except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus would be carried to term, or in the case of rape or incest. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for “U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement” may be used to require any person to perform, or facilitate in any way the performance of, any abortion. 223. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to administer hormone therapy medication or perform or facilitate any surgery for any person in custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for the purpose of gender-affirming care. 224. The Secretary of Homeland Security shall allocate amounts appropriated or otherwise made available under the heading ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support’’ by this Act in order to— (1) prioritize detention by using such amounts to ensure that the average daily population of detainees is maintained at the full capacity at all detention facilities funded by this Act throughout the fiscal year; and (2) ensure that every alien on the non-detained docket is enrolled into the Alternatives to Detention Program with mandatory GPS monitoring throughout the duration of all applicable immigration proceedings (including any appeals) and until removal, if ordered removed. 225. Members of the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate, including the leadership; the heads of Federal agencies and commissions, including the Secretary, Deputy Secretary, Under Secretaries, and Assistant Secretaries of the Department of Homeland Security; the United States Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, Assistant Attorneys General, and the United States Attorneys; and senior members of the Executive Office of the President, including the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall not be exempt from Federal passenger and baggage screening. 226. Notwithstanding section 44923 of title 49, United States Code, for fiscal year 2024, any funds in the Aviation Security Capital Fund established by section 44923(h) of title 49, United States Code, may be used for the procurement and installation of explosives detection systems or for the issuance of other transaction agreements for the purpose of funding projects described in section 44923(a) of such title. 227. Not later than 45 days after the submission of the President's budget proposal, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations and Homeland Security in the House of Representatives and the Committees on Appropriations and Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a single report that fulfills the following requirements: (1) a Capital Investment Plan, both constrained and unconstrained, that includes a plan for continuous and sustained capital investment in new, and the replacement of aged, transportation security equipment; (2) the 5-year technology investment plan as required by section 1611 of title XVI of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by section 3 of the Transportation Security Acquisition Reform Act ( Public Law 113–245 ); and (3) the Advanced Integrated Passenger Screening Technologies report as required by the Senate Report accompanying the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2019 (Senate Report 115–283). 228. None of the funds made available under the heading Transportation Security Administration—Operations and Support may be made available for the purpose of implementation of any structural pay reform that would alter the pay structure in place as of October 1, 2022, for any employee that is not a Transportation Security Officer. 229. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading Coast Guard—Operations and Support shall be for expenses incurred for recreational vessels under section 12114 of title 46, United States Code, except to the extent fees are collected from owners of yachts and credited to the appropriation made available by this Act under the heading Coast Guard—Operations and Support . (b) To the extent such fees are insufficient to pay expenses of recreational vessel documentation under such section 12114, and there is a backlog of recreational vessel applications, personnel performing non-recreational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform documentation under section 12114. 230. Without regard to the limitation as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, after June 30, in accordance with the notification requirement described in subsection (b) of such section, up to the following amounts may be reprogrammed within Coast Guard—Operations and Support — (1) $10,000,000 to or from the Military Personnel funding category; and (2) $10,000,000 between the Field Operations funding subcategories. 231. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a future-years capital investment plan as described in the second proviso under the heading Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements in the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015 ( Public Law 114–4 ), which shall be subject to the requirements in the third and fourth provisos under such heading. 232. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to reduce the Coast Guard's legacy Operations Systems Center mission or its government-employed or contract staff levels. 233. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to conduct, or to implement the results of, a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 for activities performed with respect to the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center. 234. Funds made available in this Act may be used to alter operations within the Civil Engineering Program of the Coast Guard nationwide, including civil engineering units, facilities design and construction centers, maintenance and logistics commands, and the Coast Guard Academy, except that none of the funds provided in this Act may be used to reduce operations within any civil engineering unit unless specifically authorized by a statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. 235. Amounts deposited into the Coast Guard Housing Fund in fiscal year 2024 shall be available until expended to carry out the purposes of section 2946 of title 14, United States Code, and shall be in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes. 236. (a) Notwithstanding section 2110 of title 46, United States Code, none of the funds made available in this Act shall be used to charge a fee for an inspection of a towing vessel, as defined in 46 CFR 136.110, that utilizes the Towing Safety Management System option for a Certificate of Inspection issued under subchapter M of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply after the date the Commandant of the Coast Guard makes a determination under section 815(a) of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–282 ) and, as necessary based on such determination, carries out the requirements of section 815(b) of such Act. 237. The United States Secret Service is authorized to obligate funds in anticipation of reimbursements from executive agencies, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, for personnel receiving training sponsored by the James J. Rowley Training Center, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available under the heading United States Secret Service—Operations and Support at the end of the fiscal year. 238. (a) None of the funds made available to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous appropriations Acts may be made available for the protection of the head of a Federal agency other than the Secretary of Homeland Security. (b) The Director of the United States Secret Service may enter into agreements to provide such protection on a fully reimbursable basis. 239. For purposes of section 503(a)(3) of this Act, up to $15,000,000 may be reprogrammed within United States Secret Service—Operations and Support . 240. Funding made available in this Act for United States Secret Service—Operations and Support is available for travel of United States Secret Service employees on protective missions without regard to the limitations on such expenditures in this or any other Act if the Director of the United States Secret Service or a designee notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate 10 or more days in advance, or as early as practicable, prior to such expenditures. 241. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, or otherwise carry out the policies described in the directive issued by the Acting Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection on January 10, 2023, entitled Emergency Driving and Vehicular Pursuits , or any successor or similar directive or policy. 242. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to admit an alien into the United States based on a Department of Homeland Security Form I-20 (Certificate of Eligibility for Nonimmigrant Student Status) issued by a college, university, or other institution of higher education that is not accredited by a nationally recognized accrediting agency or association recognized by the Secretary of Education pursuant to part H of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1099a et seq. ). 243. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to parole into the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, for the purpose of temporary visit for business or pleasure without a visa, an alien who is a national of the People’s Republic of China. 244. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or previous appropriations Acts under the heading Coast Guard—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements that remain available for obligation in fiscal year 2024 within the Waterways Commerce Cutter Program may be used to enter into or carry out a procurement contract with any entity deemed not eligible for an award from a size standpoint by the Small Business Administration. III PROTECTION, PREPAREDNESS, RESPONSE, AND RECOVERY Cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency for operations and support, $2,370,963,000 (reduced by $1,000,000, increased by $1,000,000), of which $24,424,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , That $5,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation until the reports and briefings directed under this heading in the explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 117–103 have been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency for procurement, construction, and improvements, $553,537,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency for research and development, $1,791,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. Federal emergency management agency OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for operations and support, $1,521,248,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000): Provided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for procurement, construction, and improvements, $119,137,000, of which $81,637,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, and of which $37,500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2028. FEDERAL ASSISTANCE For activities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for Federal assistance through grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other activities, $3,742,460,342 (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $20,000,000) (increased by $20,000,000), which shall be allocated as follows: (1) $530,000,000 (increased by $10,000,000) for the State Homeland Security Grant Program under section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 605 ), of which $100,000,000 (increased by $10,000,000) shall be for Operation Stonegarden and $15,000,000 shall be for Tribal Homeland Security Grants under section 2005 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 606 ): Provided , That notwithstanding subsection (c)(4) of such section 2004, for fiscal year 2024, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall make available to local and tribal governments amounts provided to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico under this paragraph in accordance with subsection (c)(1) of such section 2004. (2) $615,000,000 for the Urban Area Security Initiative under section 2003 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 604 ). (3) $315,000,000 (increased by $20,000,000) for the Nonprofit Security Grant Program under section 2009 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 609a ), of which $157,500,000 (increased by $10,000,000) is for eligible recipients located in high-risk urban areas that receive funding under section 2003 of such Act and $157,500,000 (increased by $10,000,000) is for eligible recipients that are located outside such areas: Provided , That eligible recipients are those described in section 2009(b) of such Act ( 6 U.S.C. 609a(b) ) or are an otherwise eligible recipient at risk of a terrorist or other extremist attack. (4) $105,000,000 for Public Transportation Security Assistance, Railroad Security Assistance, and Over-the-Road Bus Security Assistance under sections 1406, 1513, and 1532 of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 ( 6 U.S.C. 1135 , 1163, and 1182), of which $10,000,000 shall be for Amtrak security and $5,000,000 shall be for Over-the-Road Bus Security: Provided , That such public transportation security assistance shall be provided directly to public transportation agencies. (5) $100,000,000 for Port Security Grants in accordance with section 70107 of title 46, United States Code. (6) $720,000,000 (increased by $20,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2025, of which $360,000,000 (increased by $10,000,000) shall be for Assistance to Firefighter Grants and $360,000,000 (increased by $10,000,000) shall be for Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response Grants under sections 33 and 34 respectively of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229 and 2229a). (7) $355,000,000 for emergency management performance grants under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq. ), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5121 ), the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 ( 42 U.S.C. 7701 ), section 762 of title 6, United States Code, and Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (8) $312,750,000 for necessary expenses for Flood Hazard Mapping and Risk Analysis, in addition to and to supplement any other sums appropriated under the National Flood Insurance Fund, and such additional sums as may be provided by States or other political subdivisions for cost-shared mapping activities under section 1360(f)(2) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4101(f)(2) ), to remain available until expended. (9) $12,000,000 for Regional Catastrophic Preparedness Grants. (10) $130,000,000 for the emergency food and shelter program under title III of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 11331 ), to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided , That not to exceed 3.5 percent shall be for total administrative costs. (11) $40,000,000 for the Next Generation Warning System. (12) $181,223,342 for Community Project Funding grants, which shall be for the purposes, and the amounts, specified in the table entitled Homeland Security—Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act, of which— (A) $65,627,263, in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purpose, is for emergency operations center grants under section 614 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5196c ); and (B) $115,596,079, in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purpose, is for pre-disaster mitigation grants under section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5133(e) , notwithstanding subsections (f), (g), and (l) of that section ( 42 U.S.C. 5133(f) , (g), (l)). (13) $326,487,000 to sustain current operations for training, exercises, technical assistance, and other programs. DISASTER RELIEF FUND For necessary expenses in carrying out the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq. ), $20,406,341,000, to remain available until expended, of which $20,261,000,000 (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) shall be for major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq. ) and is designated by the Congress as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE FUND For activities under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq. ), the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 ( 42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq. ), the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 ( Public Law 112–141 , 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 ( Public Law 113–89 ; 128 Stat. 1020), $239,983,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, which shall be derived from offsetting amounts collected under section 1308(d) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4015(d) ); of which $18,917,000 shall be available for mission support associated with flood management; and of which $221,066,000 shall be available for flood plain management and flood mapping: Provided, That any additional fees collected pursuant to section 1308(d) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4015(d) ) shall be credited as offsetting collections to this account, to be available for flood plain management and flood mapping: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2024, no funds shall be available from the National Flood Insurance Fund under section 1310 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4017 ) in excess of— (1) $230,504,000 for operating expenses and salaries and expenses associated with flood insurance operations; (2) $1,300,000,000 for commissions and taxes of agents; (3) such sums as are necessary for interest on Treasury borrowings; and (4) $175,000,000, which shall remain available until expended, for flood mitigation actions and for flood mitigation assistance under section 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4104c ), notwithstanding sections 1366(e) and 1310(a)(7) of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 4104c(e) , 4017): Provided further, That the amounts collected under section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 ( 42 U.S.C. 4012a ) and section 1366(e) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4104c(e) ), shall be deposited in the National Flood Insurance Fund to supplement other amounts specified as available for section 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, notwithstanding section 102(f)(8), section 1366(e) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, and paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 1367(b) of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 4012a(f)(8) , 4104c(e), 4104d(b)(1)–(3)): Provided further, That total administrative costs shall not exceed 4 percent of the total appropriation: Provided further, That up to $5,000,000 is available to carry out section 24 of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 ( 42 U.S.C. 4033 ). Administrative provisions 301. (a) The Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (or the Director’s designee) shall provide the briefings to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate described under the heading Quarterly Budget and Staffing Briefings in the explanatory statement for division F of Public Law 117–103 described in section 4 in the matter preceding division A of such Public Law— (1) with respect to the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, not later than the later of 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act or January 30, 2024; and (2) with respect to each subsequent fiscal quarter in fiscal year 2024, not later than 21 days after the end of each such quarter. (b) In the event that any such briefing required during this fiscal year under subsection (a) is not provided, the amount made available in title III to the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency under the heading Operations and Support shall be reduced by $50,000 for each day of noncompliance with subsection (a), and the amount made available under such heading and specified in the detailed funding table in the report accompanying this Act for Mission Support shall be correspondingly reduced by an equivalent amount. 302. (a) Notwithstanding section 2008(a)(12) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 609(a)(12) ) or any other provision of law, not more than 5 percent of the amount of a grant made available in paragraphs (1) through (5) under Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance , may be used by the recipient for expenses directly related to administration of the grant. (b) The authority provided in subsection (a) shall also apply to a state recipient for the administration of a grant under such paragraph (3). 303. Applications for grants under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance , for paragraphs (1) through (5), shall be made available to eligible applicants not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, eligible applicants shall submit applications not later than 80 days after the grant announcement, and the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall act within 65 days after the receipt of an application. 304. (a) Under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance , for grants under paragraphs (1) through (5) and (9), the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall brief the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate 5 full business days in advance of announcing publicly the intention of making an award. (b) If any such public announcement is made before 5 full business days have elapsed following such briefing, $1,000,000 of amounts appropriated by this Act for Federal Emergency Management Agency—Operations and Support shall be rescinded. 305. Under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance , for grants under paragraphs (1) and (2), the installation of communications towers is not considered construction of a building or other physical facility. 306. The reporting requirements in paragraphs (1) and (2) under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Disaster Relief Fund in the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015 ( Public Law 114–4 ), related to reporting on the Disaster Relief Fund, shall be applied in fiscal year 2024 with respect to budget year 2025 and current fiscal year 2024, respectively— (1) in paragraph (1) by substituting fiscal year 2025 for fiscal year 2016 ; and (2) in paragraph (2) by inserting business after fifth . 307. In making grants under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance , for Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response grants, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency may grant waivers from the requirements in subsections (a)(1)(A), (a)(1)(B), (a)(1)(E), (c)(1), (c)(2), and (c)(4) of section 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 ( 15 U.S.C. 2229a ). 308. (a) The aggregate charges assessed during fiscal year 2024, as authorized in title III of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 ( 42 U.S.C. 5196e ), shall not be less than 100 percent of the amounts anticipated by the Department of Homeland Security to be necessary for its Radiological Emergency Preparedness Program for the next fiscal year. (b) The methodology for assessment and collection of fees shall be fair and equitable and shall reflect costs of providing such services, including administrative costs of collecting such fees. (c) Such fees shall be deposited in a Radiological Emergency Preparedness Program account as offsetting collections and will become available for authorized purposes on October 1, 2024, and remain available until expended. 309. In making grants under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance , for Assistance to Firefighter Grants, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency may waive subsection (k) of section 33 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 ( 15 U.S.C. 2229 ). IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TRAINING, AND SERVICES U.S. citizenship and immigration services OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for operations and support of the E-Verify Program, $111,865,000: Provided, That such amounts shall be in addition to any other amounts made available for such purposes, and shall not be construed to require any reduction of any fee described in section 286(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1356(m) ). Federal law enforcement training centers OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers for operations and support, including the purchase of not to exceed 117 vehicles for police-type use and hire of passenger motor vehicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $361,398,000, of which $66,665,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That not to exceed $7,180 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers for procurement, construction, and improvements, $20,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028, for acquisition of necessary additional real property and facilities, construction and ongoing maintenance, facility improvements and related expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers. Science and technology directorate OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Science and Technology Directorate for operations and support, including the purchase or lease of not to exceed 5 vehicles, $333,632,000, of which $206,548,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That not to exceed $10,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Science and Technology Directorate for procurement, construction, and improvements, $58,466,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses of the Science and Technology Directorate for research and development, $444,545,000 (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026. Countering weapons of mass destruction office OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office for operations and support, $164,315,000, of which $69,364,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office for procurement, construction, and improvements, $42,338,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office for research and development, $64,201,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. FEDERAL ASSISTANCE For necessary expenses of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office for Federal assistance through grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other activities, $142,885,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. Administrative provisions 401. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds otherwise made available to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services may be used to acquire, operate, equip, and dispose of up to 5 vehicles, for replacement only, for areas where the Administrator of General Services does not provide vehicles for lease. (b) The Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services may authorize employees who are assigned to those areas to use such vehicles to travel between the employees' residences and places of employment. 402. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to process or approve a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 for services provided by employees (including employees serving on a temporary or term basis) of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services of the Department of Homeland Security who are known as Immigration Information Officers, Immigration Service Analysts, Contact Representatives, Investigative Assistants, or Immigration Services Officers. 403. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any Federal funds made available to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services may be used for the collection and use of biometrics taken at a U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Application Support Center that is overseen virtually by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services personnel using appropriate technology. 404. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, or enforce the rule entitled “Procedures or Credible Fear Screening and Consideration of Asylum, Withholding of Removal, and CAT Protection Claims by Asylum Officers” (87 Fed. Reg. 18078). 405. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to issue any employment authorization document or similar document to any alien whose application for asylum in the United States has been denied, or who is convicted of a Federal or State crime while his or her application for asylum in the United States is pending. 406. Notwithstanding the numerical limitation set forth in section 214(g)(1)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1184(g)(1)(B) ), the Secretary of Homeland Security, after consultation with the Secretary of Labor, and upon determining that the needs of American businesses cannot be satisfied during fiscal year 2024 with United States workers who are willing, qualified, and able to perform temporary nonagricultural labor, may increase the total number of aliens who may receive a visa under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) of such Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) ) in such fiscal year above such limitation by not more than the highest number of H–2B nonimmigrants who participated in the H–2B returning worker program in any fiscal year in which returning workers were exempt from such numerical limitation. 407. Notwithstanding section 286(n) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1356(n) ), the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services may use not more than $5,000 of the amounts deposited in the Immigration Examinations Fee Account for official reception and representation expenses in fiscal year 2024. 408. The Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers is authorized to distribute funds to Federal law enforcement agencies for expenses incurred participating in training accreditation. 409. The Federal Law Enforcement Training Accreditation Board, including representatives from the Federal law enforcement community and non-Federal accreditation experts involved in law enforcement training, shall lead the Federal law enforcement training accreditation process to continue the implementation of measuring and assessing the quality and effectiveness of Federal law enforcement training programs, facilities, and instructors. 410. (a) The Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers may accept transfers to its Procurement, Construction, and Improvements account from Government agencies requesting the construction of special use facilities, as authorized by the Economy Act ( 31 U.S.C. 1535(b) ). (b) The Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers shall maintain administrative control and ownership upon completion of such facilities. 411. The functions of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers instructor staff shall be classified as inherently governmental for purposes of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act of 1998 ( 31 U.S.C. 501 note). V GENERAL PROVISIONS (INCLUDING RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS) 501. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. 502. Subject to the requirements of section 503 of this Act, the unexpended balances of prior appropriations provided for activities in this Act may be transferred to appropriation accounts for such activities established pursuant to this Act, may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts, and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. 503. (a) None of the funds provided by this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the components in or transferred to the Department of Homeland Security that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2024, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the components funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or eliminates a program, project, or activity, or increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; (2) contracts out any function or activity presently performed by Federal employees or any new function or activity proposed to be performed by Federal employees in the President's budget proposal for fiscal year 2024 for the Department of Homeland Security; (3) augments funding for existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; (4) reduces funding for any program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel, by 10 percent or more; or (5) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel that would result in a change in funding levels for programs, projects, or activities as approved by the Congress. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of such reprogramming. (c) Up to 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Homeland Security by this Act or provided by previous appropriations Acts may be transferred between such appropriations if the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 30 days in advance of such transfer, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by such transfer. (d) Notwithstanding subsections (a), (b), and (c), no funds shall be reprogrammed within or transferred between appropriations based upon an initial notification provided after June 30, except in extraordinary circumstances that imminently threaten the safety of human life or the protection of property. (e) The notification thresholds and procedures set forth in subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) shall apply to any use of deobligated balances of funds provided in previous Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Acts that remain available for obligation in the current year. (f) Notwithstanding subsection (c), the Secretary of Homeland Security may transfer to the fund established by 8 U.S.C. 1101 note, up to $20,000,000 from appropriations available to the Department of Homeland Security: Provided, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 5 days in advance of such transfer. 504. (a) Section 504 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017 (division F of Public Law 115–31 ), related to the operations of a working capital fund, shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act. (b) Funds from such working capital fund may be obligated and expended in anticipation of reimbursements from components of the Department of Homeland Security. 505. (a) Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2024, as recorded in the financial records at the time of a reprogramming notification, but not later than June 30, 2025, from appropriations for Operations and Support for fiscal year 2024 in this Act shall remain available through September 30, 2025, in the account and for the purposes for which the appropriations were provided. (b) Prior to the obligation of such funds, a notification shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in accordance with section 503 of this Act. 506. (a) Funds made available by this Act for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 414 ) during fiscal year 2024 until the enactment of an Act authorizing intelligence activities for fiscal year 2024. (b) Amounts described in subsection (a) made available for Intelligence, Analysis, and Situational Awareness—Operations and Support that exceed the amounts in such authorization for such account shall be transferred to and merged with amounts made available under the heading Management Directorate—Operations and Support . (c) Prior to the obligation of any funds transferred under subsection (b), the Management Directorate shall brief the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on a plan for the use of such funds. 507. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 3 full business days in advance of— (1) making or awarding a grant allocation or grant in excess of $1,000,000; (2) making or awarding a contract, other transaction agreement, or task or delivery order on a multiple award contract, or to issue a letter of intent totaling in excess of $4,000,000; (3) awarding a task or delivery order requiring an obligation of funds in an amount greater than $10,000,000 from multi-year funds; (4) making a sole-source grant award; or (5) announcing publicly the intention to make or award items under paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4), including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (b) If the Secretary of Homeland Security determines that compliance with this section would pose a substantial risk to human life, health, or safety, an award may be made without notification, and the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 5 full business days after such an award is made or letter issued. (c) A notification under this section— (1) may not involve funds that are not available for obligation; and (2) shall include the amount of the award; the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated; the type of contract; and the account from which the funds are being drawn. 508. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no agency shall purchase, construct, or lease any additional facilities, except within or contiguous to existing locations, to be used for the purpose of conducting Federal law enforcement training without advance notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training that cannot be accommodated in existing Centers' facilities. 509. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for expenses for any construction, repair, alteration, or acquisition project for which a prospectus otherwise required under chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus. 510. Sections 522 and 530 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2008 (division E of Public Law 110–161 ; 121 Stat. 2073 and 2074) shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such sections applied to funds made available in that Act. 511. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the applicable provisions of the Buy American Act. (b) For purposes of subsection (a), the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to amend the oath of allegiance required by section 337 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1448 ). 513. None of the funds provided or otherwise made available in this Act shall be available to carry out section 872 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 452 ) unless explicitly authorized by the Congress. 514. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for planning, testing, piloting, or developing a national identification card. 515. Any official that is required by this Act to report or to certify to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate may not delegate such authority to perform that act unless specifically authorized herein. 516. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for first-class travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 517. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to employ workers described in section 274A(h)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1324a(h)(3) ). 518. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractor performance that has been judged to be below satisfactory performance or performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract. 519. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, territorial, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 520. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by a Federal law enforcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. 521. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to pay for the travel to or attendance of more than 50 employees of a single component of the Department of Homeland Security, who are stationed in the United States, at a single international conference unless the Secretary of Homeland Security, or a designee, determines that such attendance is in the national interest and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within at least 10 days of that determination and the basis for that determination. (b) For purposes of this section the term international conference shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representatives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international organizations, or nongovernmental organizations. (c) The total cost to the Department of Homeland Security of any such conference shall not exceed $500,000. (d) Employees who attend a conference virtually without travel away from their permanent duty station within the United States shall not be counted for purposes of this section, and the prohibition contained in this section shall not apply to payments for the costs of attendance for such employees. 522. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to reimburse any Federal department or agency for its participation in a National Special Security Event. 523. (a) None of the funds made available to the Department of Homeland Security by this or any other Act may be obligated for the implementation of any structural pay reform or the introduction of any new position classification that will affect more than 100 full-time positions or costs more than $5,000,000 in a single year before the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits to Congress a notification that includes— (1) the number of full-time positions affected by such change; (2) funding required for such change for the current fiscal year and through the Future Years Homeland Security Program; (3) justification for such change; and (4) for a structural pay reform, an analysis of compensation alternatives to such change that were considered by the Department. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to such change if— (1) it was proposed in the President’s budget proposal for the fiscal year funded by this Act; and (2) funds for such change have not been explicitly denied or restricted in this Act. 524. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in this Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises homeland or national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for not less than 45 days except as otherwise specified in law. 525. (a) Funding provided in this Act for Operations and Support may be used for minor procurement, construction, and improvements. (b) For purposes of subsection (a), minor refers to end items with a unit cost of $250,000 or less for personal property, and $2,000,000 or less for real property. 526. The authority provided by section 532 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2018 ( Public Law 115–141 ) regarding primary and secondary schooling of dependents shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2024. 527. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Homeland Security by this Act may be used to prevent any of the following persons from entering, for the purpose of conducting oversight, any facility operated by or for the Department of Homeland Security used to detain or otherwise house aliens, or to make any temporary modification at any such facility that in any way alters what is observed by a visiting Member of Congress or such designated employee, compared to what would be observed in the absence of such modification: (1) A Member of Congress. (2) An employee of the United States House of Representatives or the United States Senate designated by such a Member for the purposes of this section. (b) Nothing in this section may be construed to require a Member of Congress to provide prior notice of the intent to enter a facility described in subsection (a) for the purpose of conducting oversight. (c) With respect to individuals described in subsection (a)(2), the Department of Homeland Security may require that a request be made at least 24 hours in advance of an intent to enter a facility described in subsection (a). 528. (a) For an additional amount for Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance , $3,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, exclusively for providing reimbursement of extraordinary law enforcement or other emergency personnel costs for protection activities directly and demonstrably associated with any residence of the President that is designated or identified to be secured by the United States Secret Service. (b) Subsections (b) through (f) of section 534 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2018 ( Public Law 115–141 ), shall be applied with respect to amounts made available by subsection (a) of this section by substituting October 1, 2024 for October 1, 2018 and October 1, 2023 for October 1, 2017 . 529. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds made available in this Act may be used to place restraints on a woman in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security (including during transport, in a detention facility, or at an outside medical facility) who is pregnant or in post-delivery recuperation. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to a pregnant woman if— (1) an appropriate official of the Department of Homeland Security makes an individualized determination that the woman— (A) is a serious flight risk, and such risk cannot be prevented by other means; or (B) poses an immediate and serious threat to harm herself or others that cannot be prevented by other means; or (2) a medical professional responsible for the care of the pregnant woman determines that the use of therapeutic restraints is appropriate for the medical safety of the woman. (c) If a pregnant woman is restrained pursuant to subsection (b), only the safest and least restrictive restraints, as determined by the appropriate medical professional treating the woman, may be used. In no case may restraints be used on a woman who is in active labor or delivery, and in no case may a pregnant woman be restrained in a face-down position with four-point restraints, on her back, or in a restraint belt that constricts the area of the pregnancy. A pregnant woman who is immobilized by restraints shall be positioned, to the maximum extent feasible, on her left side. 530. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to destroy any document, recording, or other record pertaining to any— (1) death of, (2) potential sexual assault or abuse perpetrated against, or (3) allegation of abuse, criminal activity, or disruption committed by an individual held in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security. (b) The records referred to in subsection (a) shall be made available, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and Federal rules governing disclosure in litigation, to an individual who has been charged with a crime, been placed into segregation, or otherwise punished as a result of an allegation described in paragraph (3), upon the request of such individual. 531. Section 519 of division F of Public Law 114–113 , regarding a prohibition on funding for any position designated as a Principal Federal Official, shall apply with respect to any Federal funds in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act. 532. (a) Not later than 10 days after the date on which the budget of the President for a fiscal year is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Under Secretary for Management of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the unfunded priorities, for the Department of Homeland Security and separately for each departmental component, for which discretionary funding would be classified as budget function 050. (b) Each report under this section shall specify, for each such unfunded priority— (1) a summary description, including the objectives to be achieved if such priority is funded (whether in whole or in part); (2) the description, including the objectives to be achieved if such priority is funded (whether in whole or in part); (3) account information, including the following (as applicable): (A) appropriation account; and (B) program, project, or activity name; and (4) the additional number of full-time or part-time positions to be funded as part of such priority. (c) In this section, the term unfunded priority , in the case of a fiscal year, means a requirement that— (1) is not funded in the budget referred to in subsection (a); (2) is necessary to fulfill a requirement associated with an operational or contingency plan for the Department; and (3) would have been recommended for funding through the budget referred to in subsection (a) if— (A) additional resources had been available for the budget to fund the requirement; (B) the requirement has emerged since the budget was formulated; or (C) the requirement is necessary to sustain prior-year investments. 533. (a) Not later than 10 days after a determination is made by the President to evaluate and initiate protection under any authority for a former or retired Government official or employee, or for an individual who, during the duration of the directed protection, will become a former or retired Government official or employee (referred to in this section as a covered individual ), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a notification to congressional leadership and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Reform of the House of Representatives (referred to in this section as the appropriate congressional committees ). (b) Such notification may be submitted in classified form, if necessary, and in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence or the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, as appropriate, and shall include the threat assessment, scope of the protection, and the anticipated cost and duration of such protection. (c) Not later than 15 days before extending, or 30 days before terminating, protection for a covered individual, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a notification regarding the extension or termination and any change to the threat assessment to the congressional leadership and the appropriate congressional committees. (d) Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a report to the congressional leadership and the appropriate congressional committees, which may be submitted in classified form, if necessary, detailing each covered individual, and the scope and associated cost of protection. 534. (a) None of the funds provided to the Department of Homeland Security in this or any prior Act may be used by an agency to submit an initial project proposal to the Technology Modernization Fund (as authorized by section 1078 of subtitle G of title X of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 )) unless, concurrent with the submission of an initial project proposal to the Technology Modernization Board, the head of the agency— (1) notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate of the proposed submission of the project proposal; (2) submits to the Committees on Appropriations a copy of the project proposal; and (3) provides a detailed analysis of how the proposed project funding would supplement or supplant funding requested as part of the Department's most recent budget submission. (b) None of the funds provided to the Department of Homeland Security by the Technology Modernization Fund shall be available for obligation until 15 days after a report on such funds has been transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (c) The report described in subsection (b) shall include— (1) the full project proposal submitted to and approved by the Fund’s Technology Modernization Board; (2) the finalized interagency agreement between the Department and the Fund including the project’s deliverables and repayment terms, as applicable; (3) a detailed analysis of how the project will supplement or supplant existing funding available to the Department for similar activities; (4) a plan for how the Department will repay the Fund, including specific planned funding sources, as applicable; and (5) other information as determined by the Secretary. 535. Within 60 days of any budget submission for the Department of Homeland Security for fiscal year 2025 that assumes revenues or proposes a reduction from the previous year based on user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submission of the budget, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate specific reductions in proposed discretionary budget authority commensurate with the revenues assumed in such proposals in the event that they are not enacted prior to October 1, 2024. 536. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. 537. No Federal funds made available to the Department of Homeland Security may be used to enter into a procurement contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or guarantee to, any entity identified under section 1260H of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ) or any subsidiary of such entity. 538. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 539. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security (in this section referred to as the Secretary ) shall, on a bimonthly basis beginning immediately after the date of enactment of this Act, develop estimates of the number of migrants anticipated to arrive at the southwest border of the United States. (b) The Secretary shall ensure that, at a minimum, the estimates developed pursuant to subsection (a)— (1) cover the current fiscal year and the following fiscal year; (2) include a breakout by demographics, to include single adults, family units, and unaccompanied children; (3) undergo an independent validation and verification review; (4) are used to inform policy planning and budgeting processes within the Department of Homeland Security; and (5) are included in the budget materials submitted to Congress in support of the President’s annual budget request pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, for each fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act and, for such budget materials shall include— (A) the most recent bimonthly estimates developed pursuant to subsection (a); (B) a description and quantification of the estimates used to justify funding requests for Department programs related to border security, immigration enforcement, and immigration services; (C) a description and quantification of the anticipated workload and requirements resulting from such estimates; and (D) a confirmation as to whether the budget requests for impacted agencies were developed using the same estimates. (c) The Secretary shall share the bimonthly estimates developed pursuant to subsection (a) with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Attorney General, the Secretary of State, and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 540. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to establish or support the activities of: (1) a Disinformation Governance Board at the Department of Homeland Security, or any other entity carrying out similar activities relating to mis-, dis-, or mal-information in a similar manner or to a similar extent to such a Board; or (2) any entity responsible, directly or indirectly, under color of countering mis-, dis-, or mal-information or otherwise, for instructing, influencing, directing, or recommending that private companies censor, prohibit, or obstruct lawful and constitutionally protected speech of United States persons on social media platforms, including by— (A) terminating speakers' accounts; (B) temporarily suspending accounts; (C) imposing warnings or strikes against accounts to stop future speech; (D) shadowbanning speakers; (E) demonetizing content or speakers; (F) adjusting algorithms to suppress or deemphasize speakers or messages; (G) deboosting speakers or content; (H) promoting or demoting content; (I) placing warning labels or explanatory notes on content; (J) suppressing content in other users’ feeds; (K) promoting negative comments on disfavored content; (L) requiring additional click-through(s) to access content; or (M) any other such methods. 541. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to require an employee of the Department of Homeland Security to receive a vaccination against COVID-19. 542. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to administer, implement, or enforce the rules entitled ‘‘Amended Order Implementing Presidential Proclamation on Advancing the Safe Resumption of Global Travel During the COVID–19 Pandemic’’ (87 Fed. Reg. 20405 et seq.) or ‘‘Notification of Temporary Travel Restrictions Applicable to Land Ports of Entry and Ferries Service Between the United States and Mexico’’ (87 Fed. Reg. 24041) (or any successor rules). 543. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to: (1) classify or facilitate the classification of any communications by a United States person as mis-, dis-, or mal-information; or (2) partner with or fund nonprofit or other organizations that in any way instruct, influence, direct, or recommend that private companies in any way censor, prohibit, or obstruct lawful and constitutionally protected speech of United States persons on social media platforms, including by— (A) terminating speakers’ accounts; (B) temporarily suspending accounts; (C) imposing warnings or strikes against accounts to stop future speech; (D) shadowbanning speakers; (E) demonetizing content or speakers; (F) adjusting algorithms to suppress or deemphasize speakers or messages; (G) deboosting speakers or content; (H) promoting or demoting content; (I) placing warning labels or explanatory notes on content; (J) suppressing content in other users’ feeds; (K) promoting negative comments on disfavored content; (L) requiring additional click-through(s) to access content; or (M) any other such methods. (b) Any officer or employee of the Federal Government whose salary is funded by this Act and who conducts any activity described in subsections (a)(1) or (a)(2) shall be removed from the Federal service. 544. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, or enforce the rule related to “Circumvention of Lawful Pathways” (88 Fed. Reg. 11704). 545. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out the Equity Action Plan of the Department of Homeland Security, or Executive Order No. 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009, relating to advancing racial equity and support for under-served communities through the federal government), Executive Order No. 14035 of June 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34593, relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility in the federal workforce), Executive Order No. 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825 relating to further advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the federal government) or any program, project, or activity that promotes or advances Critical Race Theory or any concept associated with Critical Race Theory. 546. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Office of the Secretary and Executive Management—Operations and Support’’ may be made available for the purpose of paying counsel outside the Federal Government— (1) before the date on which all funds provided in section 211(a)(1) of this Act are obligated; and (2) to prepare for or defend against impeachment. 547. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to be used to purchase, maintain, or continue to operate any Unmanned Aircraft Systems that are manufactured in the People’s Republic of China or a country identified as a foreign adversary in the Annual Threat Assessment of the U.S. Intelligence Community or by an entity domiciled in the People’s Republic of China or a country identified as a foreign adversary in the most recent Annual Threat Assessment of the U.S. Intelligence Community. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds for counterintelligence, research and development, test and evaluation, or counter Unmanned Aircraft System mitigation efforts, including the activities of the Coast Guard authorized by section 8414 of Public Law 116–283 ( 14 U.S.C. 1156 note). 548. (a) Section 538 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2022 (division F of Public Law 117–103 ) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking “may” and inserting “shall”; and (2) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: (d) Amounts in the Fund may not be obligated until after the date on which the Act making full-year appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the applicable fiscal year is enacted into law, subject to subsection (e). (e) The Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate shall be notified at least 15 days in advance of the planned use of funds. . (b) The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts transferred under such section 538 on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 549. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act shall be used to execute an inspection of any detention facility that is in a contractual agreement with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for the provision of detention services within six months of a previous inspection of such facility. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to inspections executed by the Office of Inspector General. 550. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act shall be used to execute an inspection of any detention facility that is in a contractual agreement with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for the provision of detention services, except solely for compliance with the terms, conditions, and standards found within the National Detention Standards 2019 for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. (b) Subsection (a) shall take effect for detention facilities operating under existing contracts, as of the date of enactment of this Act, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 551. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act shall be used to admit an alien, who is a national of the Republic of Chile, under section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1187 ), until the Secretary of Homeland Security verifies that the Republic of Chile provides access to appropriate criminal databases and the Department of Homeland Security screens Chilean nationals against such criminal databases. 552. (a) In general.—Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) Discriminatory action defined.—As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) Accreditation; Licensure; Certification.—The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). (RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS) 553. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Homeland Security, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: (1) $800,000 from unobligated balances available in the Office of the Secretary and Executive Management—Operations and Support account (70 23/24 0100). (2) $4,100,000 from the unobligated balances available in the Management Directorate—Office of the Chief Information Officer and Operations account (70 X 0113). (3) $1,473,000 from the unobligated balances available in the U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements account (70 X 0532). (4) $1,842,000 from the unobligated balances available in the U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Border Security Fencing, Infrastructure, and Technology account (70 X 0533). (5) $452,000 from the unobligated balances available in the U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Air and Marine Interdiction, Operations, Maintenance, and Procurement account (70 X 0544). (6) $1,159,000,000 from the unobligated balances available under the heading U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements of the amounts provided by Public Law 116–93 for the construction of barrier system along the southwest border. (7) $945,000,000 from the unobligated balances available under the heading U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements of the amounts provided by Public Law 116–260 for the construction of barrier system along the southwest border. (8) $3,000,000 from the unobligated balances available in the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support account (70 23/24 0540). (9) $2,092,841 from the unobligated balances available in the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support account (70 X 0540). (10) $10,439 from the unobligated balances available in the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Automation Modernization account (70 X 0543). (11) $154,515,000 from the unobligated balances available under the heading Transportation Security Administration—Operations and Support of the amounts provided by Public Law 117–328 . (12) $22,600,000 from the unobligated balances available in the Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements account (70 X 0613). (13) $3,500,000 from the unobligated balances available in the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements account (70 23/27 0412). (14) $2,000,000 from the unobligated balances available in the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency—Research and Development account (70 23/24 0805). (15) $5,821,000 from the unobligated balances available in the Federal Emergency Management Agency—National Predisaster Mitigation Fund account (70 X 0716). (16) $800,000 from the unobligated balances available in the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements account (70 20/24 0510). (17) $900,000 from the unobligated balances available in the Science and Technology Directorate—Operations and Support account (70 X 0800). (18) $388,522 from the unobligated balances available in the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office—Research and Development account (70 22/24 0860). (19) $11,478 from the unobligated balances available in the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office—Research and Development account (70 X 0860). 554. Of the unobligated balances of amounts made available under section 70001 of Public Law 117–169 , $312,000,000 are hereby rescinded. 555. Of the unobligated balances of amounts made available in the Department of Homeland Security Nonrecurring Expenses Fund (70 X 1914), $3,800,000 are hereby rescinded. Spending Reduction Account 556. The amount by which the applicable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. 557. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay Secretary Alejandro Nicholas Mayorkas a salary that exceeds $1. 558. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salary and expenses of the position of the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, occupied by Alejandro Mayorkas. 559. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the rule entitled Public Charge Ground of Inadmissibility published by the Department of Homeland Security in the Federal Register on September 9, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 55472). 560. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement a COVID-19 vaccine and mask mandate for travelers passing through the Transportation Security Administration checkpoints. 561. The salary of Ur M. Jaddou, Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, shall be reduced to $1. 562. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require an employee of the Department of Homeland Security to wear a face mask. 563. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for the Uniting for Ukraine program. 564. The salary of Alejandro Nicholas Mayorkas, Secretary of Homeland Security, shall be reduced to $1.00. 565. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Homeland Security to travel to outside of the United States. 566. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement the Climate Literacy Strategy. 567. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Department of Homeland Security’s Environmental Justice Strategy. 568. None of the funds made available in this Act may be made available to administer, implement, or enforce the Funding the Asylum Program With Employer Petition Fees section of the proposed rule entitled U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Fee Schedule and Changes to Certain Other Immigration Benefit Request Requirements (88 Fed. Reg. 402). 569. The salary of Jonathan Davidson, Chief of Staff of the Department of Homeland Security, shall be reduced to $1. 570. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out Executive Order No. 14019 (86 Fed. Reg. 13623; relating to promoting access to voting), except for sections 7, 8, and 10 of such Order. 571. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Homeland Intelligence Experts Group. 572. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to administer, implement, or enforce a Remain-in-Texas policy. 573. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the Department of Homeland Security memorandum titled Worksite Enforcement: The Strategy to Protect the American Labor Market, the Conditions of the American Worksite, and the Dignity of the Individual . 574. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used to terminate the Department of Homeland Security’s Migration Protection Protocols. 575. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the Department of Homeland Security memorandum titled Guidelines for Enforcement Actions in or Near Protected Areas . 576. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to implement any of the following executive orders: (1) Executive Order No. 13990, relating to Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science To Tackle the Climate Crisis. (2) Executive Order No. 14008, relating to Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad. (3) Section 6 of Executive Order No. 14013, relating to Rebuilding and Enhancing Programs To Resettle Refugees and Planning for the Impact of Climate Change on Migration. (4) Executive Order No. 14030, relating to Climate-Related Financial Risk. (5) Executive Order No. 14057, relating to Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs Through Federal Sustainability. (6) Executive Order No. 14082, relating to Implementation of the Energy and Infrastructure Provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. (7) Executive Order No. 14096, relating to Revitalizing Our Nation's Commitment to Environmental Justice for All. 577. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of section 642(a) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 ( 8 U.S.C. 1373(a) ). 578. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide assistance to the Department of Defense to house persons at military installations in the United States, except in the case of a major disaster declaration made pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq. ), or for U.S. Coast Guard personnel. This division may be cited as the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2024 . Passed the House of Representatives September 28, 2023. Cheryl L. Johnson, Clerk.

118 HR 4398 IH: Patriotism Not Pride Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-06-30 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 4398 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 30, 2023 Mr. Brecheen (for himself, Mr. Rosendale , Mr. Grothman , Ms. Greene of Georgia , Mr. Ogles , Mr. Moore of Alabama , Mr. Burchett , Mrs. Boebert , Mrs. Luna , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Burlison , Mr. Mooney , Mr. Palmer , Mr. Good of Virginia , Mr. Cloud , Mr. Moran , Mr. Norman , Mr. Biggs , and Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Accountability A BILL To prohibit certain Federal activity with respect to the promotion of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, and Intersex Pride Month and the display of flags representing sexual orientation or gender identity on Federal property or grounds, and for other purposes. 1. Short Title This Act may be cited as the Patriotism Not Pride Act . 2. Prohibition on certain Federal activity with respect to Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, and Intersex Pride Month and flags representing sexual orientation or gender identity (a) Promotion of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, and Intersex Pride Month No Federal funds may be used by an agency to develop, organize, administer, engage in, promote, or endorse any activity, including any event, initiative, official communication, social media post, educational program, or public campaign, that aims to promote or recognize Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, and Intersex Pride Month or any event with a similar theme. (b) Flags on Federal Property or Grounds No flag that represents sexual orientation or gender identity may be displayed by an agency on Federal property or grounds. (c) Definition of Agency In this section, the term agency has the meaning given the term in section 551(1) of title 5, United States Code.

118 HR 4665 PCS: Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2024 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-10-03 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II Calendar No. 222 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 4665 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES October 3, 2023 Received; read twice and placed on the calendar AN ACT Making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes, namely: I DEPARTMENT OF STATE AND RELATED AGENCY Department of State Administration of Foreign Affairs DIPLOMATIC PROGRAMS For necessary expenses of the Department of State and the Foreign Service not otherwise provided for, including for training, human resources management, and salaries, including employment without regard to civil service and classification laws of persons on a temporary basis (not to exceed $700,000), as authorized by section 801 of the United States Information and Educational Exchange Act of 1948 (62 Stat. 11; Chapter 36); for the regional bureaus of the Department of State and overseas activities as authorized by law; for the functional bureaus of the Department of State, including representation to certain international organizations in which the United States participates pursuant to treaties ratified pursuant to the advice and consent of the Senate or specific Acts of Congress, general administration, and arms control, nonproliferation, and disarmament activities as authorized; and for security activities, $8,815,620,000 (reduced by $306,505,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000), of which $712,418,000 may remain available until September 30, 2025, and of which $4,066,168,000 (reduced by $500,000) (increased by $500,000) is for Worldwide Security Protection, which may remain available until expended: Provided , That funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under this heading and under the heading Consular and Border Security Programs shall be made available to increase consular staff, reduce passport processing times, and lower wait times for visa services, including by assigning onboard staff for temporary duty to meet immediate consular staffing needs. consular and border security programs Of the amounts deposited in the Consular and Border Security Programs account in this or any prior fiscal year pursuant to section 7069(e) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2022 (division K of Public Law 117–103 ), $300,000,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) shall be available until expended for the purposes of such account, including to reduce passport backlogs and reduce visa wait times: Provided , That the Secretary of State may by regulation authorize State officials or the United States Postal Service to collect and retain the execution fee for each application for a passport accepted by such officials or by that Service. CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUND For necessary expenses of the Capital Investment Fund, as authorized, $346,210,000, to remain available until expended. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $108,165,000, of which $16,225,000 may remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading are made available notwithstanding section 209(a)(1) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 ( 22 U.S.C. 3929(a)(1) ), as it relates to post inspections. In addition, for the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) for reconstruction oversight, $26,835,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading that are made available for the printing and reproduction costs of SIGAR shall not exceed amounts for such costs during the prior fiscal year. EDUCATIONAL AND CULTURAL EXCHANGE PROGRAMS For necessary expenses of educational and cultural exchange programs, as authorized, $700,946,000, to remain available until expended, of which not less than $287,500,000 shall be for the Fulbright Program: Provided , That fees or other payments received from, or in connection with, English teaching, educational advising and counseling programs, and exchange visitor programs as authorized may be credited to this account, to remain available until expended: Provided further , That any substantive modifications from the prior fiscal year to programs funded by this Act under this heading shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. REPRESENTATION EXPENSES For representation expenses as authorized, $7,415,000. PROTECTION OF FOREIGN MISSIONS AND OFFICIALS For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided, to enable the Secretary of State to provide for extraordinary protective services, as authorized, $27,492,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. EMBASSY SECURITY, CONSTRUCTION, AND MAINTENANCE For necessary expenses for carrying out the Foreign Service Buildings Act of 1926 ( 22 U.S.C. 292 et seq. ), preserving, maintaining, repairing, and planning for real property that are owned or leased by the Department of State, and renovating, in addition to funds otherwise available, the Harry S Truman Building, $917,381,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028, of which not to exceed $25,000 may be used for overseas representation expenses as authorized: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be available for acquisition of furniture, furnishings, or generators for other departments and agencies of the United States Government. In addition, for the costs of worldwide security upgrades, acquisition, and construction as authorized, $1,095,801,000, to remain available until expended. EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SERVICE For necessary expenses to enable the Secretary of State to meet unforeseen emergencies arising in the Diplomatic and Consular Service, as authorized, $10,685,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Repatriation Loans Program Account . REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT For the cost of direct loans, $1,800,000, as authorized: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $5,167,004. PAYMENT TO THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE IN TAIWAN For necessary expenses to carry out the Taiwan Relations Act ( Public Law 96–8 ), $34,964,000. INTERNATIONAL CENTER, WASHINGTON, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA Not to exceed $1,842,732 shall be derived from fees collected from other executive agencies for lease or use of facilities at the International Center in accordance with section 4 of the International Center Act ( Public Law 90–553 ), and, in addition, as authorized by section 5 of such Act, $744,000, to be derived from the reserve authorized by such section, to be used for the purposes set out in that section. PAYMENT TO THE FOREIGN SERVICE RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY FUND For payment to the Foreign Service Retirement and Disability Fund, as authorized, $158,900,000. International organizations CONTRIBUTIONS TO INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, to meet annual obligations of membership in international multilateral organizations, pursuant to treaties ratified pursuant to the advice and consent of the Senate, conventions, or specific Acts of Congress, $245,795,000: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall, at the time of the submission of the President's budget to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, transmit to the Committees on Appropriations the most recent biennial budget prepared by the United Nations for the operations of the United Nations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall notify the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days in advance (or in an emergency, as far in advance as is practicable) of any United Nations action to increase funding for any United Nations program without identifying an offsetting decrease elsewhere in the United Nations budget: Provided further , That not later than May 1, 2024, and 30 days after the end of fiscal year 2024, the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appropriations any credits attributable to the United States, including from the United Nations Tax Equalization Fund, and provide updated fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2025 assessment costs including offsets from available credits and updated foreign currency exchange rates: Provided further , That any such credits shall only be available for United States assessed contributions to the United Nations regular budget, and the Committees on Appropriations shall be notified when such credits are applied to any assessed contribution, including any payment of arrearages: Provided further , That any notification regarding funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs submitted pursuant to section 7015 of this Act, section 34 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 ( 22 U.S.C. 2706 ), or any operating plan submitted pursuant to section 7062 of this Act, shall include an estimate of all known credits currently attributable to the United States and provide updated assessment costs including offsets from available credits and updated foreign currency exchange rates: Provided further, That any payment of arrearages under this heading shall be directed to activities that are mutually agreed upon by the United States and the respective international organization and shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for a United States contribution to an international organization for the United States share of interest costs made known to the United States Government by such organization for loans incurred on or after October 1, 1984, through external borrowings: Provided further , That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading may be made available for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency. CONTRIBUTIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL PEACEKEEPING ACTIVITIES For necessary expenses to pay assessed and other expenses of international peacekeeping activities directed to the maintenance or restoration of international peace and security, $1,268,886,000 (reduced by $667,296,000), of which $190,333,000 may remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That none of the funds made available by this Act shall be obligated or expended for any new or expanded United Nations peacekeeping mission unless, at least 15 days in advance of voting for such mission in the United Nations Security Council (or in an emergency as far in advance as is practicable), the Committees on Appropriations are notified of: (1) the estimated cost and duration of the mission, the objectives of the mission, the national interest that will be served, and the exit strategy; and (2) the sources of funds, including any reprogrammings or transfers, that will be used to pay the cost of the new or expanded mission, and the estimated cost in future fiscal years: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for obligation unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations on a peacekeeping mission-by-mission basis that the United Nations is implementing effective policies and procedures to prevent United Nations employees, contractor personnel, and peacekeeping troops serving in such mission from trafficking in persons, exploiting victims of trafficking, or committing acts of sexual exploitation and abuse or other violations of human rights, and to hold accountable individuals who engage in such acts while participating in such mission, including prosecution in their home countries and making information about such prosecutions publicly available on the website of the United Nations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall work with the United Nations and foreign governments contributing peacekeeping troops to implement effective vetting procedures to ensure that such troops have not violated human rights: Provided further, That funds shall be available for peacekeeping expenses unless the Secretary of State determines that United States manufacturers and suppliers are not being given opportunities to provide equipment, services, and material for United Nations peacekeeping activities equal to those being given to foreign manufacturers and suppliers: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading may be used for any United Nations peacekeeping mission that will involve United States Armed Forces under the command or operational control of a foreign national, unless the President's military advisors have submitted to the President a recommendation that such involvement is in the national interest of the United States and the President has submitted to Congress such a recommendation: Provided further , That not later than May 1, 2024, and 30 days after the end of fiscal year 2024, the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appropriations any credits attributable to the United States, including those resulting from United Nations peacekeeping missions or the United Nations Tax Equalization Fund, and provide updated fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2025 assessment costs, including offsets from available credits: Provided further , That any such credits shall only be available for United States assessed contributions to United Nations peacekeeping missions, and the Committees on Appropriations shall be notified when such credits are applied to any assessed contribution, including any payment of arrearages: Provided further , That any notification regarding funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs submitted pursuant to section 7015 of this Act, section 34 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 ( 22 U.S.C. 2706 ), or any operating plan submitted pursuant to section 7062 of this Act, shall include an estimate of all known credits currently attributable to the United States and provide updated assessment costs, including offsets from available credits: Provided further, That any payment of arrearages with funds appropriated by this Act shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , That the Secretary of State shall work with the United Nations and members of the United Nations Security Council to evaluate and prioritize peacekeeping missions, and to consider a draw down when mission goals have been substantially achieved. International commissions For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, to meet obligations of the United States arising under treaties, or specific Acts of Congress, as follows: INTERNATIONAL BOUNDARY AND WATER COMMISSION, UNITED STATES AND MEXICO For necessary expenses for the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commission, United States and Mexico, and to comply with laws applicable to the United States Section, including not to exceed $6,000 for representation expenses, as follows: SALARIES AND EXPENSES For salaries and expenses, not otherwise provided for, $70,000,000, of which $10,500,000 may remain available until September 30, 2025. CONSTRUCTION For detailed plan preparation and construction of authorized projects, $76,530,000, to remain available until expended, as authorized: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the United States Section, up to $5,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under the heading Salaries and Expenses to carry out the purposes of the United States Section, which shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. AMERICAN SECTIONS, INTERNATIONAL COMMISSIONS For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided, for the International Joint Commission and the International Boundary Commission, United States and Canada, as authorized by treaties between the United States and Canada or Great Britain, and for technical assistance grants and the Community Assistance Program of the North American Development Bank, $16,204,000: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading for the International Joint Commission, up to $1,250,000 may remain available until September 30, 2025, and up to $9,000 may be made available for representation expenses: Provided further, That of the amount provided under this heading for the International Boundary Commission, up to $1,000 may be made available for representation expenses. INTERNATIONAL FISHERIES COMMISSIONS For necessary expenses for international fisheries commissions, not otherwise provided for, as authorized by law, $62,864,000: Provided, That the United States share of such expenses may be advanced to the respective commissions pursuant to section 3324 of title 31, United States Code. RELATED AGENCY United States agency for global media INTERNATIONAL BROADCASTING OPERATIONS For necessary expenses to enable the United States Agency for Global Media (USAGM), as authorized, to carry out international communication activities, and to make and supervise grants for radio, Internet, and television broadcasting to the Middle East, $798,196,000, of which $39,910,000 may remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided , That in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, up to $64,208,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading may remain available until expended for satellite transmissions and Internet freedom programs, of which not less than $43,500,000 shall be for Internet freedom programs: Provided further , That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $35,000,000 shall be made available for the Office of Cuba Broadcasting (OCB) pursuant to the requirements included in section 7045 of this Act: Provided further , That of the funds appropriated under this heading and made available for the Open Technology Fund, not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for grants for innovative methods to reach audiences inside of Cuba: Provided further , That such funds are in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purposes: Provided further , That of the funds appropriated under this heading and made available for USAGM networks, not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for programming produced about Cuba by OCB, which are in addition to funds made available for OCB: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $35,000 may be used for representation expenses, of which $10,000 may be used for such expenses within the United States as authorized, and not to exceed $30,000 may be used for representation expenses of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be made available in accordance with the principles and standards set forth in section 303(a) and (b) of the United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994 ( 22 U.S.C. 6202 ) and section 305(b) of such Act ( 22 U.S.C. 6204 ): Provided further, That the USAGM Chief Executive Officer shall notify the Committees on Appropriations within 15 days of any determination by the USAGM that any of its broadcast entities, including its grantee organizations, provides an open platform for international terrorists or those who support international terrorism, or is in violation of the principles and standards set forth in section 303(a) and (b) of such Act or the entity’s journalistic code of ethics: Provided further, That in addition to funds made available under this heading, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, up to $5,000,000 in receipts from advertising and revenue from business ventures, up to $500,000 in receipts from cooperating international organizations, and up to $1,000,000 in receipts from privatization efforts of the Voice of America and the International Broadcasting Bureau, shall remain available until expended for carrying out authorized purposes: Provided further, That significant modifications to USAGM broadcast hours previously justified to Congress, including changes to transmission platforms (shortwave, medium wave, satellite, Internet, and television), for all USAGM language services shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. BROADCASTING CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS For the purchase, rent, construction, repair, preservation, and improvement of facilities for radio, television, and digital transmission and reception; the purchase, rent, and installation of necessary equipment for radio, television, and digital transmission and reception, including to Cuba, as authorized; and physical security worldwide, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, $9,700,000, to remain available until expended, as authorized. RELATED PROGRAMS The asia foundation For a grant to The Asia Foundation, as authorized by The Asia Foundation Act ( 22 U.S.C. 4402 ), $19,580,000, to remain available until expended. United States institute of peace For necessary expenses of the United States Institute of Peace, as authorized by the United States Institute of Peace Act ( 22 U.S.C. 4601 et seq. ), $38,634,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, which shall not be used for construction activities. Center for middle eastern-Western dialogue trust fund For necessary expenses of the Center for Middle Eastern-Western Dialogue Trust Fund, as authorized by section 633 of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2004 ( 22 U.S.C. 2078 ), the total amount of the interest and earnings accruing to such Fund on or before September 30, 2024, to remain available until expended. Eisenhower exchange fellowship program For necessary expenses of Eisenhower Exchange Fellowships, Incorporated, as authorized by sections 4 and 5 of the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship Act of 1990 ( 20 U.S.C. 5204–5205 ), all interest and earnings accruing to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship Program Trust Fund on or before September 30, 2024, to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated herein shall be used to pay any salary or other compensation, or to enter into any contract providing for the payment thereof, in excess of the rate authorized by section 5376 of title 5, United States Code; or for purposes which are not in accordance with section 200 of title 2 of the Code of Federal Regulations, including the restrictions on compensation for personal services. Israeli arab scholarship program For necessary expenses of the Israeli Arab Scholarship Program, as authorized by section 214 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1992 and 1993 ( 22 U.S.C. 2452 note), all interest and earnings accruing to the Israeli Arab Scholarship Fund on or before September 30, 2024, to remain available until expended. East-West center To enable the Secretary of State to provide for carrying out the provisions of the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Between East and West Act of 1960, by grant to the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Between East and West in the State of Hawaii, $19,580,000. National endowment for democracy For grants made by the Department of State to the National Endowment for Democracy, as authorized by the National Endowment for Democracy Act ( 22 U.S.C. 4412 ), $315,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $215,000,000 shall be allocated in the traditional and customary manner, including for the core institutes, and $100,000,000 shall be for democracy programs: Provided , That the requirements of section 7062(a) of this Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading. OTHER COMMISSIONS Commission for the preservation of america’s heritage abroad SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses for the Commission for the Preservation of America’s Heritage Abroad, as authorized by chapter 3123 of title 54, United States Code, $770,000, of which $115,000 may remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That the Commission may procure temporary, intermittent, and other services notwithstanding paragraph (3) of section 312304(b) of such chapter: Provided further, That such authority shall terminate on October 1, 2024: Provided further, That the Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations prior to exercising such authority. United States commission on international religious freedom SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses for the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom, as authorized by title II of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 ( 22 U.S.C. 6431 et seq. ), $4,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses. Commission on security and cooperation in europe SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, as authorized by Public Law 94–304 ( 22 U.S.C. 3001 et seq. ), $2,908,000, including not more than $6,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2025. Congressional-Executive commission on the people's republic of china SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People's Republic of China, as authorized by title III of the U.S.-China Relations Act of 2000 ( 22 U.S.C. 6911 et seq. ), $2,300,000, including not more than $3,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2025. United States-China economic and security review commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission, as authorized by section 1238 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 ( 22 U.S.C. 7002 ), $4,000,000, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That the authorities, requirements, limitations, and conditions contained in the second through fifth provisos under this heading in the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111–117 ) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2024 and shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading. II UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT Funds appropriated to the President OPERATING EXPENSES For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $1,214,808,000 (reduced by $26,199,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000), of which up to $182,221,000 may remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading and under the heading Capital Investment Fund in this title may be made available to finance the construction (including architect and engineering services), purchase, or long-term lease of offices for use by the United States Agency for International Development, unless the USAID Administrator has identified such proposed use of funds in a report submitted to the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days prior to the obligation of funds for such purposes: Provided further, That contracts or agreements entered into with funds appropriated under this heading may entail commitments for the expenditure of such funds through the following fiscal year: Provided further, That the authority of sections 610 and 109 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be exercised by the Secretary of State to transfer funds appropriated to carry out chapter 1 of part I of such Act to Operating Expenses in accordance with the provisions of those sections: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated or made available under this heading, not to exceed $250,000 may be available for representation and entertainment expenses, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be available for entertainment expenses, and not to exceed $100,500 shall be for official residence expenses, for USAID during the current fiscal year: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, up to $20,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated or otherwise made available in title II of this Act under the heading Capital Investment Fund , subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUND For necessary expenses for overseas construction and related costs, and for the procurement and enhancement of information technology and related capital investments, pursuant to section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $230,599,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That this amount is in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $87,500,000, of which up to $13,125,000 may remain available until September 30, 2025, for the Office of Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development. III BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE Funds appropriated to the President For necessary expenses to enable the President to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and for other purposes, as follows: GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of chapters 1 and 10 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, for global health activities, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, $3,623,712,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) to remain available until September 30, 2025, and which shall be apportioned directly to the United States Agency for International Development: Provided, That this amount shall be made available for training, equipment, and technical assistance to build the capacity of public health institutions and organizations in developing countries, and for such activities as: (1) child survival and maternal health programs; (2) immunization and oral rehydration programs; (3) other health, nutrition, water and sanitation programs which directly address the needs of mothers and children, and related education programs; (4) assistance for children displaced or orphaned by causes other than AIDS; (5) programs for the prevention, treatment, control of, and research on HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, polio, malaria, and other infectious diseases including neglected tropical diseases, and for assistance to communities severely affected by HIV/AIDS, including children infected or affected by AIDS; (6) disaster preparedness training for health crises; (7) programs to prevent, prepare for, and respond to unanticipated and emerging global health threats; and (8) family planning/reproductive health: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this paragraph may be made available for a United States contribution to The GAVI Alliance: Provided further, That none of the funds made available in this Act nor any unobligated balances from prior appropriations Acts may be made available to any organization or program which, as determined by the President of the United States, supports or participates in the management of a program of coercive abortion or involuntary sterilization: Provided further, That any determination made under the previous proviso must be made not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and must be accompanied by the evidence and criteria utilized to make the determination: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this Act may be used to pay for the performance of abortion as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions: Provided further, That nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to alter any existing statutory prohibitions against abortion under section 104 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this Act may be used to lobby for or against abortion: Provided further, That in order to reduce reliance on abortion in developing nations, funds shall be available only to voluntary family planning projects which offer, either directly or through referral to, or information about access to, a broad range of family planning methods and services, and that any such voluntary family planning project shall meet the following requirements: (1) service providers or referral agents in the project shall not implement or be subject to quotas, or other numerical targets, of total number of births, number of family planning acceptors, or acceptors of a particular method of family planning (this provision shall not be construed to include the use of quantitative estimates or indicators for budgeting and planning purposes); (2) the project shall not include payment of incentives, bribes, gratuities, or financial reward to: (A) an individual in exchange for becoming a family planning acceptor; or (B) program personnel for achieving a numerical target or quota of total number of births, number of family planning acceptors, or acceptors of a particular method of family planning; (3) the project shall not deny any right or benefit, including the right of access to participate in any program of general welfare or the right of access to health care, as a consequence of any individual's decision not to accept family planning services; (4) the project shall provide family planning acceptors comprehensible information on the health benefits and risks of the method chosen, including those conditions that might render the use of the method inadvisable and those adverse side effects known to be consequent to the use of the method; and (5) the project shall ensure that experimental contraceptive drugs and devices and medical procedures are provided only in the context of a scientific study in which participants are advised of potential risks and benefits; and, not less than 60 days after the date on which the USAID Administrator determines that there has been a violation of the requirements contained in paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (5) of this proviso, or a pattern or practice of violations of the requirements contained in paragraph (4) of this proviso, the Administrator shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report containing a description of such violation and the corrective action taken by the Agency: Provided further, That in awarding grants for natural family planning under section 104 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 no applicant shall be discriminated against because of such applicant's religious or conscientious commitment to offer only natural family planning; and, additionally, all such applicants shall comply with the requirements of the previous proviso: Provided further, That for purposes of this or any other Act authorizing or appropriating funds for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, the term motivate , as it relates to family planning assistance, shall not be construed to prohibit the provision, consistent with local law, of information or counseling about all pregnancy options: Provided further, That information provided about the use of condoms as part of projects or activities that are funded from amounts appropriated by this Act shall be medically accurate and shall include the public health benefits and failure rates of such use. In addition, for necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for the prevention, treatment, and control of, and research on, HIV/AIDS, $6,395,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028, which shall be apportioned directly to the Department of State: Provided, That funds appropriated under this paragraph may be made available, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except for the United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 ( Public Law 108–25 ), for a United States contribution to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria (Global Fund): Provided further, That the amount of such contribution shall be $2,000,000,000: Provided further, That up to 5 percent of the aggregate amount of funds made available to the Global Fund in fiscal year 2024 may be made available to USAID for technical assistance related to the activities of the Global Fund, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this paragraph, up to $20,000,000 may be made available, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, for administrative expenses of the Office of the United States Global AIDS Coordinator. DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of sections 103, 105, 106, 214, and sections 251 through 255, and chapter 10 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $3,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be apportioned to the United States Agency for International Development. INTERNATIONAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 491 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for international disaster relief, rehabilitation, and reconstruction assistance, $3,905,460,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be apportioned to the United States Agency for International Development not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. TRANSITION INITIATIVES For necessary expenses for international disaster rehabilitation and reconstruction assistance administered by the Office of Transition Initiatives, United States Agency for International Development, pursuant to section 491 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and to support transition to democracy and long-term development of countries in crisis, $80,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such support may include assistance to develop, strengthen, or preserve democratic institutions and processes, revitalize basic infrastructure, and foster the peaceful resolution of conflict: Provided further , That funds appropriated under this heading may not be made available for programs for which the sole purpose is to transport individuals: Provided further, That the USAID Administrator shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations at least 5 days prior to beginning a new, or terminating a, program of assistance: Provided further, That if the Secretary of State determines that it is important to the national interest of the United States to provide transition assistance in excess of the amount appropriated under this heading, up to $15,000,000 of the funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be used for purposes of this heading and under the authorities applicable to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the previous proviso shall be made available subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. COMPLEX CRISES FUND For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 509(b) of the Global Fragility Act of 2019 (title V of division J of Public Law 116–94 ), $30,000,000 (increased by $45,000,000) (reduced by $45,000,000), to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law, except sections 7007, 7008, and 7018 of this Act and section 620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be apportioned to the United States Agency for International Development. ECONOMIC SUPPORT FUND For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $2,977,850,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. DEMOCRACY FUND For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for the promotion of democracy globally, including to carry out the purposes of section 502(b)(3) and (5) of Public Law 98–164 ( 22 U.S.C. 4411 ), $210,700,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, which shall be made available for the Human Rights and Democracy Fund of the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading that are made available to the National Endowment for Democracy and its core institutes are in addition to amounts otherwise made available by this Act for such purposes: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to the initial obligation of funds appropriated under this paragraph. For an additional amount for such purposes, $145,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, which shall be made available for the Bureau for Development, Democracy, and Innovation, United States Agency for International Development. ASSISTANCE FOR EUROPE, EURASIA AND CENTRAL ASIA For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the FREEDOM Support Act ( Public Law 102–511 ), and the Support for Eastern European Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 ( Public Law 101–179 ), $770,334,000 (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2025, which shall be available, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except section 7047 of this Act, for assistance and related programs for countries identified in section 3 of the FREEDOM Support Act ( 22 U.S.C. 5801 ) and section 3(c) of the SEED Act of 1989 ( 22 U.S.C. 5402 ), in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Global Health Programs , Economic Support Fund , and International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement that are made available for assistance for such countries shall be administered in accordance with the responsibilities of the coordinator designated pursuant to section 102 of the FREEDOM Support Act and section 601 of the SEED Act of 1989: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be considered to be economic assistance under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for purposes of making available the administrative authorities contained in that Act for the use of economic assistance: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for contributions to multilateral initiatives to counter hybrid threats. Department of State MIGRATION AND REFUGEE ASSISTANCE For necessary expenses not otherwise provided for, to enable the Secretary of State to carry out the provisions of section 2(a) and (b) of the Migration and Refugee Assistance Act of 1962 ( 22 U.S.C. 2601 ), and other activities to meet refugee and migration needs; salaries and expenses of personnel and dependents as authorized by the Foreign Service Act of 1980 ( 22 U.S.C. 3901 et seq. ); allowances as authorized by sections 5921 through 5925 of title 5, United States Code; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $2,548,250,000, to remain available until expended, of which not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for refugees resettling in Israel. Independent agencies PEACE CORPS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Peace Corps Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2501 et seq. ), including the purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles for administrative purposes for use outside of the United States, $410,500,000, of which $7,300,000 (increased by $2,700,000) is for the Office of Inspector General, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That the Director of the Peace Corps may transfer to the Foreign Currency Fluctuations Account, as authorized by section 16 of the Peace Corps Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2515 ), an amount not to exceed $5,000,000: Provided further, That funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso may not be derived from amounts made available for Peace Corps overseas operations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $104,000 may be available for representation expenses, of which not to exceed $4,000 may be made available for entertainment expenses: Provided further, That in addition to the requirements under section 7015(a) of this Act, the Peace Corps shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to any decision to open, close, or suspend a domestic or overseas office or a country program unless there is a substantial risk to volunteers or other Peace Corps personnel: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to pay for abortions: Provided further, That notwithstanding the previous proviso, section 614 of division E of Public Law 113–76 shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading. MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 ( 22 U.S.C. 7701 et seq. ) (MCA), $905,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, up to $122,000,000 may be available for administrative expenses of the Millennium Challenge Corporation: Provided further, That section 605(e) of the MCA ( 22 U.S.C. 7704(e) ) shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for a Millennium Challenge Compact entered into pursuant to section 609 of the MCA ( 22 U.S.C. 7708 ) only if such Compact obligates, or contains a commitment to obligate subject to the availability of funds and the mutual agreement of the parties to the Compact to proceed, the entire amount of the United States Government funding anticipated for the duration of the Compact: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $100,000 may be available for representation and entertainment expenses, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be available for entertainment expenses. INTER-AMERICAN FOUNDATION For necessary expenses to carry out the functions of the Inter-American Foundation in accordance with the provisions of section 401 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1969, $22,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $2,000 may be available for representation expenses. UNITED STATES AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION For necessary expenses to carry out the African Development Foundation Act (title V of Public Law 96–533 ; 22 U.S.C. 290h et seq. ), $30,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, of which not to exceed $2,000 may be available for representation expenses: Provided, That funds made available to grantees may be invested pending expenditure for project purposes when authorized by the Board of Directors of the United States African Development Foundation (USADF): Provided further, That interest earned shall be used only for the purposes for which the grant was made: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 505(a)(2) of the African Development Foundation Act ( 22 U.S.C. 290h–3(a)(2) ), in exceptional circumstances the Board of Directors of the USADF may waive the $250,000 limitation contained in that section with respect to a project and a project may exceed the limitation by up to 10 percent if the increase is due solely to foreign currency fluctuation: Provided further, That the USADF shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees after each time such waiver authority is exercised: Provided further, That the USADF may make rent or lease payments in advance from appropriations available for such purpose for offices, buildings, grounds, and quarters in Africa as may be necessary to carry out its functions: Provided further, That the USADF may maintain bank accounts outside the United States Treasury and retain any interest earned on such accounts, in furtherance of the purposes of the African Development Foundation Act: Provided further, That the USADF may not withdraw any appropriation from the Treasury prior to the need of spending such funds for program purposes. Department of the treasury INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 129 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which not more than $6,000,000 may be used for administrative expenses: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may be made available to contract for services as described in section 129(d)(3)(A) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, without regard to the location in which such services are performed. DEBT RESTRUCTURING For Bilateral Economic Assistance—Department of the Treasury—Debt Restructuring there is appropriated $46,280,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027, for the costs, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of modifying loans and loan guarantees for, or credits extended to, such countries as the President may determine, including the costs of selling, reducing, or canceling amounts owed to the United States pursuant to multilateral debt restructurings, including Paris Club debt restructurings and the Common Framework for Debt Treatments beyond the Debt Service Suspension Initiative : Provided, That such amounts may be used notwithstanding any other provision of law. TROPICAL FOREST AND CORAL REEF CONSERVATION For the costs, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of modifying loans and loan guarantees, as the President may determine, for which funds have been appropriated or otherwise made available for programs within the International Affairs Budget Function 150, including the costs of selling, reducing, or canceling amounts owed to the United States as a result of concessional loans made to eligible countries pursuant to part V of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027. IV INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE Department of State INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL AND LAW ENFORCEMENT For necessary expenses to carry out section 481 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $1,497,469,000 (increased by $3,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That the Department of State may use the authority of section 608 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, without regard to its restrictions, to receive excess property from an agency of the United States Government for the purpose of providing such property to a foreign country or international organization under chapter 8 of part I of such Act, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That section 482(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading, except that any funds made available notwithstanding such section shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be made available to support training and technical assistance for foreign law enforcement, corrections, judges, and other judicial authorities, utilizing regional partners: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading that are transferred to another department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government pursuant to section 632(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 valued in excess of $5,000,000, and any agreement made pursuant to section 632(a) of such Act, shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for Program Development and Support may be made available notwithstanding pre-obligation requirements contained in this Act, except for the notification requirements of section 7015. NONPROLIFERATION, ANTI-TERRORISM, DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS For necessary expenses for nonproliferation, anti-terrorism, demining and related programs and activities, $921,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, to carry out the provisions of chapter 8 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for anti-terrorism assistance, chapter 9 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 504 of the FREEDOM Support Act ( 22 U.S.C. 5854 ), section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2763 ), or the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for demining activities, the clearance of unexploded ordnance, the destruction of small arms, and related activities, notwithstanding any other provision of law, including activities implemented through nongovernmental and international organizations, and section 301 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for a United States contribution to the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Preparatory Commission, and for a voluntary contribution to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA): Provided, That funds made available under this heading for the Nonproliferation and Disarmament Fund shall be made available, notwithstanding any other provision of law and subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations, to promote bilateral and multilateral activities relating to nonproliferation, disarmament, and weapons destruction, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That such funds may also be used for such countries other than the Independent States of the former Soviet Union and international organizations when it is in the national security interest of the United States to do so: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for the IAEA unless the Secretary of State determines that Israel is being denied its right to participate in the activities of that Agency: Provided further, That funds made available for conventional weapons destruction programs, including demining and related activities, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, may be used for administrative expenses related to the operation and management of such programs and activities, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. PEACEKEEPING OPERATIONS For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 551 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $420,458,000, of which $301,133,000 may remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used, notwithstanding section 660 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, to provide assistance to enhance the capacity of foreign civilian security forces, including gendarmes, to participate in peacekeeping operations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $30,000,000 shall be made available for a United States contribution to the Multinational Force and Observers mission in the Sinai: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available to pay assessed expenses of international peacekeeping activities in Somalia under the same terms and conditions, as applicable, as funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Contributions for International Peacekeeping Activities : Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. Funds appropriated to the President INTERNATIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION AND TRAINING For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 541 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $125,425,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That the civilian personnel for whom military education and training may be provided under this heading may include civilians who are not members of a government whose participation would contribute to improved civil-military relations, civilian control of the military, or respect for human rights: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $3,500,000 shall remain available until expended to increase the participation of women in programs and activities funded under this heading, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $50,000 may be available for entertainment expenses. FOREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PROGRAM For necessary expenses for grants to enable the President to carry out the provisions of section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2763 ), $6,703,049,000: Provided, That to expedite the provision of assistance to foreign countries and international organizations, the Secretary of State, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations and subject to the regular notification procedures of such Committees, may use the funds appropriated under this heading to procure defense articles and services to enhance the capacity of foreign security forces: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading shall be nonrepayable notwithstanding any requirement in section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading shall be obligated upon apportionment in accordance with paragraph (5)(C) of section 1501(a) of title 31, United States Code. None of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to finance the procurement of defense articles, defense services, or design and construction services that are not sold by the United States Government under the Arms Export Control Act unless the foreign country proposing to make such procurement has first signed an agreement with the United States Government specifying the conditions under which such procurement may be financed with such funds: Provided, That all country and funding level increases in allocations shall be submitted through the regular notification procedures of section 7015 of this Act: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for demining, the clearance of unexploded ordnance, and related activities, and may include activities implemented through nongovernmental and international organizations: Provided further, That a country that is a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) or is a major non-NATO ally designated by section 517(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may utilize funds made available under this heading for procurement of defense articles, defense services, or design and construction services that are not sold by the United States Government under the Arms Export Control Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be expended at the minimum rate necessary to make timely payment for defense articles and services: Provided further, That not more than $72,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading may be obligated for necessary expenses, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only for use outside of the United States, for the general costs of administering military assistance and sales, except that this limitation may be exceeded only through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading for general costs of administering military assistance and sales, not to exceed $4,000 may be available for entertainment expenses and not to exceed $130,000 may be available for representation expenses: Provided further, That not more than $1,541,392,546 of funds realized pursuant to section 21(e)(1)(A) of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2761(e)(1)(A) ) may be obligated for expenses incurred by the Department of Defense during fiscal year 2024 pursuant to section 43(b) of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2792(b) ), except that this limitation may be exceeded only through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. V MULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE International financial institutions GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT FACILITY For payment to the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development as trustee for the Global Environment Facility by the Secretary of the Treasury, $139,575,000, to remain available until expended. CONTRIBUTION TO THE INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT For payment to the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development by the Secretary of the Treasury for the United States share of the paid-in portion of the increases in capital stock, $206,500,000, to remain available until expended. LIMITATION ON CALLABLE CAPITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS The United States Governor of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development may subscribe without fiscal year limitation to the callable capital portion of the United States share of increases in capital stock in an amount not to exceed $1,421,275,728.70. CONTRIBUTION TO THE INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION For payment to the International Development Association by the Secretary of the Treasury, $1,097,010,000, to remain available until expended. CONTRIBUTION TO THE ASIAN DEVELOPMENT FUND For payment to the Asian Development Bank's Asian Development Fund by the Secretary of the Treasury, $43,610,000, to remain available until expended. CONTRIBUTION TO THE AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK For payment to the African Development Bank by the Secretary of the Treasury for the United States share of the paid-in portion of the increases in capital stock, $32,417,000, to remain available until expended. LIMITATION ON CALLABLE CAPITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS The United States Governor of the African Development Bank may subscribe without fiscal year limitation to the callable capital portion of the United States share of increases in capital stock in an amount not to exceed $856,174,624. CONTRIBUTION TO THE INTERNATIONAL FUND FOR AGRICULTURAL DEVELOPMENT For payment to the International Fund for Agricultural Development by the Secretary of the Treasury, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended. VI EXPORT AND INVESTMENT ASSISTANCE Export-Import bank of the United States INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $8,860,000, of which up to $1,329,000 may remain available until September 30, 2025. PROGRAM ACCOUNT The Export-Import Bank of the United States is authorized to make such expenditures within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to such corporation, and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the program for the current fiscal year for such corporation: Provided, That none of the funds available during the current fiscal year may be used to make expenditures, contracts, or commitments for the export of nuclear equipment, fuel, or technology to any country, other than a nuclear-weapon state as defined in Article IX of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons eligible to receive economic or military assistance under this Act, that has detonated a nuclear explosive after the date of enactment of this Act. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES For administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan and insurance programs, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and not to exceed $30,000 for official reception and representation expenses for members of the Board of Directors, not to exceed $125,000,000, of which up to $18,750,000 may remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That the Export-Import Bank (the Bank) may accept, and use, payment or services provided by transaction participants for legal, financial, or technical services in connection with any transaction for which an application for a loan, guarantee or insurance commitment has been made: Provided further, That notwithstanding subsection (b) of section 117 of the Export Enhancement Act of 1992, subsection (a) of such section shall remain in effect until September 30, 2024: Provided further, That the Bank shall charge fees for necessary expenses (including special services performed on a contract or fee basis, but not including other personal services) in connection with the collection of moneys owed the Bank, repossession or sale of pledged collateral or other assets acquired by the Bank in satisfaction of moneys owed the Bank, or the investigation or appraisal of any property, or the evaluation of the legal, financial, or technical aspects of any transaction for which an application for a loan, guarantee or insurance commitment has been made, or systems infrastructure directly supporting transactions: Provided further, That in addition to other funds appropriated for administrative expenses, such fees shall be credited to this account for such purposes, to remain available until expended. Program Budget Appropriations For the cost of direct loans, loan guarantees, insurance, and tied-aid grants as authorized by section 10 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended, not to exceed $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027: Provided , That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further , That such funds shall remain available until September 30, 2039, for the disbursement of direct loans, loan guarantees, insurance and tied-aid grants obligated in fiscal years 2024 through 2027. RECEIPTS COLLECTED Receipts collected pursuant to the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 ( Public Law 79–173 ) and the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, in an amount not to exceed the amount appropriated herein, shall be credited as offsetting collections to this account: Provided, That the sums herein appropriated from the General Fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis by such offsetting collections so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the General Fund estimated at $0. United States international development finance corporation INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $7,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. CORPORATE CAPITAL ACCOUNT The United States International Development Finance Corporation (the Corporation) is authorized to make such expenditures and commitments within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accordance with the law, and to make such expenditures and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs for the current fiscal year for the Corporation: Provided, That for necessary expenses of the activities described in subsections (b), (c), (e), (f), and (g) of section 1421 of the BUILD Act of 2018 (division F of Public Law 115–254 ) and for administrative expenses to carry out authorized activities and project-specific transaction costs described in section 1434(d) of such Act, $769,029,000: Provided further, That of the amount provided— (1) $198,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, for administrative expenses to carry out authorized activities (including an amount for official reception and representation expenses which shall not exceed $25,000) and project-specific transaction costs as described in section 1434(k) of such Act; and (2) $571,029,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, for the activities described in subsections (b), (c), (e), (f), and (g) of section 1421 of the BUILD Act of 2018, except such amounts obligated in a fiscal year for activities described in section 1421(c) of such Act shall remain available for disbursement for the term of the underlying project: Provided further, That amounts made available under this paragraph may be paid to the United States International Development Finance Corporation—Program Account for programs authorized by subsections (b), (e), (f), and (g) of section 1421 of the BUILD Act of 2018: Provided further, That funds may only be obligated pursuant to section 1421(g) of the BUILD Act of 2018 subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for support by the Corporation in upper-middle income countries shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2024 collections of amounts described in section 1434(h) of the BUILD Act of 2018 shall be credited as offsetting collections to this appropriation: Provided further, That such collections collected in fiscal year 2024 in excess of $769,029,000 shall be credited to this account and shall be available in future fiscal years only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2024, if such collections are less than $769,029,000, receipts collected pursuant to the BUILD Act of 2018 and the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, in an amount equal to such shortfall, shall be credited as offsetting collections to this appropriation: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading may not be used to provide any type of assistance that is otherwise prohibited by any other provision of law or to provide assistance to any foreign country that is otherwise prohibited by any other provision of law: Provided further, That the sums herein appropriated from the General Fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis by the offsetting collections described under this heading so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the General Fund estimated at $558,000,000. PROGRAM ACCOUNT Amounts paid from United States International Development Finance Corporation—Corporate Capital Account (CCA) shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That amounts paid to this account from CCA or transferred to this account pursuant to section 1434(j) of the BUILD Act of 2018 (division F of Public Law 115–254 ) shall be available for the costs of direct and guaranteed loans provided by the Corporation pursuant to section 1421(b) of such Act and the costs of modifying loans and loan guarantees transferred to the Corporation pursuant to section 1463 of such Act: Provided further, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such amounts obligated in a fiscal year shall remain available for disbursement for the following 8 fiscal years: Provided further, That funds made available in this Act and transferred to carry out the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 pursuant to section 1434(j) of the BUILD Act of 2018 may remain available for obligation for 1 additional fiscal year: Provided further, That the total loan principal or guaranteed principal amount shall not exceed $10,000,000,000. Trade and development agency For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 661 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $87,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, of which no more than $21,000,000 may be used for administrative expenses: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not more than $5,000 may be available for representation and entertainment expenses. VII GENERAL PROVISIONS ALLOWANCES AND DIFFERENTIALS 7001. Funds appropriated under title I of this Act shall be available, except as otherwise provided, for allowances and differentials as authorized by sub chapter 59 of title 5, United States Code; for services as authorized by section 3109 of such title and for hire of passenger transportation pursuant to section 1343(b) of title 31, United States Code. UNOBLIGATED BALANCES REPORT 7002. Any department or agency of the United States Government to which funds are appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations a quarterly accounting of cumulative unobligated balances and obligated, but unexpended, balances by program, project, and activity, and Treasury Account Fund Symbol of all funds received by such department or agency in fiscal year 2024 or any previous fiscal year, disaggregated by fiscal year: Provided, That the report required by this section shall be submitted not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter and should specify by account the amount of funds obligated pursuant to bilateral agreements which have not been further sub-obligated. CONSULTING SERVICES 7003. The expenditure of any appropriation under title I of this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract, pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. DIPLOMATIC FACILITIES 7004. (a) Capital security cost sharing exception Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of section 604(e) of the Secure Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (title VI of division A of H.R. 3427, as enacted into law by section 1000(a)(7) of Public Law 106–113 and contained in appendix G of that Act), as amended by section 111 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–323 ), a project to construct a facility of the United States may include office space or other accommodations for members of the United States Marine Corps. (b) Consultation and notification Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, which may be made available for the acquisition of property or award of construction contracts for overseas United States diplomatic facilities during fiscal year 2024, shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That notifications pursuant to this subsection shall include the information enumerated under the heading Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance in the report accompanying this Act. (c) Interim and temporary facilities abroad (1) Security vulnerabilities Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance may be made available, following consultation with the appropriate congressional committees, to address security vulnerabilities at interim and temporary United States diplomatic facilities abroad, including physical security upgrades and local guard staffing. (2) Consultation Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the opening, closure, or any significant modification to an interim or temporary United States diplomatic facility shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, except that such consultation and notification may be waived if there is a security risk to personnel. (d) Soft targets Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance may be made available for security upgrades to soft targets, including schools, recreational facilities, residences, and places of worship used by United States diplomatic personnel and their dependents. (e) Limitation on Art in Embassies Section 5112 of the Department of State Authorization Act of 2021 (title LI of division E of Public Law 117–81 ) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2024, notwithstanding subsection (c) of such section. PERSONNEL ACTIONS 7005. Any costs incurred by a department or agency funded under title I of this Act resulting from personnel actions taken in response to funding reductions included in this Act shall be absorbed within the total budgetary resources available under title I to such department or agency: Provided, That the authority to transfer funds between appropriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addition to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That use of funds to carry out this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 7015 of this Act. PROHIBITION ON PUBLICITY OR PROPAGANDA 7006. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes within the United States not authorized before enactment of this Act by Congress: Provided, That up to $25,000 may be made available to carry out the provisions of section 316 of the International Security and Development Cooperation Act of 1980 ( Public Law 96–533 ; 22 U.S.C. 2151a note). PROHIBITION AGAINST DIRECT FUNDING FOR CERTAIN COUNTRIES 7007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act shall be obligated or expended to finance directly any assistance or reparations for the governments of Cuba, North Korea, Iran, or Syria: Provided, That for purposes of this section, the prohibition on obligations or expenditures shall include direct loans, credits, insurance, and guarantees of the Export-Import Bank or its agents. COUPS D’ÉTAT 7008. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act shall be obligated or expended to finance directly any assistance to the government of any country whose duly elected head of government is deposed by military coup d'état or decree or, after the date of enactment of this Act, a coup d'état or decree in which the military plays a decisive role: Provided, That assistance may be resumed to such government if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that subsequent to the termination of assistance a democratically elected government has taken office: Provided further, That the provisions of this section shall not apply to assistance to promote democratic elections or public participation in democratic processes, or to support a democratic transition: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the previous provisos shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. TRANSFER OF FUNDS AUTHORITY 7009. (a) Department of state and united states agency for global media (1) Department of state (A) In general Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of State under title I of this Act may be transferred between, and merged with, such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers, and no such transfer may be made to increase the appropriation under the heading Representation Expenses . (B) Embassy security Funds appropriated under the headings Diplomatic Programs , including for Worldwide Security Protection, Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance , and Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service in this Act may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under such headings if the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is necessary to implement the recommendations of the Benghazi Accountability Review Board, for emergency evacuations, or to prevent or respond to security situations and requirements, following consultation with, and subject to the regular notification procedures of, such Committees. (C) Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service Of the amount made available under the heading Diplomatic Programs for Worldwide Security Protection, not to exceed $50,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available by this Act under the heading Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service , to be available only for emergency evacuations and rewards, as authorized. (D) Capital Investment Fund Of the amount made available under the heading, Diplomatic Programs , up to $43,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available in title I of this Act under the heading Capital Investment Fund . (E) Prior consultation The transfer authorities provided by subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) are in addition to any transfer authority otherwise available in this Act and under any other provision of law and the exercise of such authority shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (2) United states agency for global media Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the United States Agency for Global Media under title I of this Act may be transferred between, and merged with, such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. (3) Treatment as reprogramming Any transfer pursuant to this subsection shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 7015 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. (b) Limitation on transfers of funds between agencies (1) In general None of the funds made available under titles II through V of this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. (2) Allocation and transfers Notwithstanding paragraph (1), in addition to transfers made by, or authorized elsewhere in, this Act, funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the purposes of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be allocated or transferred to agencies of the United States Government pursuant to the provisions of sections 109, 610, and 632 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and section 1434(j) of the BUILD Act of 2018 (division F of Public Law 115–254 ). (3) Notification Any agreement entered into by the United States Agency for International Development or the Department of State with any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government pursuant to section 632(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 valued in excess of $1,000,000 and any agreement made pursuant to section 632(a) of such Act, with funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings Global Health Programs , Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , and Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That the requirement in the previous sentence shall not apply to agreements entered into between USAID and the Department of State. (c) United states international development finance corporation (1) Transfers Amounts transferred pursuant to section 1434(j) of the BUILD Act of 2018 (division F of Public Law 115–254 ) may only be transferred from funds made available under title III of this Act: Provided, That any such transfers, and any amounts transferred to the United States International Development Finance Corporation (the Corporation) pursuant to section 632 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, as appropriate, shall ensure that the programs funded by such transfers are coordinated with, and complement, foreign assistance programs implemented by the Department of State and USAID. (2) Transfer of funds from millennium challenge corporation Funds appropriated under the heading Millennium Challenge Corporation in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be transferred to accounts under the heading United States International Development Finance Corporation and, when so transferred, may be used for the costs of activities described in subsections (b) and (c) of section 1421 of the BUILD Act of 2018: Provided, That such funds shall be subject to the limitations provided in the second, third, and fifth provisos under the heading United States International Development Finance Corporation—Program Account in this Act: Provided further, That any transfer executed pursuant to the transfer authority provided in this paragraph shall not exceed 10 percent of an individual Compact awarded pursuant to section 609(a) of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (title VI of Public Law 108–199 ): Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for administrative expenses of the United States International Development Finance Corporation: Provided further, That such authority shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That within 60 days of the termination in whole or in part of the Compact from which funds were transferred under this authority to the United States International Development Finance Corporation, any unobligated balances shall be transferred back to the Millennium Challenge Corporation, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (d) Transfer of funds between accounts None of the funds made available under titles II through V of this Act may be obligated under an appropriations account to which such funds were not appropriated, except for transfers specifically provided for in this Act, unless the President, not less than 5 days prior to the exercise of any authority contained in the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to transfer funds, consults with and provides a written policy justification to the Committees on Appropriations. (e) Audit of inter-Agency transfers of funds Any agreement for the transfer or allocation of funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs entered into between the Department of State or USAID and another agency of the United States Government under the authority of section 632(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, or any comparable provision of law, shall expressly provide that the Inspector General (IG) for the agency receiving the transfer or allocation of such funds, or other entity with audit responsibility if the receiving agency does not have an IG, shall perform periodic program and financial audits of the use of such funds and report to the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate, upon completion of such audits: Provided, That such audits shall be transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations by the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate: Provided further, That funds transferred under such authority may be made available for the cost of such audits. PROHIBITION AND LIMITATION ON CERTAIN EXPENSES 7010. (a) First-Class travel None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for first-class travel by employees of United States Government departments and agencies funded by this Act in contravention of section 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) Computer networks None of the funds made available by this Act for the operating expenses of any United States Government department or agency may be used to establish or maintain a computer network for use by such department or agency unless such network has filters designed to block access to sexually explicit websites: Provided, That nothing in this subsection shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency, or any other entity carrying out the following activities: criminal investigations, prosecutions, and adjudications; administrative discipline; and the monitoring of such websites undertaken as part of official business. (c) Prohibition on promotion of tobacco None of the funds made available by this Act should be available to promote the sale or export of tobacco or tobacco products (including electronic nicotine delivery systems), or to seek the reduction or removal by any foreign country of restrictions on the marketing of tobacco or tobacco products (including electronic nicotine delivery systems), except for restrictions which are not applied equally to all tobacco or tobacco products (including electronic nicotine delivery systems) of the same type. (d) Email servers outside the .gov domain None of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Diplomatic Programs and Capital Investment Fund in title I, and Operating Expenses and Capital Investment Fund in title II that are made available to the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development may be made available to support the use or establishment of email accounts or email servers created outside the .gov domain or not fitted for automated records management as part of a Federal government records management program in contravention of the Presidential and Federal Records Act Amendments of 2014 ( Public Law 113–187 ). (e) Representation and entertainment expenses Each Federal department, agency, or entity funded in titles I or II of this Act, and the Department of the Treasury and independent agencies funded in titles III or VI of this Act, shall take steps to ensure that domestic and overseas representation and entertainment expenses further official agency business and United States foreign policy interests, and— (1) are primarily for fostering relations outside of the Executive Branch; (2) are principally for meals and events of a protocol nature; (3) are not for employee-only events; and (4) do not include activities that are substantially of a recreational character. (f) Limitations on entertainment expenses None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the headings International Military Education and Training or Foreign Military Financing Program for Informational Program activities or under the headings Global Health Programs , Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , and Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia may be obligated or expended to pay for— (1) alcoholic beverages; or (2) entertainment expenses for activities that are substantially of a recreational character, including entrance fees at sporting events, theatrical and musical productions, and amusement parks. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS 7011. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation after the expiration of the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided by this Act: Provided, That funds appropriated for the purposes of chapters 1 and 8 of part I, section 661, chapters 4, 5, 6, 8, and 9 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2763 ), and funds made available for United States International Development Finance Corporation and under the heading Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia shall remain available for an additional 4 years from the date on which the availability of such funds would otherwise have expired, if such funds are initially obligated before the expiration of their respective periods of availability contained in this Act: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, any funds made available for the purposes of chapter 1 of part I and chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 which are allocated or obligated for cash disbursements in order to address balance of payments or economic policy reform objectives, shall remain available for an additional 4 years from the date on which the availability of such funds would otherwise have expired, if such funds are initially allocated or obligated before the expiration of their respective periods of availability contained in this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall provide a report to the Committees on Appropriations not later than October 31, 2024, detailing by account and source year, the use of this authority during the previous fiscal year: Provided further, That any funds obligated for an additional period of availability pursuant to this section in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That any notification submitted pursuant to the previous proviso shall indicate the source year of funds, the purpose of initial obligation, the reason for de-obligation, and the purpose for re-obligation. LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE TO COUNTRIES IN DEFAULT 7012. No part of any appropriation provided under titles III through VI in this Act shall be used to furnish assistance to the government of any country which is in default during a period in excess of 1 calendar year in payment to the United States of principal or interest on any loan made to the government of such country by the United States pursuant to a program for which funds are appropriated under this Act unless the President determines, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations, that assistance for such country is in the national interest of the United States. PROHIBITION ON TAXATION OF UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE 7013. (a) Prohibition on taxation None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be made available to provide assistance for a foreign country under a new bilateral agreement governing the terms and conditions under which such assistance is to be provided unless such agreement includes a provision stating that assistance provided by the United States shall be exempt from taxation, or reimbursed, by the foreign government, and the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall expeditiously seek to negotiate amendments to existing bilateral agreements, as necessary, to conform with this requirement. (b) Notification and reimbursement of foreign taxes An amount equivalent to 200 percent of the total taxes assessed during fiscal year 2024 on funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs by a foreign government or entity against United States assistance programs, either directly or through grantees, contractors, and subcontractors, shall be withheld from obligation from funds appropriated for assistance for fiscal year 2025 and for prior fiscal years and allocated for the central government of such country or for the West Bank and Gaza program, as applicable, if, not later than September 30, 2025, such taxes have not been reimbursed. (c) De minimis exception Foreign taxes of a de minimis nature shall not be subject to the provisions of subsection (b). (d) Reprogramming of funds Funds withheld from obligation for each foreign government or entity pursuant to subsection (b) shall be reprogrammed for assistance for countries which do not assess taxes on United States assistance or which have an effective arrangement that is providing substantial reimbursement of such taxes, and that can reasonably accommodate such assistance in a programmatically responsible manner. (e) Determinations (1) In general The provisions of this section shall not apply to any foreign government or entity that assesses such taxes if the Secretary of State reports to the Committees on Appropriations that— (A) such foreign government or entity has an effective arrangement that is providing substantial reimbursement of such taxes; or (B) the foreign policy interests of the United States outweigh the purpose of this section to ensure that United States assistance is not subject to taxation. (2) Consultation The Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days prior to exercising the authority of this subsection with regard to any foreign government or entity. (f) Implementation The Secretary of State shall issue and update rules, regulations, or policy guidance, as appropriate, to implement the prohibition against the taxation of assistance contained in this section. (g) Definitions As used in this section: (1) Bilateral agreement The term bilateral agreement refers to a framework bilateral agreement between the Government of the United States and the government of the country receiving assistance that describes the privileges and immunities applicable to United States foreign assistance for such country generally, or an individual agreement between the Government of the United States and such government that describes, among other things, the treatment for tax purposes that will be accorded the United States assistance provided under that agreement. (2) Taxes and taxation The term taxes and taxation shall include value added taxes and customs duties but shall not include individual income taxes assessed to local staff. RESERVATIONS OF FUNDS 7014. (a) Extension of availability The original period of availability of funds appropriated by this Act and administered by the Department of State or the United States Agency for International Development that are specifically designated for particular programs or activities by this or any other Act may be extended for an additional fiscal year if the Secretary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, determines and reports promptly to the Committees on Appropriations that the termination of assistance to a country or a significant change in circumstances makes it unlikely that such designated funds can be obligated during the original period of availability: Provided, That such designated funds that continue to be available for an additional fiscal year shall be obligated only for the purpose of such designation. (b) Other acts Ceilings and specifically designated funding levels contained in this Act shall not be applicable to funds or authorities appropriated or otherwise made available by any subsequent Act unless such Act specifically so directs: Provided, That specifically designated funding levels or minimum funding requirements contained in any other Act shall not be applicable to funds appropriated by this Act. NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS 7015. (a) Notification of changes in programs, projects, and activities None of the funds made available in titles I, II, and VI, and under the headings Peace Corps and Millennium Challenge Corporation , of this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs to the departments and agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation in fiscal year 2024, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees or of currency reflows or other offsetting collections, or made available by transfer, to the departments and agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation to— (1) create new programs; (2) suspend or eliminate a program, project, or activity; (3) close, suspend, open, or reopen a mission or post; (4) create, close, reorganize, downsize, or rename bureaus, centers, or offices; or (5) contract out or privatize any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless previously justified to the Committees on Appropriations or such Committees are notified 15 days in advance of such obligation. (b) Notification of reprogramming of funds None of the funds provided under titles I, II, and VI of this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, to the departments and agencies funded under such titles that remain available for obligation in fiscal year 2024, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the department and agency funded under title I of this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure for programs, projects, or activities through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $1,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments or changes existing programs, projects, or activities; (2) relocates an existing office or employees; (3) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as approved by Congress; or (4) results from any general savings, including savings from a reduction in personnel, which would result in a change in existing programs, projects, or activities as approved by Congress; unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds. (c) Notification requirement None of the funds made available by this Act under the headings Global Health Programs , Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , Democracy Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , Peace Corps , Millennium Challenge Corporation , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs , Peacekeeping Operations , International Military Education and Training , Foreign Military Financing Program , United States International Development Finance Corporation , and Trade and Development Agency shall be available for obligation for programs, projects, activities, type of materiel assistance, countries, or other operations not justified or in excess of the amount justified to the Committees on Appropriations for obligation under any of these specific headings unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such obligation: Provided, That the President shall not enter into any commitment of funds appropriated for the purposes of section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act for the provision of major defense equipment, other than conventional ammunition, or other major defense items defined to be aircraft, ships, missiles, or combat vehicles, not previously justified to Congress or 20 percent in excess of the quantities justified to Congress unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such commitment: Provided further, That requirements of this subsection or any similar provision of this or any other Act shall not apply to any reprogramming for a program, project, or activity for which funds are appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act of less than 10 percent of the amount previously justified to Congress for obligation for such program, project, or activity for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That any notification submitted pursuant to subsection (f) of this section shall include information (if known on the date of transmittal of such notification) on the use of notwithstanding authority. (d) Department of defense programs and funding notifications (1) Programs None of the funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available to support or continue any program initially funded under any authority of title 10, United States Code, or any Act making or authorizing appropriations for the Department of Defense, unless the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, submits a justification to such Committees that includes a description of, and the estimated costs associated with, the support or continuation of such program. (2) Funding Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds transferred by the Department of Defense to the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development for assistance for foreign countries and international organizations shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (3) Notification on excess defense articles Prior to providing excess Department of Defense articles in accordance with section 516(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the Department of Defense shall notify the Committees on Appropriations to the same extent and under the same conditions as other committees pursuant to subsection (f) of that section: Provided, That before issuing a letter of offer to sell excess defense articles under the Arms Export Control Act, the Department of Defense shall notify the Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the regular notification procedures of such Committees if such defense articles are significant military equipment (as defined in section 47(9) of the Arms Export Control Act) or are valued (in terms of original acquisition cost) at $7,000,000 or more, or if notification is required elsewhere in this Act for the use of appropriated funds for specific countries that would receive such excess defense articles: Provided further, That such Committees shall also be informed of the original acquisition cost of such defense articles. (e) Waiver The requirements of this section or any similar provision of this Act or any other Act, including any prior Act requiring notification in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, may be waived if failure to do so would pose a substantial risk to human health or welfare: Provided, That in case of any such waiver, notification to the Committees on Appropriations shall be provided as early as practicable, but in no event later than 3 days after taking the action to which such notification requirement was applicable, in the context of the circumstances necessitating such waiver: Provided further, That any notification provided pursuant to such a waiver shall contain an explanation of the emergency circumstances. (f) Country notification requirements None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance for Afghanistan, Burma, Central African Republic, Cambodia, Colombia, Cuba, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Haiti, Honduras, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, Mexico, Nicaragua, Pakistan, the Russian Federation, Rwanda, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, Tunisia, Ukraine, Venezuela, Yemen, and Zimbabwe except as provided through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (g) Trust funds Funds appropriated or otherwise made available in title III of this Act and prior Acts making funds available for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for a trust fund held by an international financial institution shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, and such notification shall include the information specified under this section in the report accompanying this Act. (h) Other program notification requirements (1) Other programs Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for the following programs and activities shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations— (A) the Global Engagement Center; (B) the Power Africa and Prosper Africa initiatives; (C) funds under the headings International Disaster Assistance and Migration and Refugee Assistance that are made available to a country listed in section 7007 of this Act; (D) the Prevention and Stabilization Fund and the Multi-Donor Global Fragility Fund; (E) the Indo-Pacific Strategy; (F) the Countering PRC Influence Fund and the Countering Russian Influence Fund; (G) assistance made available pursuant to section 7059; and (H) funds specifically allocated for the Partnership for Global Infrastructure and Investment. (2) Democracy program policy and procedures Modifications to democracy program policy and procedures, including relating to the use of consortia, by the Department of State and USAID shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (3) Arms sales The reports, notifications, and certifications, and any other documents, required to be submitted pursuant to section 36(a) of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2776 ), and such documents submitted pursuant to section 36(b) through (d) of such Act with respect to countries that have received assistance provided with funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall be concurrently submitted to the Committees on Appropriations and shall include information about the source of funds for any sale or transfer, as applicable, if known at the time of submission. (i) Withholding of funds Funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV that are withheld from obligation or otherwise not programmed as a result of application of a provision of law in this or any other Act shall, if reprogrammed, be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (j) Requirement to inform The Secretary of State and Administrator of USAID, as applicable, shall promptly inform the appropriate congressional committees of each instance in which funds appropriated by this Act for assistance have been diverted or destroyed, to include the type and amount of assistance, a description of the incident and parties involved, and an explanation of the response of the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate. DOCUMENTS, REPORT POSTING, RECORDS MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED CYBERSECURITY PROTECTIONS 7016. (a) Document requests None of the funds appropriated or made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act shall be available to a nongovernmental organization, including any contractor, which fails to provide upon timely request any document, file, or record necessary to the auditing requirements of the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development. (b) Public posting of reports (1) Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), any report required by this Act to be submitted to Congress by any Federal agency receiving funds made available by this Act shall be posted on the public website of such agency not later than 45 days following the receipt of such report by Congress. (2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a report if— (A) the head of such agency determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that— (i) the public posting of the report would compromise national security, including the conduct of diplomacy; or (ii) the report contains proprietary or other privileged information; or (B) the public posting of the report is specifically exempted in the report accompanying this Act. (3) The agency posting such report shall do so only after the report has been made available to the Committees on Appropriations. (4) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so in a central location on the public website of such agency. (c) Records management and related cybersecurity protections The Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall— (1) regularly review and update the policies, directives, and oversight necessary to comply with Federal statutes, regulations, and presidential executive orders and memoranda concerning the preservation of all records made or received in the conduct of official business, including record emails, instant messaging, and other online tools; (2) use funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Diplomatic Programs and Capital Investment Fund in title I, and Operating Expenses and Capital Investment Fund in title II, as appropriate, to improve Federal records management pursuant to the Federal Records Act (44 U.S.C. Chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33) and other applicable Federal records management statutes, regulations, or policies for the Department of State and USAID; (3) direct departing employees, including senior officials, that all Federal records generated by such employees belong to the Federal Government; (4) substantially reduce, compared to the previous fiscal year, the response time for identifying and retrieving Federal records, including requests made pursuant to section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act ); and (5) strengthen cybersecurity measures to mitigate vulnerabilities, including those resulting from the use of personal email accounts or servers outside the .gov domain, improve the process to identify and remove inactive user accounts, update and enforce guidance related to the control of national security information, and implement the recommendations of the applicable reports of the cognizant Office of Inspector General. USE OF FUNDS IN CONTRAVENTION OF THIS ACT 7017. If the President makes a determination not to comply with any provision of this Act on constitutional grounds, the head of the relevant Federal agency shall notify the Committees on Appropriations in writing within 5 days of such determination, the basis for such determination and any resulting changes to program or policy. PROHIBITION ON FUNDING FOR ABORTIONS AND INVOLUNTARY STERILIZATION 7018. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the performance of abortions as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the performance of involuntary sterilization as a method of family planning or to coerce or provide any financial incentive to any person to undergo sterilizations. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for any biomedical research which relates in whole or in part, to methods of, or the performance of, abortions or involuntary sterilization as a means of family planning. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be obligated or expended for any country or organization if the President certifies that the use of these funds by any such country or organization would violate any of the above provisions related to abortions and involuntary sterilizations. ALLOCATIONS AND REPORTS 7019. (a) Allocation tables Subject to subsection (b), funds appropriated by this Act under titles III through V shall be made available in the amounts specifically designated in the respective tables included in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such designated amounts for foreign countries and international organizations shall serve as the amounts for such countries and international organizations transmitted to Congress in the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and shall be made available for such foreign countries and international organizations notwithstanding the date of the transmission of such report. (b) Authorized deviations Unless otherwise provided for by this Act, the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as applicable, may only deviate up to 5 percent from the amounts specifically designated in the respective tables included in the report accompanying this Act. (c) Limitation For specifically designated amounts that are included, pursuant to subsection (a), in the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, deviations authorized by subsection (b) may only take place after submission of such report. (d) Exceptions Subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to— (1) funds for which the initial period of availability has expired; and (2) amounts designated by this Act as minimum funding requirements. (e) Reports The Secretary of State, USAID Administrator, and other designated officials, as appropriate, shall submit the reports required, in the manner described, in the report accompanying this Act. (f) Clarification Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings International Disaster Assistance and Migration and Refugee Assistance shall not be included for purposes of meeting amounts designated for countries in this Act, unless such headings are specifically designated as the source of funds. MULTI-YEAR PLEDGES 7020. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to make any pledge for future year funding for any multilateral or bilateral program funded in titles III through VI of this Act unless such pledge was: (1) previously justified, including the projected future year costs, in a congressional budget justification; (2) included in an Act making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs or previously authorized by an Act of Congress; (3) notified in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, including the projected future year costs; or (4) the subject of prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations and such consultation was conducted at least 7 days in advance of the pledge. PROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE TO GOVERNMENTS SUPPORTING INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM 7021. (a) Lethal military equipment exports (1) Prohibition None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under titles III through VI of this Act may be made available to any foreign government which provides lethal military equipment to a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined supports international terrorism for purposes of section 1754(c) of the Export Reform Control Act of 2018 ( 50 U.S.C. 4813(c) ): Provided, That the prohibition under this section with respect to a foreign government shall terminate 12 months after that government ceases to provide such military equipment: Provided further, That this section applies with respect to lethal military equipment provided under a contract entered into after October 1, 1997. (2) Determination Assistance restricted by paragraph (1) or any other similar provision of law, may be furnished if the President determines that to do so is important to the national interest of the United States. (3) Report Whenever the President makes a determination pursuant to paragraph (2), the President shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report with respect to the furnishing of such assistance, including a detailed explanation of the assistance to be provided, the estimated dollar amount of such assistance, and an explanation of how the assistance furthers the United States national interest. (b) Bilateral assistance (1) Limitations Funds appropriated for bilateral assistance in titles III through VI of this Act and funds appropriated under any such title in prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall not be made available to any foreign government which the President determines— (A) grants sanctuary from prosecution to any individual or group which has committed an act of international terrorism; (B) otherwise supports international terrorism; or (C) is controlled by an organization designated as a terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1189 ). (2) Waiver The President may waive the application of paragraph (1) to a government if the President determines that national security or humanitarian reasons justify such waiver: Provided, That the President shall publish each such waiver in the Federal Register and, at least 15 days before the waiver takes effect, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the waiver (including the justification for the waiver) in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. AUTHORIZATION REQUIREMENTS 7022. Funds appropriated by this Act, except funds appropriated under the heading Trade and Development Agency , may be obligated and expended notwithstanding section 10 of Public Law 91–672 ( 22 U.S.C. 2412 ), section 15 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 ( 22 U.S.C. 2680 ), section 313 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 ( 22 U.S.C. 6212 ), and section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1) ). DEFINITION OF PROGRAM, PROJECT, AND ACTIVITY 7023. For the purpose of titles II through VI of this Act, program, project, and activity shall be defined at the appropriations Act account level and shall include all appropriations and authorizations Acts funding directives, ceilings, and limitations with the exception that for the Economic Support Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , and Foreign Military Financing Program accounts, program, project, and activity shall also be considered to include country, regional, and central program level funding within each such account, and for the development assistance accounts of the United States Agency for International Development, program, project, and activity shall also be considered to include central, country, regional, and program level funding, either as— (1) justified to Congress; or (2) allocated by the Executive Branch in accordance with the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or as modified pursuant to section 7019 of this Act. AUTHORITIES FOR THE PEACE CORPS, INTER-AMERICAN FOUNDATION, AND UNITED STATES AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION 7024. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, provisions of this or any other Act, including provisions contained in prior Acts authorizing or making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall not be construed to prohibit activities authorized by or conducted under the Peace Corps Act, the Inter-American Foundation Act, or the African Development Foundation Act: Provided, That prior to conducting activities in a country for which assistance is prohibited, the agency shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations and report to such Committees within 15 days of taking such action. COMMERCE, TRADE AND SURPLUS COMMODITIES 7025. (a) World markets None of the funds appropriated or made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act for direct assistance and none of the funds otherwise made available to the Export-Import Bank and the United States International Development Finance Corporation shall be obligated or expended to finance any loan, any assistance, or any other financial commitments for establishing or expanding production of any commodity for export by any country other than the United States, if the commodity is likely to be in surplus on world markets at the time the resulting productive capacity is expected to become operative and if the assistance will cause substantial injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity: Provided, That such prohibition shall not apply to the Export-Import Bank if in the judgment of its Board of Directors the benefits to industry and employment in the United States are likely to outweigh the injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity, and the Chairman of the Board so notifies the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That this subsection shall not prohibit— (1) activities in a country that is eligible for assistance from the International Development Association, is not eligible for assistance from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and does not export on a consistent basis the agricultural commodity with respect to which assistance is furnished; or (2) activities in a country the President determines is recovering from widespread conflict, a humanitarian crisis, or a complex emergency. (b) Exports None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act to carry out chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall be available for any testing or breeding feasibility study, variety improvement or introduction, consultancy, publication, conference, or training in connection with the growth or production in a foreign country of an agricultural commodity for export which would compete with a similar commodity grown or produced in the United States: Provided, That this subsection shall not prohibit— (1) activities designed to increase food security in developing countries where such activities will not have a significant impact on the export of agricultural commodities of the United States; (2) research activities intended primarily to benefit United States producers; (3) activities in a country that is eligible for assistance from the International Development Association, is not eligible for assistance from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and does not export on a consistent basis the agricultural commodity with respect to which assistance is furnished; or (4) activities in a country the President determines is recovering from widespread conflict, a humanitarian crisis, or a complex emergency. (c) International financial institutions The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any assistance by such institution, using funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act, for the production or extraction of any commodity or mineral for export, if it is in surplus on world markets and if the assistance will cause substantial injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity. SEPARATE ACCOUNTS 7026. (a) Separate accounts for local currencies (1) Agreements If assistance is furnished to the government of a foreign country under chapters 1 and 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 under agreements which result in the generation of local currencies of that country, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall— (A) require that local currencies be deposited in a separate account established by that government; (B) enter into an agreement with that government which sets forth— (i) the amount of the local currencies to be generated; and (ii) the terms and conditions under which the currencies so deposited may be utilized, consistent with this section; and (C) establish by agreement with that government the responsibilities of USAID and that government to monitor and account for deposits into and disbursements from the separate account. (2) Uses of local currencies As may be agreed upon with the foreign government, local currencies deposited in a separate account pursuant to subsection (a), or an equivalent amount of local currencies, shall be used only— (A) to carry out chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (as the case may be), for such purposes as— (i) project and sector assistance activities; or (ii) debt and deficit financing; or (B) for the administrative requirements of the United States Government. (3) Programming accountability USAID shall take all necessary steps to ensure that the equivalent of the local currencies disbursed pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A) from the separate account established pursuant to subsection (a)(1) are used for the purposes agreed upon pursuant to subsection (a)(2). (4) Termination of assistance programs Upon termination of assistance to a country under chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (as the case may be), any unencumbered balances of funds which remain in a separate account established pursuant to subsection (a) shall be disposed of for such purposes as may be agreed to by the government of that country and the United States Government. (b) Separate accounts for cash transfers (1) In general If assistance is made available to the government of a foreign country, under chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as cash transfer assistance or as nonproject sector assistance, that country shall be required to maintain such funds in a separate account and not commingle with any other funds. (2) Applicability of other provisions of law Such funds may be obligated and expended notwithstanding provisions of law which are inconsistent with the nature of this assistance, including provisions which are referenced in the Joint Explanatory Statement of the Committee of Conference accompanying House Joint Resolution 648 (House Report No. 98–1159). (3) Notification At least 15 days prior to obligating any such cash transfer or nonproject sector assistance, the President shall submit a notification through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, which shall include a detailed description of how the funds proposed to be made available will be used, with a discussion of the United States interests that will be served by such assistance (including, as appropriate, a description of the economic policy reforms that will be promoted by such assistance). (4) Exemption Nonproject sector assistance funds may be exempt from the requirements of paragraph (1) only through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. ELIGIBILITY FOR ASSISTANCE 7027. (a) Assistance through nongovernmental organizations Restrictions contained in this or any other Act with respect to assistance for a country shall not be construed to restrict assistance in support of programs of nongovernmental organizations from funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of chapters 1, 10, 11, and 12 of part I and chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and from funds appropriated under the heading Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia : Provided, That before using the authority of this subsection to furnish assistance in support of programs of nongovernmental organizations, the President shall notify the Committees on Appropriations pursuant to the regular notification procedures, including a description of the program to be assisted, the assistance to be provided, and the reasons for furnishing such assistance: Provided further, That nothing in this subsection shall be construed to alter any existing statutory prohibitions against abortion or involuntary sterilizations contained in this or any other Act. (b) Public law 480 During fiscal year 2024, restrictions contained in this or any other Act with respect to assistance for a country shall not be construed to restrict assistance under the Food for Peace Act ( Public Law 83–480 ; 7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq. ): Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to carry out title I of such Act and made available pursuant to this subsection may be obligated or expended except as provided through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (c) Exception This section shall not apply— (1) with respect to section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or any comparable provision of law prohibiting assistance to countries that support international terrorism; or (2) with respect to section 116 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or any comparable provision of law prohibiting assistance to the government of a country that violates internationally recognized human rights. Impact on Jobs in the United States 7028. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated or expended to provide— (1) any financial incentive to a business enterprise currently located in the United States for the purpose of inducing such an enterprise to relocate outside the United States if such incentive or inducement is likely to reduce the number of employees of such business enterprise in the United States because United States production is being replaced by such enterprise outside the United States; (2) assistance for any program, project, or activity that contributes to the violation of internationally recognized workers’ rights, as defined in section 507(4) of the Trade Act of 1974, of workers in the recipient country, including any designated zone or area in that country: Provided, That the application of section 507(4)(D) and (E) of such Act ( 19 U.S.C. 2467(4)(D) and (E)) should be commensurate with the level of development of the recipient country and sector, and shall not preclude assistance for the informal sector in such country, micro and small-scale enterprise, and smallholder agriculture; (3) any assistance to an entity outside the United States if such assistance is for the purpose of directly relocating or transferring jobs from the United States to other countries and adversely impacts the labor force in the United States; or (4) for the enforcement of any rule, regulation, policy, or guidelines implemented pursuant to the Supplemental Guidelines for High Carbon Intensity Projects approved by the Export-Import Bank of the United States on December 12, 2013, when enforcement of such rule, regulation, policy, or guidelines would prohibit, or have the effect of prohibiting, any coal-fired or other power-generation project the purpose of which is to— (A) provide affordable electricity in International Development Association (IDA)-eligible countries and IDA-blend countries; and (B) increase exports of goods and services from the United States or prevent the loss of jobs from the United States. INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 7029. (a) Compensation None of the funds appropriated under title V of this Act may be made as payment to any international financial institution while the United States executive director to such institution is compensated by the institution at a rate which, together with whatever compensation such executive director receives from the United States, is in excess of the rate provided for an individual occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, or while any alternate United States executive director to such institution is compensated by the institution at a rate in excess of the rate provided for an individual occupying a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. (b) Human rights The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to promote human rights due diligence and risk management, as appropriate, in connection with any loan, grant, policy, or strategy of such institution. (c) Fraud and corruption The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice of the United States to include in loan, grant, and other financing agreements improvements in borrowing countries’ financial management and judicial capacity to investigate, prosecute, and punish fraud and corruption. (d) Beneficial ownership information The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice of the United States to encourage such institution to collect, verify, and publish, to the maximum extent practicable, beneficial ownership information (excluding proprietary information) for any corporation or limited liability company, other than a publicly listed company, that receives funds from any such financial institution. (e) Whistleblower protections The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice of the United States to encourage such institution to effectively implement and enforce policies and procedures which meet or exceed best practices in the United States for the protection of whistleblowers from retaliation, including— (1) protection against retaliation for internal and lawful public disclosure; (2) legal burdens of proof; (3) statutes of limitation for reporting retaliation; (4) access to binding independent adjudicative bodies, including shared cost and selection external arbitration; and (5) results that eliminate the effects of proven retaliation, including provision for the restoration of prior employment. (f) Grievance mechanisms and procedures The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice of the United States to support independent investigative and adjudicative mechanisms and procedures that meet or exceed best practices in the United States to provide due process and fair compensation, including the right to reinstatement, for employees who are subjected to harassment, discrimination, retaliation, false allegations, or other misconduct. (g) Capital increases None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available to support a new capital increase for an international financial institution unless the President submits a budget request for such increase to Congress and determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that— (1) the institution has completed a thorough analysis of the development challenges facing the relevant geographical region, the role of the institution in addressing such challenges and its role relative to other financing partners, and the steps to be taken to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the institution; and (2) the governors of such institution have approved the capital increase. (h) Opposition to Lending to the People’s Republic of China The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director at each multilateral development bank to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any loan, extension of financial assistance, or technical assistance by such bank to the People’s Republic of China. (i) Contributions to Financial Intermediary Funds The Secretary of the Treasury shall ensure that no United States contribution to a financial intermediary fund may be used to provide any loan, extension of financial assistance, or technical assistance to the People’s Republic of China or to any country or region subject to comprehensive sanctions by the United States. (j) Report to Congress and Withholding (1) Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations indicating the amount of funds that a financial intermediary fund is budgeting for the year in which the report is submitted for a country or region described in subsection (i). (2) If a report under paragraph (1) indicates that a financial intermediary fund plans to spend funds for a country or region described under subsection (i), including through projects implemented by a multilateral development bank, then 10 percent of the United States contribution to such bank shall be withheld from obligation for the remainder of the fiscal year in which the report is submitted. (k) Guidance on Multilateral Development Banks None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading Multilateral Assistance may be used to implement, administer, or otherwise carry out Executive Order 14008 (relating to Executive Order on Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad), including the memorandum entitled “Guidance on Fossil Fuel Energy at the Multilateral Development Banks”, issued by the Department of the Treasury on August 16, 2021. TECHNOLOGY SECURITY 7030. (a) Insecure communications networks Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available for programs, including through the Digital Connectivity and Cybersecurity Partnership, to— (1) advance the adoption of secure, next-generation communications networks and services, including 5G, and cybersecurity policies, in countries receiving assistance under this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs; (2) counter the establishment of insecure communications networks and services, including 5G, promoted by the People’s Republic of China and other state-backed enterprises that are subject to undue or extrajudicial control by their country of origin; and (3) provide policy and technical training on deploying open, interoperable, reliable, and secure networks to information communication technology professionals in countries receiving assistance under this Act, as appropriate: Provided, That such funds, including funds appropriated under the heading Economic Support Fund , may be used to strengthen civilian cybersecurity and information and communications technology capacity, including participation of foreign law enforcement and military personnel in non-military activities, notwithstanding any other provision of law and following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (b) CHIPS for america international technology security and innovation fund (1) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall allocate amounts made available from the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors (CHIPS) for America International Technology Security and Innovation Fund for fiscal year 2024 pursuant to the transfer authority in section 102(c)(1) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 (division A of Public Law 117–167 ), to the accounts specified and in the amounts specified, in the table titled CHIPS for America International Technology Security and Innovation Fund in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such funds shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That amounts transferred to the Export-Import Bank of the United States and the United States International Development Finance Corporation pursuant to the transfer authority in section 102(c)(1) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 (division A of Public Law 117–167 ) may be made available for the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees, including the cost of modifying such loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. (2) Neither the President nor his designee may allocate any amounts that are made available for any fiscal year under section 102(c)(2) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 if there is in effect an Act making or continuing appropriations for part of a fiscal year for the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs: Provided, That in any fiscal year, the matter preceding this proviso shall not apply to the allocation, apportionment, or allotment of amounts for continuing administration of programs allocated using funds transferred from the CHIPS for America International Technology Security and Innovation Fund, which may be allocated pursuant to the transfer authority in section 102(c)(1) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 only in amounts that are no more than the allocation for such purposes in paragraph (1) of this subsection. (3) Concurrent with the annual budget submission of the President for fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations proposed allocations by account and by program, project, or activity, with detailed justifications, for amounts made available under section 102(c)(2) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 for fiscal year 2025. (4) The Secretary of State shall provide the Committees on Appropriations quarterly reports on the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the CHIPS for America International Technology Security and Innovation Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection, including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds. FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, BUDGET TRANSPARENCY, AND ANTI-CORRUPTION 7031. (a) Limitation on direct government-to-Government assistance (1) Requirements Funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for direct government-to-government assistance only if— (A) (i) each implementing agency or ministry to receive assistance has been assessed and is considered to have the systems required to manage such assistance and any identified vulnerabilities or weaknesses of such agency or ministry have been addressed; (ii) the recipient agency or ministry employs and utilizes staff with the necessary technical, financial, and management capabilities; (iii) the recipient agency or ministry has adopted competitive procurement policies and systems; (iv) effective monitoring and evaluation systems are in place to ensure that such assistance is used for its intended purposes; (v) no level of acceptable fraud is assumed; and (vi) the government of the recipient country is taking steps to publicly disclose on an annual basis its national budget, to include income and expenditures; (B) the recipient government is in compliance with the principles set forth in section 7013 of this Act; (C) the recipient agency or ministry is not headed or controlled by an organization designated as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1189 ); (D) the Government of the United States and the government of the recipient country have agreed, in writing, on clear and achievable objectives for the use of such assistance, which should be made available on a cost-reimbursable basis; (E) the recipient government is taking steps to protect the rights of civil society, including freedoms of expression, association, and assembly; and (F) the government of the recipient country is taking steps to reduce corruption. (2) Consultation and notification In addition to the requirements in paragraph (1), funds may only be made available for direct government-to-government assistance subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such notification shall contain an explanation of how the proposed activity meets the requirements of paragraph (1): Provided further, That the requirements of this paragraph shall only apply to direct government-to-government assistance in excess of $5,000,000 and all funds available for cash transfer, budget support, and cash payments to individuals. (3) Suspension of assistance The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development or the Secretary of State, as appropriate, shall suspend any direct government-to-government assistance if the Administrator or the Secretary has credible information of material misuse of such assistance, unless the Administrator or the Secretary reports to the Committees on Appropriations that it is in the national interest of the United States to continue such assistance, including a justification, or that such misuse has been appropriately addressed. (4) Submission of information The Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations, concurrent with the fiscal year 2025 congressional budget justification materials, amounts planned for assistance described in paragraph (1) by country, proposed funding amount, source of funds, and type of assistance. (5) Debt service payment prohibition None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the government of any foreign country for debt service payments owed by any country to any international financial institution or to the Government of the People’s Republic of China. (b) National budget and contract transparency (1) Minimum requirements of fiscal transparency The Secretary of State shall continue to update and strengthen the minimum requirements of fiscal transparency for each government receiving assistance appropriated by this Act, as identified in the report required by section 7031(b) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113–76 ). (2) Determination and report For each government identified pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of State, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, shall make or update any determination of significant progress or no significant progress in meeting the minimum requirements of fiscal transparency, and make such determinations publicly available in an annual Fiscal Transparency Report to be posted on the Department of State website: Provided, That such report shall include the elements included under this section in the report accompanying this Act. (3) Assistance Funds appropriated under title III of this Act shall be made available for programs and activities to assist governments identified pursuant to paragraph (1) to improve budget transparency and to support civil society organizations in such countries that promote budget transparency. (c) Anti-Kleptocracy and human rights (1) Ineligibility (A) Officials of foreign governments and their immediate family members about whom the Secretary of State has credible information have been involved, directly or indirectly, in significant corruption, including corruption related to the extraction of natural resources, or a gross violation of human rights, including the wrongful detention of locally employed staff of a United States diplomatic mission or a United States citizen or national, shall be ineligible for entry into the United States. (B) Concurrent with the application of subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall, as appropriate, refer the matter to the Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, to determine whether to apply sanctions authorities in accordance with United States law to block the transfer of property and interests in property, and all financial transactions, in the United States involving any person described in such subparagraph. (C) The Secretary shall also publicly or privately designate or identify the officials of foreign governments and their immediate family members about whom the Secretary has such credible information without regard to whether the individual has applied for a visa. (2) Exception Individuals shall not be ineligible for entry into the United States pursuant to paragraph (1) if such entry would further important United States law enforcement objectives or is necessary to permit the United States to fulfill its obligations under the United Nations Headquarters Agreement: Provided, That nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to derogate from United States Government obligations under applicable international agreements. (3) Waiver The Secretary may waive the application of paragraph (1) if the Secretary determines that the waiver would serve a compelling national interest or that the circumstances which caused the individual to be ineligible have changed sufficiently. (4) Report Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until September 30, 2025, the Secretary of State shall submit a report, including a classified annex if necessary, to the appropriate congressional committees and the Committees on the Judiciary describing the information related to corruption or violation of human rights concerning each of the individuals found ineligible in the previous 12 months pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) as well as the individuals who the Secretary designated or identified pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), or who would be ineligible but for the application of paragraph (2), a list of any waivers provided under paragraph (3), and the justification for each waiver. (d) Extraction of natural resources (1) Assistance Funds appropriated by this Act may be made available to promote and support transparency and accountability of expenditures and revenues related to the extraction of natural resources, including by strengthening implementation and monitoring of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, implementing and enforcing section 8204 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–246 ; 122 Stat. 2052) and the amendments made by such section, and to prevent the sale of conflict diamonds, and for technical assistance to promote independent audit mechanisms and support civil society participation in natural resource management. (2) Prohibition None of the funds appropriated by this Act under title III may be made available to support mining activities related to the extraction of minerals until the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that comparable mining activities are permitted in areas in the United States which were allowable prior to 2023: Provided , That the restriction in this paragraph shall not apply to United States entities. (e) Foreign Assistance Website Funds appropriated by this Act under titles I and II, and funds made available for any independent agency in title III, as appropriate, shall be made available to support the provision of additional information on United States Government foreign assistance on the ForeignAssistance.gov website: Provided , That all Federal agencies funded under this Act shall provide such information on foreign assistance, upon request and in a timely manner, to the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development. DEMOCRACY PROGRAMS 7032. (a) Funding Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , Democracy Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , and International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , $2,900,000,000 shall be made available for democracy programs. (b) Authorities (1) Availability Funds made available by this Act for democracy programs pursuant to subsection (a) and under the heading National Endowment for Democracy may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law, and with regard to the National Endowment for Democracy (NED), any regulation. (2) Beneficiaries Funds made available by this Act for the NED are made available pursuant to the authority of the National Endowment for Democracy Act (title V of Public Law 98–164 ), including all decisions regarding the selection of beneficiaries. (c) Definition of democracy programs For purposes of funds appropriated by this Act, the term democracy programs means programs that support: outcomes of improved democratic governance; credible and observable electoral processes; strong, multi-party political systems with rights to contest government; rule of law; freedoms of expression, assembly, association, and religion; human rights, including property rights; activities by non-governmental organizations and other civil society, including independent media, that promote the outcomes described in this subsection. (d) Program prioritization Funds made available for support to strengthen government institutions, including ministries, should be prioritized for countries demonstrating strong separation of powers, checks and balances, rule of law, and credible and observable electoral processes. (e) Restrictions on foreign government interference With respect to the provision of assistance for democracy programs in this Act, the organizations implementing such assistance, the specific nature of the assistance, and the participants in such programs shall not be subject to prior approval by the government of any foreign country. (f) Informing programming The Secretary of State, Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and President of the NED should coordinate on plans for democracy programs supported with funds appropriated by this Act during joint regional and country planning for fiscal year 2024. INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 7033. (a) International religious freedom office Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs shall be made available for the Office of International Religious Freedom, Department of State. (b) Assistance (1) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Economic Support Fund , Democracy Fund , and International Broadcasting Operations , not less than $50,000,000 shall be made available for international religious freedom programs: Provided , That funds made available by this Act under the headings Economic Support Fund and Democracy Fund pursuant to this section shall be the responsibility of the Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom, in consultation with other relevant United States Government officials, and shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (2) Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings International Disaster Assistance and Migration and Refugee Assistance shall be made available for humanitarian assistance for vulnerable and persecuted ethnic and religious minorities (c) Authority Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the heading Economic Support Fund may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law for assistance for ethnic and religious minorities in Iraq and Syria. (d) Designation of non-State actors Section 7033(e) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31 ) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2024. SPECIAL PROVISIONS 7034. (a) Victims of war, displaced children, and displaced burmese Funds appropriated in title III of this Act that are made available for victims of war, displaced children, displaced Burmese, and to combat trafficking in persons and assist victims of such trafficking may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law. (b) Forensic assistance (1) Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund shall be made available for forensic anthropology assistance related to the exhumation and identification of victims of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide, which shall be administered by the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State. (2) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , not less than $10,000,000 (increased by $3,000,000) shall be made available for DNA forensic technology programs to combat human trafficking in Central America and Mexico. (c) World food programme Funds managed by the Bureau for Humanitarian Assistance, United States Agency for International Development from this Act may be made available as a general contribution to the World Food Programme. (d) Directives and authorities (1) Research and training Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia shall be made available to carry out the Program for Research and Training on Eastern Europe and the Independent States of the Former Soviet Union as authorized by the Soviet-Eastern European Research and Training Act of 1983 ( 22 U.S.C. 4501 et seq. ). (2) Genocide victims memorial sites Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings Economic Support Fund and Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia may be made available as contributions to establish and maintain memorial sites of genocide, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (3) Special envoy for holocaust issues Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs may be made available for the Special Envoy for Holocaust Issues notwithstanding the limitation of section 7064(e)(3) of this Act. (4) Private sector partnerships Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance and Economic Support Fund that are made available for private sector partnerships, including partnerships with philanthropic foundations, up to $50,000,000 may remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That funds made available pursuant to this paragraph may only be made available following prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (5) Innovation The USAID Administrator may use funds appropriated by this Act under title III to make innovation incentive awards in accordance with the terms and conditions of section 7034(e)(4) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2019 (division F of Public Law 116–6 ): Provided, That each individual award may not exceed $100,000. (6) Exchange visitor program None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to modify the Exchange Visitor Program administered by the Department of State to implement the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 ( Public Law 87–256 ; 22 U.S.C. 2451 et seq. ), except through the formal rulemaking process pursuant to the Administrative Procedure Act ( 5 U.S.C. 551 et seq. ) and notwithstanding the exceptions to such rulemaking process in such Act: Provided, That funds made available for such purpose shall only be made available after consultation with, and subject to the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations, regarding how any proposed modification would affect the public diplomacy goals of, and the estimated economic impact on, the United States: Provided further, That such consultation shall take place not later than 30 days prior to the publication in the Federal Register of any regulatory action modifying the Exchange Visitor Program. (7) Payments Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings Diplomatic Programs and Operating Expenses , except for funds designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, are available to provide payments pursuant to section 901(i)(2) of title IX of division J of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( 22 U.S.C. 2680b(i)(2) ): Provided, That funds made available pursuant to this paragraph shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (e) Partner vetting Prior to initiating a partner vetting program, providing a direct vetting option, or making a significant change to the scope of an existing partner vetting program, the Secretary of State and USAID Administrator, as appropriate, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That the Secretary and the Administrator shall provide a direct vetting option for prime awardees in any partner vetting program initiated or significantly modified after the date of enactment of this Act, unless the Secretary or Administrator, as applicable, informs the Committees on Appropriations on a case-by-case basis that a direct vetting option is not feasible for such program: Provided further, That the Secretary and the Administrator may restrict the award of, terminate, or cancel contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements or require an awardee to restrict the award of, terminate, or cancel a sub-award based on information in connection with a partner vetting program. (f) International child abductions The Secretary of State should withhold funds appropriated under title III of this Act for assistance for the central government of any country that is not taking appropriate steps to comply with the Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abductions, done at the Hague on October 25, 1980: Provided, That the Secretary shall report to the Committees on Appropriations within 15 days of withholding funds under this subsection. (g) Transfer of funds for extraordinary protection The Secretary of State may transfer to, and merge with, funds under the heading Protection of Foreign Missions and Officials unobligated balances of expired funds appropriated under the heading Diplomatic Programs for fiscal year 2024, at no later than the end of the fifth fiscal year after the last fiscal year for which such funds are available for the purposes for which appropriated: Provided, That not more than $50,000,000 may be transferred. (h) Extension of authorities (1) Incentives for critical posts The authority contained in section 1115(d) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 ( Public Law 111–32 ) shall remain in effect through September 30, 2024. (2) Special inspector general for afghanistan reconstruction competitive status Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any employee of the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) who completes at least 12 months of continuous service after enactment of this Act or who is employed on the date on which SIGAR terminates, whichever occurs first, shall acquire competitive status for appointment to any position in the competitive service for which the employee possesses the required qualifications. (3) Transfer of balances Section 7081(h) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31 ) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2024. (4) Protective services Section 7071 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2022 (division K of Public Law 117–103 ) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2024 and shall be applied to funds appropriated by this Act by substituting $40,000,000 for $30,000,000 . (5) Extension of loan guarantees to israel Chapter 5 of title I of the Emergency Wartime Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2003 ( Public Law 108–11 ; 117 Stat. 576) is amended under the heading Loan Guarantees to Israel — (A) in the matter preceding the first proviso, by striking September 30, 2028 and inserting September 30, 2029 ; and (B) in the second proviso, by striking September 30, 2028 and inserting September 30, 2029 . (6) Extension of certain personal services contract authority The authority provided in section 2401 of division C of the Extending Government Funding and Delivering Emergency Assistance Act ( Public Law 117–43 ) shall remain in effect through September 30, 2024. (7) Extension of certain requirements During the current fiscal year, sections (2), (3), and (4) of the PEPFAR Extension Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–305 ) shall be applied by substituting 2024 for 2023 each place it occurs. (i) Monitoring and evaluation (1) Beneficiary feedback Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for monitoring and evaluation of assistance under the headings Development Assistance , International Disaster Assistance , and Migration and Refugee Assistance shall be made available for the regular and systematic collection of feedback obtained directly from beneficiaries to enhance the quality and relevance of such assistance: Provided, That the Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall regularly conduct oversight to ensure that such feedback is collected and used by implementing partners to maximize the cost-effectiveness and utility of such assistance. (2) Ex-post evaluations Of the funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV, not less than $10,000,000 should be made available for ex-post evaluations of the effectiveness and sustainability of United States Government-funded assistance programs. (j) HIV/AIDS working capital fund Funds available in the HIV/AIDS Working Capital Fund established pursuant to section 525(b)(1) of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2005 ( Public Law 108–447 ) may be made available for pharmaceuticals and other products for child survival, malaria, and tuberculosis to the same extent as HIV/AIDS pharmaceuticals and other products, subject to the terms and conditions in such section: Provided, That the authority in section 525(b)(5) of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2005 ( Public Law 108–447 ) shall be exercised by the Assistant Administrator for Global Health, USAID, with respect to funds deposited for such non-HIV/AIDS pharmaceuticals and other products, and shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall include in the congressional budget justification an accounting of budgetary resources, disbursements, balances, and reimbursements related to such fund. (k) Loans, consultation, and notification (1) Loan guarantees Funds appropriated under the headings Economic Support Fund and Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for the costs, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of loan guarantees for Egypt, Jordan, Small Island Developing States, and Ukraine, which are authorized to be provided: Provided, That amounts made available under this paragraph for the costs of such guarantees shall not be considered assistance for the purposes of provisions of law limiting assistance to a country. (2) Foreign military financing direct loans During fiscal year 2024, direct loans under section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act may be made available for North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) or Major Non-NATO Allies, notwithstanding section 23(c)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, gross obligations for the principal amounts of which shall not exceed $8,000,000,000: Provided, That funds appropriated under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, including balances that were previously designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operation/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, may be made available for the costs, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of such loans: Provided further, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and may include the costs of selling, reducing, or cancelling any amounts owed to the United States or any agency of the United States: Provided further, That the Government of the United States may charge fees for such loans, which shall be collected from borrowers in accordance with section 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That no funds made available to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) or Major Non-NATO Allies by this or any other appropriations Act for this fiscal year or prior fiscal years may be used for payment of any fees associated with such loans: Provided further, That such loans shall be repaid in not more than 12 years, including a grace period of up to one year on repayment of principal: Provided further, That amounts made available under this paragraph for such costs shall not be considered assistance for the purposes of provisions of law limiting assistance to a country. (3) Foreign military financing loan guarantees Funds appropriated under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, including balances that were previously designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, may be made available, notwithstanding the third proviso under such heading, for the costs of loan guarantees under section 24 of the Arms Export Control Act for North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) or Major Non-NATO Allies: Provided, That such funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of commercial loans, and total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $8,000,000,000: Provided further, That no loan guarantee with respect to any one borrower may exceed 80 percent of the loan principal: Provided further, That any loan guaranteed under this paragraph may not be subordinated to another debt contracted by the borrower or to any other claims against the borrower in the case of default: Provided further, That repayment in United States dollars of any loan guaranteed under this paragraph shall be required within a period not to exceed 12 years after the loan agreement is signed: Provided further, That the Government of the United States may charge fees for such loan guarantees, as may be determined, notwithstanding section 24 of the Arms Export Control Act, which shall be collected from borrowers or third parties on behalf of such borrowers in accordance with section 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That amounts made available under this paragraph for the costs of such guarantees shall not be considered assistance for the purposes of provisions of law limiting assistance to a country. (4) Limitation Prior to offering Foreign Military Financing Program loans or loan guarantees to Major Non-NATO Allies, the Secretary of State shall determine and report to the appropriate congressional committees that such partners do not support any foreign adversary as defined by 15 CFR § 7.4. (5) Consultation and notification Funds made available pursuant to the authorities of this subsection shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (l) Local works (1) Funding Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance and Economic Support Fund , not less than $50,000,000 shall be made available for Local Works pursuant to section 7080 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235 ), which may remain available until September 30, 2028. (2) Eligible entities For the purposes of section 7080 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235 ), eligible entities shall be defined as small local, international, and United States-based nongovernmental organizations, educational institutions, and other small entities that have received less than a total of $5,000,000 from USAID over the previous 5 fiscal years: Provided, That departments or centers of such educational institutions may be considered individually in determining such eligibility. (m) Definitions (1) Appropriate congressional committees Unless otherwise defined in this Act, for purposes of this Act the term appropriate congressional committees means the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) Funds appropriated by this act and prior acts Unless otherwise defined in this Act, for purposes of this Act the term funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs means funds that remain available for obligation, and have not expired. (3) International financial institutions In this Act international financial institutions means the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the International Development Association, the International Finance Corporation, the Inter-American Development Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the International Fund for Agricultural Development, the Asian Development Bank, the Asian Development Fund, the Inter-American Investment Corporation, the North American Development Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the African Development Bank, the African Development Fund, and the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency. (4) Spend plan In this Act, the term spend plan means a plan for the uses of funds appropriated for a particular entity, country, program, purpose, or account and which shall include, at a minimum, a description of— (A) realistic and sustainable goals, criteria for measuring progress, and a timeline for achieving such goals; (B) amounts and sources of funds by account; (C) how such funds will complement other ongoing or planned programs; and (D) implementing partners, to the maximum extent practicable. (5) Successor operating unit Any reference to a particular operating unit or office in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be deemed to include any successor operating unit performing the same or similar functions. (6) USAID In this Act, the term USAID means the United States Agency for International Development. LAW ENFORCEMENT AND SECURITY 7035. (a) Assistance (1) Community-based police assistance Funds made available under titles III and IV of this Act to carry out the provisions of chapter 1 of part I and chapters 4 and 6 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, may be used, notwithstanding section 660 of that Act, to enhance the effectiveness and accountability of civilian police authority through training and technical assistance in human rights, the rule of law, anti-corruption, strategic planning, and through assistance to foster civilian police roles that support democratic governance, including assistance for programs to prevent conflict, respond to disasters, address violence against women and girls, and foster improved police relations with the communities they serve. (2) Combat casualty care (A) Consistent with the objectives of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act, funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Peacekeeping Operations and Foreign Military Financing Program shall be made available for combat casualty training and equipment in an amount above the prior fiscal year. (B) The Secretary of State shall offer combat casualty care training and equipment as a component of any package of lethal assistance funded by this Act with funds appropriated under the headings Peacekeeping Operations and Foreign Military Financing Program : Provided, That the requirement of this subparagraph shall apply to a country in conflict, unless the Secretary determines that such country has in place, to the maximum extent practicable, functioning combat casualty care treatment and equipment that meets or exceeds the standards recommended by the Committee on Tactical Combat Casualty Care: Provided further, That any such training and equipment for combat casualty care shall be made available through an open and competitive process. (b) Authorities (1) Reconstituting civilian police authority In providing assistance with funds appropriated by this Act under section 660(b)(6) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, support for a nation emerging from instability may be deemed to mean support for regional, district, municipal, or other sub-national entity emerging from instability, as well as a nation emerging from instability. (2) Disarmament, demobilization, and reintegration Section 7034(d) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235 ) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2024. (3) Commercial leasing of defense articles Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, the authority of section 23(a) of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2763 ) may be used to provide financing to Israel, Egypt, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), and Major Non-NATO Allies for the procurement by leasing (including leasing with an option to purchase) of defense articles from United States commercial suppliers, not including Major Defense Equipment (other than helicopters and other types of aircraft having possible civilian application), if the President determines that there are compelling foreign policy or national security reasons for those defense articles being provided by commercial lease rather than by government-to-government sale under such Act. (4) Special defense acquisition fund Not to exceed $900,000,000 may be obligated pursuant to section 51(c)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2795(c)(2) ) for the purposes of the Special Defense Acquisition Fund (the Fund), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026: Provided, That the provision of defense articles and defense services to foreign countries or international organizations from the Fund shall be subject to the concurrence of the Secretary of State. (5) Extension of War reserves stockpile authority (A) Section 12001(d) of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 ( Public Law 108–287 ; 118 Stat. 1011) is amended by striking 2025 and inserting 2026 . (B) Section 514(b)(2)(A) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2321h(b)(2)(A) ) is amended by striking or 2025 and inserting 2025 and 2026 . (6) Technical amendments (A) Notwithstanding Section 503(a)(3) of Public Law 87–195 ( 22 U.S.C. 2311(a)(3) ), the procurement of defense articles and services funded on a non-repayable basis under section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act may be priced to include the costs of salaries of members of the Armed Forces of the United States engaged in security assistance activities pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 341 (relating to the State Partnership Program): Provided, That this section shall only apply to funds that remain available for obligation in fiscal year 2024. (B) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, equipment procured with funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the heading Pakistan Counterinsurgency Capability Fund may be used for any other program and in any region: Provided , That use of this authority shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (c) Limitations (1) Child soldiers Funds appropriated by this Act should not be used to support any military training or operations that include child soldiers. (2) Landmines and cluster munitions (A) Authority Notwithstanding any other provision of law, demining equipment available to the United States Agency for International Development and the Department of State and used in support of the clearance of landmines and unexploded ordnance for humanitarian purposes may be disposed of on a grant basis in foreign countries, subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary of State may prescribe. (B) Cluster munitions No military assistance shall be furnished for cluster munitions, no defense export license for cluster munitions may be issued, and no cluster munitions or cluster munitions technology shall be sold or transferred, unless— (i) the submunitions of the cluster munitions, after arming, do not result in more than 1 percent unexploded ordnance across the range of intended operational environments, and the agreement applicable to the assistance, transfer, or sale of such cluster munitions or cluster munitions technology specifies that the cluster munitions will only be used against clearly defined military targets and will not be used where civilians are known to be present or in areas normally inhabited by civilians; or (ii) such assistance, license, sale, or transfer is for the purpose of demilitarizing or permanently disposing of such cluster munitions. (3) Crowd control If the Secretary of State has information that a unit of a foreign security force uses excessive force to repress peaceful expression or assembly concerning corruption, harm to the environment or human health, or the fairness of electoral processes, or in countries that are undemocratic or undergoing democratic transition, the Secretary shall promptly determine if such information is credible: Provided, That if the information is determined to be credible, funds appropriated by this Act should not be used for tear gas, small arms, light weapons, ammunition, or other items for crowd control purposes for such unit, unless the Secretary of State determines that the foreign government is taking effective measures to bring the responsible members of such unit to justice. (d) Reports (1) Security assistance report Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report on funds obligated and expended during fiscal year 2023, by country and purpose of assistance, under the headings Peacekeeping Operations , International Military Education and Training , and Foreign Military Financing Program . (2) Annual foreign military training report For the purposes of implementing section 656 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the term military training provided to foreign military personnel by the Department of Defense and the Department of State shall be deemed to include all military training provided by foreign governments with funds appropriated to the Department of Defense or the Department of State, except for training provided by the government of a country designated by section 517(b) of such Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2321k(b) ) as a Major Non-North Atlantic Treaty Organization ally: Provided, That such third-country training shall be clearly identified in the report submitted pursuant to section 656 of such Act. Combating Trafficking in Persons 7036. (a) Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs , not less than $25,000,000 shall be made available for the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons. (b) Programs to Combat Trafficking in Persons Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , and International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , not less than $123,900,000 shall be made available for activities to combat trafficking in persons internationally, including for the Program to End Modern Slavery, of which not less than $92,000,000 shall be from funds made available under the heading International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement : Provided, That funds made available by this Act under the headings Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , and Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia that are made available for activities to combat trafficking in persons should be obligated and programmed consistent with the country-specific recommendations included in the annual Trafficking in Persons Report, and shall be coordinated with the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons, Department of State. (c) Training Of the funds made available by this Act, not less than $1,000,000 shall be made available to further develop, standardize, and update training for all United States Government personnel under Chief of Mission authority posted at United States embassies and consulates abroad, on recognizing signs of human trafficking, and protocols for reporting such cases. (d) Conferences Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for international conferences may not be made available for such conferences in Tier 3 countries, as defined by section 104 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 ( Public Law 106–386 ), unless the purpose of the conference is to combat human trafficking or is in the United States national security interest, as determined by the Secretary of State. PALESTINIAN STATEHOOD 7037. (a) Limitation on assistance None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be provided to support a Palestinian state unless the Secretary of State determines and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— (1) the governing entity of a new Palestinian state— (A) has demonstrated a firm commitment to peaceful co-existence with the State of Israel; (B) exercises full territorial jurisdiction over the Gaza strip; and (C) is taking appropriate measures to counter terrorism and terrorist financing in the West Bank and Gaza, including the dismantling of terrorist infrastructures, and is cooperating with appropriate Israeli and other appropriate security organizations; and (2) the Palestinian Authority (or the governing entity of a new Palestinian state) is working with other countries in the region to vigorously pursue efforts to establish a just, lasting, and comprehensive peace in the Middle East that will enable Israel and an independent Palestinian state to exist within the context of full and normal relationships, which should include— (A) termination of all claims or states of belligerency; (B) respect for and acknowledgment of the sovereignty, territorial integrity, and political independence of every state in the area through measures including the establishment of demilitarized zones; (C) their right to live in peace within secure and recognized boundaries free from threats or acts of force; (D) freedom of navigation through international waterways in the area; and (E) a framework for achieving a just settlement of the refugee problem. (b) Sense of congress It is the sense of Congress that the governing entity should enact a constitution assuring the rule of law, an independent judiciary, and respect for human rights for its citizens, and should enact other laws and regulations assuring transparent and accountable governance. (c) Waiver The President may waive subsection (a) if the President determines that it is important to the national security interest of the United States to do so. (d) Exemption The restriction in subsection (a) shall not apply to assistance intended to help reform the Palestinian Authority and affiliated institutions, or the governing entity, in order to help meet the requirements of subsection (a), consistent with the provisions of section 7040 of this Act ( Limitation on Assistance for the Palestinian Authority ). PROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE TO THE PALESTINIAN BROADCASTING CORPORATION 7038. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to provide equipment, technical support, consulting services, or any other form of assistance to the Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation. ASSISTANCE FOR THE WEST BANK AND GAZA 7039. (a) Oversight For fiscal year 2024, 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds for the bilateral West Bank and Gaza Program, the Secretary of State shall certify to the Committees on Appropriations that procedures have been established to assure the Comptroller General of the United States will have access to appropriate United States financial information in order to review the uses of United States assistance for the Program funded under the heading Economic Support Fund for the West Bank and Gaza. (b) Vetting Prior to the obligation of funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza, the Secretary of State shall take all appropriate steps to ensure that such assistance is not provided to or through any individual, private or government entity, or educational institution that the Secretary knows or has reason to believe advocates, plans, sponsors, engages in, or has engaged in, terrorist activity nor, with respect to private entities or educational institutions, those that have as a principal officer of the entity's governing board or governing board of trustees any individual that has been determined to be involved in, or advocating terrorist activity or determined to be a member of a designated foreign terrorist organization: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall, as appropriate, establish procedures specifying the steps to be taken in carrying out this subsection and shall terminate assistance to any individual, entity, or educational institution which the Secretary has determined to be involved in or advocating terrorist activity. (c) Prohibition (1) Recognition of acts of terrorism None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act for assistance under the West Bank and Gaza Program may be made available for— (A) the purpose of recognizing or otherwise honoring individuals who commit, or have committed acts of terrorism; and (B) any educational institution located in the West Bank or Gaza that is named after an individual who the Secretary of State determines has committed an act of terrorism. (2) Security assistance and reporting requirement Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available by this or prior appropriations Acts, including funds made available by transfer, may be made available for obligation for security assistance for the West Bank and Gaza until the Secretary of State reports to the Committees on Appropriations on— (A) the benchmarks that have been established for security assistance for the West Bank and Gaza and on the extent of Palestinian compliance with such benchmarks; and (B) the steps being taken by the Palestinian Authority to end torture and other cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment of detainees, including by bringing to justice members of Palestinian security forces who commit such crimes. (d) Oversight by the united states agency for international development (1) The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall ensure that Federal or non-Federal audits of all contractors and grantees, and significant subcontractors and sub-grantees, under the West Bank and Gaza Program, are conducted at least on an annual basis to ensure, among other things, compliance with this section. (2) Of the funds appropriated by this Act, up to $1,500,000 may be used by the Office of Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development for audits, investigations, and other activities in furtherance of the requirements of this subsection: Provided, That such funds are in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes. (e) Comptroller general of the united states audit Subsequent to the certification specified in subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit and an investigation of the treatment, handling, and uses of all funds for the bilateral West Bank and Gaza Program, including all funds provided as cash transfer assistance, in fiscal year 2024 under the heading Economic Support Fund , and such audit shall address— (1) the extent to which such Program complies with the requirements of subsections (b) and (c); and (2) an examination of all programs, projects, and activities carried out under such Program, including both obligations and expenditures. (f) Notification procedures Funds made available in this Act for West Bank and Gaza shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE FOR THE PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY 7040. (a) Prohibition of funds None of the funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be obligated or expended with respect to providing funds to the Palestinian Authority. (b) Waiver The prohibition included in subsection (a) shall not apply if the President certifies in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore of the Senate, and the Committees on Appropriations that waiving such prohibition is important to the national security interest of the United States. (c) Period of application of waiver Any waiver pursuant to subsection (b) shall be effective for no more than a period of 6 months at a time and shall not apply beyond 12 months after the enactment of this Act. (d) Report Whenever the waiver authority pursuant to subsection (b) is exercised, the President shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations detailing the justification for the waiver, the purposes for which the funds will be spent, and the accounting procedures in place to ensure that the funds are properly disbursed: Provided, That the report shall also detail the steps the Palestinian Authority has taken to arrest terrorists, confiscate weapons and dismantle the terrorist infrastructure. (e) Certification If the President exercises the waiver authority under subsection (b), the Secretary of State must certify and report to the Committees on Appropriations prior to the obligation of funds that the Palestinian Authority has established a single treasury account for all Palestinian Authority financing and all financing mechanisms flow through this account, no parallel financing mechanisms exist outside of the Palestinian Authority treasury account, and there is a single comprehensive civil service roster and payroll, and the Palestinian Authority is acting to counter incitement of violence against Israelis and is supporting activities aimed at promoting peace, coexistence, and security cooperation with Israel. (f) Prohibition to hamas and the palestine liberation organization (1) None of the funds appropriated in titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated for salaries of personnel of the Palestinian Authority located in Gaza or may be obligated or expended for assistance to Hamas or any entity effectively controlled by Hamas, any power-sharing government of which Hamas is a member, or that results from an agreement with Hamas and over which Hamas exercises undue influence. (2) Notwithstanding the limitation of paragraph (1), assistance may be provided to a power-sharing government only if the President certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government, including all of its ministers or such equivalent, has publicly accepted and is complying with the principles contained in section 620K(b)(1) (A) and (B) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended. (3) The President may exercise the authority in section 620K(e) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as added by the Palestinian Anti-Terrorism Act of 2006 ( Public Law 109–446 ) with respect to this subsection. (4) Whenever the certification pursuant to paragraph (2) is exercised, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations within 120 days of the certification and every quarter thereafter on whether such government, including all of its ministers or such equivalent are continuing to comply with the principles contained in section 620K(b)(1) (A) and (B) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended: Provided , That the report shall also detail the amount, purposes and delivery mechanisms for any assistance provided pursuant to the abovementioned certification and a full accounting of any direct support of such government. (5) None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated for assistance for the Palestine Liberation Organization. MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA 7041. (a) Egypt (1) Assistance Of the funds appropriated by this Act for assistance for Egypt— (A) not less than $125,000,000 shall be made available from funds under the heading Economic Support Fund , of which not less than $40,000,000 should be made available for higher education programs, including not less than $15,000,000 for scholarships for Egyptian students with high financial need to attend not-for-profit institutions of higher education in Egypt that are currently accredited by a regional accrediting agency recognized by the United States Department of Education, or meets standards equivalent to those required for United States institutional accreditation by a regional accrediting agency recognized by such Department: Provided , That such funds shall be made available for democracy programs, and for development programs in the Sinai. (B) not less than $1,300,000,000 shall be made available from funds under the heading “Foreign Military Financing Program”, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided , That such funds may be transferred to an interest bearing account in the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. (2) Additional Security Assistance In addition to funds made available pursuant to paragraph (1), not less than $75,000,000 of the funds appropriated under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program shall be made available for assistance for Egypt. (3) Certification and report Funds appropriated by this Act that are available for assistance for Egypt may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law restricting assistance for Egypt, except for this subsection and section 620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and may only be made available for assistance for the Government of Egypt if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government is— (A) sustaining the strategic relationship with the United States; and (B) meeting its obligations under the 1979 Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty. (b) Iran (1) Funding Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Diplomatic Programs , Economic Support Fund , and Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs shall be made available by the Secretary of State— (A) to support the United States policy to prevent Iran from achieving the capability to produce or otherwise obtain a nuclear weapon; (B) to support an expeditious response to any violation of United Nations Security Council Resolutions or to efforts that advance Iran’s nuclear program; (C) to support the implementation and enforcement of sanctions against Iran for support of nuclear weapons development, terrorism, human rights abuses, and ballistic missile and weapons proliferation; and (D) for democracy programs in support of the aspirations of the Iranian people. (2) Reports (A) Semi-annual report The Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations the semi-annual report required by section 135(d)(4) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 ( 42 U.S.C. 2160e(d)(4) ), as added by section 2 of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 ( Public Law 114–17 ). (B) Sanctions report Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on— (i) the status of United States bilateral sanctions on Iran; (ii) the reimposition and renewed enforcement of secondary sanctions; and (iii) the impact such sanctions have had on Iran’s destabilizing activities throughout the Middle East. (3) Limitations None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be— (A) used to implement or enforce a future agreement with the Government of Iran relating to the nuclear program of Iran, or a renewal of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action adopted on October 18, 2015, until such agreement is transmitted to Congress pursuant to section 135 of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 ( 42 U.S.C. 2160e ) and such agreement is subject to the advice and consent of the Senate as a treaty and has received the concurrence of two-thirds of Senators concurring; (B) made available to any foreign entity or person that is subject to United Nations or United States bilateral sanctions with respect to the Government of Iran or an entity organized under the laws of Iran or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of such government; or (C) used to revoke the designation of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps as a Foreign Terrorist Organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1189 ). (c) Iraq (1) Purposes Funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act shall be made available for assistance for Iraq for— (A) bilateral economic assistance and international security assistance, including in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq; (B) stabilization assistance; (C) programs to support government transparency and accountability, judicial independence, protect the right of due process, and combat corruption; (D) humanitarian assistance, including in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq; (E) programs to protect and assist religious and ethnic minority populations; and (F) programs to increase United States private sector investment. (2) Limitation Funds appropriated by this Act under titles III through VI may not be made available to an organization or entity controlled by, or an affiliate of, the Badr Organization or to any other organization or entity for which the Secretary of State has credible information is a proxy of Iran. (d) Israel Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program , not less than $3,300,000,000 shall be available for grants only for Israel which shall be disbursed within 30 days of enactment of this Act: Provided, That to the extent that the Government of Israel requests that funds be used for such purposes, grants made available for Israel under this heading shall, as agreed by the United States and Israel, be available for advanced weapons systems, of which not less than $725,300,000 shall be available for the procurement in Israel of defense articles and defense services, including research and development. (e) Jordan Of the funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV, not less than $1,650,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for Jordan, of which not less than $845,100,000 shall be made available for budget support for the Government of Jordan and not less than $425,000,000 shall be made available under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program . (f) Lebanon (1) Limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for the Lebanese Internal Security Forces (ISF) or the Lebanese Armed Forces (LAF) if the ISF or the LAF is controlled by a foreign terrorist organization, as designated pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1189 ). (2) Security assistance (A) Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement and Foreign Military Financing Program that are made available for assistance for Lebanon may be made available for programs and equipment for the ISF and the LAF to address security and stability requirements in areas affected by conflict in Syria, following consultation with the appropriate congressional committees. (B) Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program that are made available for assistance for Lebanon may only be made available for programs to— (i) professionalize the LAF to mitigate internal and external threats from non-state actors, including Hizballah; (ii) strengthen the security of borders and combat terrorism, including training and equipping the LAF to secure the borders of Lebanon and address security and stability requirements in areas affected by conflict in Syria, interdicting arms shipments, and preventing the use of Lebanon as a safe haven for terrorist groups; and (iii) implement United Nations Security Council Resolution 1701: Provided, That prior to obligating funds made available by this subparagraph for assistance for the LAF, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a spend plan, including actions to be taken to ensure equipment provided to the LAF is used only for the intended purposes, except such plan may not be considered as meeting the notification requirements under section 7015 of this Act or under section 634A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided further, That any notification submitted pursuant to such section shall include any funds specifically intended for lethal military equipment. (g) Morocco Funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act shall be made available for assistance for Morocco. (h) Saudi arabia (1) None of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading International Military Education and Training should be made available for assistance for the Government of Saudi Arabia. (2) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs should be obligated or expended by the Export-Import Bank of the United States to guarantee, insure, or extend (or participate in the extension of) credit in connection with the export of nuclear technology, equipment, fuel, materials, or other nuclear technology-related goods or services to Saudi Arabia unless the Government of Saudi Arabia— (A) has in effect a nuclear cooperation agreement pursuant to section 123 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 ( 42 U.S.C. 2153 ); (B) has committed to renounce uranium enrichment and reprocessing on its territory under that agreement; and (C) has signed and implemented an Additional Protocol to its Comprehensive Safeguards Agreement with the International Atomic Energy Agency. (i) Syria (1) Non-lethal assistance Funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV may be made available, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for non-lethal stabilization assistance to address the needs of civilians affected by conflict in Syria. (2) Limitations Funds made available pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection— (A) may not be made available for a project or activity that supports or otherwise legitimizes the Government of Iran, foreign terrorist organizations (as designated pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1189 )), or a proxy of Iran in Syria; (B) may not be made available for activities that further the strategic objectives of the Government of the Russian Federation that the Secretary of State determines may threaten or undermine United States national security interests; and (C) may not be used in areas of Syria controlled by a government led by Bashar al-Assad or associated forces or made available to an organization or entity effectively controlled by an official or immediate family member of an official of such government. (3) Monitoring, oversight, consultation, and notification (A) Prior to the obligation of funds appropriated by this Act and made available for assistance for Syria, the Secretary of State shall take all practicable steps to ensure that mechanisms are in place for monitoring, oversight, and control of such assistance inside Syria. (B) Section 7015(j) of this Act regarding the notification of assistance diverted or destroyed shall apply to funds made available for assistance for Syria. (C) Funds made available pursuant to this subsection may only be made available following consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such consultation shall include the steps taken to comply with subparagraph (A). (j) West bank and gaza (1) Report on assistance Prior to the initial obligation of funds made available by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza, the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appropriations that the purpose of such assistance is to— (A) advance Middle East peace; (B) improve security in the region; (C) continue support for transparent and accountable government institutions; (D) promote a private sector economy; or (E) address urgent humanitarian needs. (2) Limitations (A) None of the funds appropriated under the heading Economic Support Fund in this Act may be made available for assistance for the Palestinian Authority, if after the date of enactment of this Act— (i) the Palestinians obtain the same standing as member states or full membership as a state in the United Nations or any specialized agency thereof outside an agreement negotiated between Israel and the Palestinians; or (ii) the Palestinians initiate an International Criminal Court (ICC) judicially authorized investigation, or actively support such an investigation, that subjects Israeli nationals to an investigation for alleged crimes against Palestinians. (B) (i) The President may waive the provisions of section 1003 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1988 and 1989 ( Public Law 100–204 ) if the President determines and certifies in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore of the Senate, and the appropriate congressional committees that the Palestinians have not, after the date of enactment of this Act— (I) obtained in the United Nations or any specialized agency thereof the same standing as member states or full membership as a state outside an agreement negotiated between Israel and the Palestinians; (II) initiated or actively supported an ICC investigation against Israeli nationals for alleged crimes against Palestinians; and (III) initiated any further action, whether directly or indirectly, based on an Advisory Opinion of the International Court of Justice that undermines direct negotiations to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, including matters related to final status and Israel’s longstanding security rights and responsibilities. (ii) Not less than 90 days after the President is unable to make the certification pursuant to clause (i) of this subparagraph, the President may waive section 1003 of Public Law 100–204 if the President determines and certifies in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore of the Senate, and the Committees on Appropriations that the Palestinians have entered into direct and meaningful negotiations with Israel: Provided, That any waiver of the provisions of section 1003 of Public Law 100–204 under clause (i) of this subparagraph or under previous provisions of law must expire before the waiver under this clause may be exercised. (iii) Any waiver pursuant to this subparagraph shall be effective for no more than a period of 6 months at a time and shall not apply beyond 12 months after the enactment of this Act. (3) Application of taylor force act Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund that are made available for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza shall be made available consistent with section 1004(a) of the Taylor Force Act (title X of division S of Public Law 115–141 ). (4) Security report The reporting requirements in section 1404 of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2008 ( Public Law 110–252 ) shall apply to funds made available by this Act, including a description of modifications, if any, to the security strategy of the Palestinian Authority. (5) Incitement report Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees detailing steps taken by the Palestinian Authority to counter incitement of violence against Israelis and to promote peace and coexistence with Israel. (6) Office Requirements The Office of Palestinian Affairs in Jerusalem shall report directly to the United States Ambassador to Israel, consistent with the operations of the previous Palestinian Affairs Unit, and may not administer or manage funds appropriated under title III of this Act. AFRICA 7042. (a) Counter illicit armed groups Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available for programs and activities in areas affected by the Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA) or other illicit armed groups in Eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Central African Republic, including to improve physical access, telecommunications infrastructure, and early-warning mechanisms and to support the disarmament, demobilization, and reintegration of former LRA combatants, especially child soldiers. (b) Ethiopia Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Ethiopia should be used to support— (1) implementation of the cessation of hostilities agreement in Tigray; (2) political dialogues and confidence building measures to end other conflicts in the country; (3) civil society and protect human rights; (4) efforts to provide unimpeded access to humanitarian assistance; (5) investigations and prosecutions of gross violations of human rights; and (6) restoration of basic services in areas impacted by conflict. (c) Malawi Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for higher education programs in Malawi shall be made available for higher education and workforce development programs in agriculture as described under this section in the report accompanying this Act. (d) Power Africa all-of-the-above energy policy None of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act may be made available for renewable energy programs as part of Power Africa until the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that no less than the total funds allocated for renewable energy during the previous fiscal year has been allocated in fiscal year 2024 for other sources of energy included in paragraph (8) of section 3 of the Electrify Africa Act of 2015 ( Public Law 114–121 ). (e) South sudan None of the funds appropriated by this Act under title IV may be made available for assistance for the central Government of South Sudan, except to support implementation of outstanding issues of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement, mutual arrangements related to post-referendum issues associated with such Agreement, or any other viable peace agreement in South Sudan: Provided, That funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for any new program, project, or activity in South Sudan shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees. (f) Sudan Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for any new program, project, or activity in Sudan shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (g) Zimbabwe (1) Instruction The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to vote against any extension by the respective institution of any loan or grant to the Government of Zimbabwe, except to meet basic human needs or to promote democracy, unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the rule of law has been restored, including respect for ownership and title to property, and freedoms of expression, association, and assembly. (2) Limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available for assistance for the central Government of Zimbabwe, except for health and education, unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports as required in paragraph (1). EAST ASIA AND THE PACIFIC 7043. (a) Burma (1) Uses of funds Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund may be made available for assistance for Burma to support implementation of paragraphs (1) through (7) of section 5575 of the BURMA Act of 2022 (subtitle E of title LV of division E of Public Law 117–263 ), and, which— (A) may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law that restricts assistance to countries, except for the limitations of section 5576 of such Act and section 7008 of this Act, and following consultation with the appropriate congressional committees; (B) may be made available for support for the administrative operations and programs of entities that support peaceful efforts to establish an inclusive and representative democracy in Burma and a federal union to foster equality and justice among Burma’s diverse ethnic groups; (C) shall be made available for programs to promote ethnic and religious tolerance, unity, and accountability and to combat violence against women and girls across Burma, and among Burmese displaced and refugee populations in the region; (D) shall be made available for community-based organizations with experience operating in Thailand and may be made available elsewhere outside of Burma to provide food, medical, and other humanitarian assistance to internally displaced persons in Burma, in addition to assistance for Burmese refugees from funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Migration and Refugee Assistance ; and (E) shall be made available for programs and activities to investigate and document violations of human rights in Burma committed by the military junta and its affiliated militias. (2) International security assistance None of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings International Military Education and Training and Foreign Military Financing Program may be made available for assistance for Burma. (3) Limitations None of the funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Burma may be made available to the State Administration Council or any organization or entity controlled by, or an affiliate of, the armed forces of Burma, or to any individual or organization that has committed a gross violation of human rights or advocates violence against ethnic or religious groups or individuals in Burma, as determined by the Secretary of State for programs administered by the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development or the President of the National Endowment for Democracy (NED) for programs administered by NED. (4) Consultation Any new program or activity in Burma initiated in fiscal year 2024 shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees. (b) Cambodia (1) Certification and exceptions (A) Certification None of the funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for the Government of Cambodia may be obligated or expended unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such Government is taking effective steps to— (i) strengthen regional security and stability, particularly regarding territorial disputes in the South China Sea and the enforcement of international sanctions with respect to North Korea; (ii) assert its sovereignty against interference by the People’s Republic of China, including by verifiably maintaining the neutrality of Ream Naval Base, other military installations in Cambodia, and dual use facilities such as the runway at the Dara Sakor development project; (iii) cease violence, threats, and harassment against civil society and the political opposition in Cambodia, and dismiss any politically motivated criminal charges against critics of the government; and (iv) respect the rights, freedoms, and responsibilities enshrined in the Constitution of the Kingdom of Cambodia as enacted in 1993. (B) Exceptions The certification required by subparagraph (A) shall not apply to funds appropriated by this Act and made available for programs to strengthen the sovereignty of Cambodia, and programs to educate and inform the people of Cambodia of the influence activities of the People’s Republic of China in Cambodia. (2) Uses of funds Funds appropriated under title III of this Act for assistance for Cambodia shall be made available for— (A) research, documentation, and education programs associated with the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia; and (B) programs in the Khmer language to monitor, map, and publicize the efforts by the People’s Republic of China to expand its influence in Cambodia. (c) Indo-Pacific strategy and the asia reassurance initiative act of 2018 (1) Diplomatic engagement Of the funds appropriated under title I of this Act, not less than $1,238,255,000 should be made available to support implementation of the Indo-Pacific Strategy and the Asia Reassurance Initiative Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–409 ): Provided , That funds under the heading Diplomatic Program that are allocated pursuant to this paragraph may be transferred to, and merged with, funds under the heading Related Programs in title I of this Act and under the heading Operating Expenses in title II of this Act to carry out the purposes of this paragraph: Provided further , That the transfer authority of this paragraph is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by this Act or any other Act and shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (2) Assistance Of the funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act, not less than $2,161,745,000 shall be made available to support implementation of the Indo-Pacific Strategy and the Asia Reassurance Initiative Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–409 ). (3) Countering prc influence fund Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs , and Foreign Military Financing Program , not less than $400,000,000 shall be made available for a Countering PRC Influence Fund to counter the influence of the Government of the People’s Republic of China and the Chinese Communist Party and entities acting on their behalf globally, which shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such funds are in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purposes: Provided further , That up to 10 percent of such funds shall be held in reserve to respond to unanticipated opportunities to counter PRC influence: Provided further, That the uses of such funds shall be the joint responsibility of the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator, and shall be allocated as described under this section in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to this paragraph under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program may remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided further, That funds appropriated by this Act for such Fund under the headings International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs , and Foreign Military Financing Program may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under such headings: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by this Act or any other Act, and is subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (4) Restriction on uses of funds None of the funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for any project or activity that directly supports or promotes— (A) the Belt and Road Initiative or any dual-use infrastructure projects of the People’s Republic of China; or (B) the use of technology, including biotechnology, digital, telecommunications, and cyber, developed by the People’s Republic of China unless the Secretary of State, in consultation with the USAID Administrator and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, determines that such use does not adversely impact the national security of the United States. (5) Maps None of the funds made available by this Act should be used to create, procure, or display any map that inaccurately depicts the territory and social and economic system of Taiwan and the islands or island groups administered by Taiwan authorities. (d) North korea (1) Cybersecurity None of the funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees engages in significant transactions contributing materially to the malicious cyber-intrusion capabilities of the Government of North Korea: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall submit the report required by section 209 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–122 ; 22 U.S.C. 9229 ) to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State may waive the application of the restriction in this paragraph with respect to assistance for the central government of a country if the Secretary determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that to do so is important to the national security interest of the United States, including a description of such interest served. (2) Broadcasts Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading International Broadcasting Operations shall be made available to maintain broadcasting hours into North Korea at levels not less than the prior fiscal year. (3) Human rights Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Economic Support Fund and Democracy Fund shall be made available for the promotion of human rights in North Korea: Provided, That the authority of section 7032(b)(1) of this Act shall apply to such funds. (4) Limitation on use of funds None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund may be made available for assistance for the Government of North Korea. (e) Pacific islands countries (1) Operations Funds appropriated under title I in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for establishing and operating diplomatic facilities in Kiribati, Tonga, Solomon Islands, and Vanuatu, subject to section 7015(a)(3) of this Act and following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (2) Assistance Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs , and Foreign Military Financing Program , not less than $175,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for Pacific Islands countries following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That funds made available pursuant to this paragraph shall be made available for joint development and security programs between the United States and such countries in coordination with regional allies and partners, including Taiwan. (f) People's republic of china (1) Prohibition (A) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the Government of People’s Republic of China or the Chinese Communist Party. (B) None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used to implement, administer, carry out, modify, revise, or enforce any action that directly supports or facilitates forced labor or other violations of human rights, crimes against humanity, or genocide in the People’s Republic of China. (2) Hong kong (A) Democracy programs Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the first paragraph under the heading Democracy Fund , not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for democracy and Internet freedom programs for Hong Kong, including legal and other support for democracy activists. (B) Report The report required under section 7043(f)(3)(C) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2021 (division K of Public Law 116–260 ) shall be updated and submitted to the Congress in the manner described. (g) Philippines Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program , not less than $40,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for the Philippines. (h) Taiwan (1) Global cooperation and training framework Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund , not less than $4,000,000 shall be made available for the Global Cooperation and Training Framework, which shall be administered by the American Institute in Taiwan, and shall be apportioned and allotted to the American Institute in Taiwan not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) Foreign military financing program Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program , not less than $500,000,000 (increased by $10,000,000) shall be made available for assistance for Taiwan, as authorized by section 5502(h) of the Taiwan Enhanced Resilience Act (subtitle A of title LV of division E of Public Law 117–263 ): Provided, That the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, shall prioritize the delivery of defense articles and services for Taiwan. (3) Foreign military financing program loan and loan guarantee authority Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program , except for amounts designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, may be made available for the costs, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans and loan guarantees for Taiwan, as authorized by section 5502(g) of the Taiwan Enhanced Resilience Act (subtitle A of title LV of division E of Public Law 117–263 ). (4) Fellowship program Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Payment to the American Institute in Taiwan shall be made available to establish a Taiwan Fellowship Program. (5) Consultation Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the uses of funds made available pursuant to this subsection: Provided, That such funds shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (i) Tibet (1) Programs for tibetan communities (A) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund , not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available to nongovernmental organizations with experience working with Tibetan communities to support activities which preserve cultural traditions and promote sustainable development, education, and environmental conservation in Tibetan communities in the Tibet Autonomous Region and in other Tibetan communities in China, as authorized by section 346(d) of the Tibetan Policy and Support Act of 2020 (subtitle E of title III of division FF of Public Law 116–260 ). (B) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund , not less than $8,000,000 shall be made available for programs to promote and preserve Tibetan culture and language in the refugee and diaspora Tibetan communities, development, and the resilience of Tibetan communities and the Central Tibetan Administration in India and Nepal, and to assist in the education and development of the next generation of Tibetan leaders from such communities, as authorized by section 346(e) of the Tibetan Policy and Support Act of 2020 (subtitle E of title III of division FF of Public Law 116–260 ): Provided, That such funds are in addition to amounts made available in subparagraph (A) for programs inside Tibet. (C) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund , not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for programs to strengthen the capacity of the Central Tibetan Administration, as authorized by section 346(f) of the Tibetan Policy and Support Act of 2020 (subtitle E of title III of division FF of Public Law 116–260 ), of which not less than $2,000,000 shall be provided to address economic growth and capacity building activities, including for displaced Tibetan refugee families in India and Nepal to help them meet basic needs: Provided, That such funds shall be administered by USAID. SOUTH AND CENTRAL ASIA 7044. (a) Afghanistan (1) Restriction None of the funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs and made available for assistance for Afghanistan may be made available for— (A) assistance to the Taliban; or (B) a United States contribution to a multi-donor trust fund for Afghanistan unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that such contribution will not benefit the Taliban, directly or indirectly. (2) Afghan Women-led Organizations Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Afghanistan shall be made available for a program for Afghan women-led organizations to support education, human rights, and economic livelihoods in Afghanistan: Provided , That such program shall be co-designed by Afghan women. (3) Afghan students Funds appropriated under title III of this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be made available to— (A) support the higher education of students from Afghanistan studying outside of the country, including the costs of reimbursement to institutions hosting such students, as appropriate: Provided, That the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to the initial obligation of funds for such purposes; and (B) provide modified learning opportunities for women and girls in Afghanistan, including but not limited to, efforts to expand internet access, online schooling, and distribution of educational content. (b) Pakistan (1) Limitation Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program that are made available for assistance for Pakistan may only be made available to support counterterrorism and counterinsurgency capabilities in Pakistan. (2) Withholding Of the funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act that are made available for assistance for Pakistan, $33,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State reports to the appropriate congressional committees that Dr. Shakil Afridi has been released from prison and cleared of all charges relating to the assistance provided to the United States in locating Osama bin Laden. (c) Sri lanka (1) Assistance Funds appropriated under title III of this Act shall be made available for assistance for Sri Lanka for democracy and economic development programs, particularly in areas recovering from ethnic and religious conflict. (2) Certification Funds appropriated by this Act for assistance for the central Government of Sri Lanka may be made available only if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such Government is taking effective and consistent steps to— (A) protect the rights and freedoms of the people of Sri Lanka regardless of ethnicity and religious belief, including by investigating violations of human rights and the laws of war and holding perpetrators of such violations accountable; (B) engage in the fundamental, systemic, political, economic, military, and legal reform necessary to recover from the current financial collapse and to prevent conflict and economic crises in the future; (C) increase transparency and accountability in governance and combat corruption; (D) assert its sovereignty against influence by the People’s Republic of China; and (E) promote reconciliation between ethnic and religious groups, particularly arising from past conflict in Sri Lanka: Provided, That the limitations of this paragraph shall not apply to funds made available for humanitarian assistance and disaster relief; to protect human rights, locate and identify missing persons, and assist victims of torture and trauma; to promote justice, accountability, and reconciliation; to enhance maritime security and domain awareness; to promote fiscal transparency and sovereignty; and for International Military Education and Training. (3) Limitation Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for the Sri Lankan armed forces may only be made available for humanitarian assistance, disaster relief, instruction in human rights and related curricula development, maritime security and domain awareness, including professionalization and training for the navy and coast guard, and for programs and activities under the heading International Military Education and Training . LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN 7045. (a) Assistance for Latin America and the Caribbean (1) Assistance Funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV and made available for countries in Latin America and the Caribbean shall be prioritized for countries and programs that are— (A) countering fentanyl and other narcotics trafficking; (B) respecting norms of democracy, constitutional order, and human rights; (C) cooperating in the countering of regional and global authoritarian threats; and (D) demonstrating commitment and progress in offsetting large-scale migration and human trafficking from or through the Western Hemisphere. (2) Strategic priorities Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees on a hemispheric plan to further the strategic priorities contained in paragraph (1): Provided, That such plan shall include baseline definitions for the requirements in subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D). (b) Central America (1) Assistance Funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act shall be made available for assistance for countries in Central America, including Panama and Costa Rica, and shall be allocated to address the unique circumstances of each country in support of United States security interests in the region. (2) Limitation on Assistance to Certain Central Governments (A) Of the funds made available pursuant to paragraph (1), 50 percent of such funds that are made available for assistance for each of the central governments of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras, may only be obligated after the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government is— (i) cooperating with the United States to counter drug trafficking, human trafficking and smuggling, and other illicit transnational crime; (ii) cooperating with the United States and other governments in the region to facilitate the return, repatriation, and reintegration of migrants arriving at the southwest border of the United States who do not qualify for asylum, consistent with international law; (iii) taking demonstrable actions to secure national borders and stem mass migration towards Mexico and the United States, including positive governance related to combating crime and violence, building economic opportunity, improving services, and protecting human rights; (iv) improving strategies to combat money laundering and other global financial crimes, and counter corruption, including investigating and prosecuting government officials, military personnel, and police officers credibly alleged to be corrupt; (v) improving rule of law and taking positive steps to counter impunity; and (vi) improving the conditions for businesses to operate and invest, including investment-friendly tax reform, transparent and expeditious dispute resolution, and legal frameworks protecting private property rights. (B) Exceptions The limitation of subparagraph (A) shall not apply to funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for— (i) judicial entities to combat corruption and impunity; (ii) investigation of human rights abuses; (iii) support for women’s economic empowerment; (iv) prevention of violence against women and girls; (v) security assistance to combat transnational crime, including narcotics trafficking; (vi) security assistance to protect national borders; and (vii) security assistance associated with migration protection. (c) Colombia (1) Limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for assistance for Colombia may be made available for— (A) reparation payments or cash subsidies outlined in the 2016 Peace Accords; and (B) alternative development assistance on properties where substances deemed illegal under the Controlled Substance Act of 1970 are grown, produced, imported, or distributed. (2) Oversight Of the funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the heading Economic Support Fund , up to $1,000,000 may be used by the Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development for audits and other activities related to compliance with the limitations in paragraph (1): Provided, That such funds are in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes. (3) Authority Aircraft supported by funds made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs and made available for assistance for Colombia may be used to transport personnel and supplies involved in drug eradication and interdiction, including security for such activities. (d) Cuba (1) Democracy programs Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund , not less than $30,000,000 shall be made available to promote democracy and strengthen civil society in Cuba, including to support political prisoners, and shall be administered by the United States Agency for International Development, the National Endowment for Democracy, and the Bureau for Democracy Human Rights and Labor, Department of State: Provided, That no funds shall be obligated for business promotion, economic reform, entrepreneurship, or any other assistance that is not democracy building as expressly authorized in the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 and the Cuban Democracy Act of 1992. (2) Office of Cuba Broadcasting Not less than 50 percent of broadcast production of the Office of Cuba Broadcasting shall be allocated for medium- and short-wave broadcasting. (e) Cuban doctors (1) Report Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees listing the countries and international organizations for which the Secretary has credible information are directly paying the Government of Cuba for coerced and trafficked labor of Cuban medical professionals: Provided, That such report shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (2) Limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act under title III may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country or international organization that is listed in the report required by paragraph (1). (3) Resumption of assistance The Secretary may resume assistance to the government of a country or international organization listed in the report required by paragraph (1) if the Secretary determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that such government or international organization no longer pays the Government of Cuba for coerced and trafficked labor of Cuban medical professionals. (f) Facilitating irresponsible migration (1) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to encourage, mobilize, publicize, or manage mass-migration caravans towards the United States southwest border: Provided, That not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall report to the appropriate congressional committees with analysis on the organization and funding of mass-migration caravans in the Western Hemisphere. (2) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to designate foreign nationals residing in Mexico and awaiting entry into the United States on the Mexico side of the United States border as of May 19, 2023 for Priority 2 processing under the refugee resettlement priority system unless such Priority 2 designation is expressly authorized by a subsequent Act of Congress. (g) Haiti (1) Assistance Funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV shall be made available for assistance for Haiti to support the basic needs of the Haitian people. (2) Certification Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Haiti may only be made available for the central Government of Haiti if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees by January 1, 2025 that credible elections have been held in Haiti and it is in the national interest of the United States to provide such assistance. (3) Exceptions Notwithstanding paragraph (1), funds may be made available to support— (A) free and fair elections; (B) anti-gang police and administration of justice programs, including to reduce pre-trial detention and eliminate inhumane prison conditions; (C) public health, food security, subsistence farmers, water and sanitation, education, and other programs to meet basic human needs; and (D) disaster relief and recovery. (4) Consultation Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for assistance for Haiti shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided , That the requirement of this paragraph shall also apply to any funds from such Acts that are made available for support for an international security force in Haiti. (5) Haitian coast guard The Government of Haiti shall be eligible to purchase defense articles and services under the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq. ) for the Coast Guard. (h) Mexico (1) Of the funds appropriated under title IV in this Act that are made available for assistance for Mexico, 15 percent shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the Government of Mexico has taken steps to— (A) reduce the amount of fentanyl arriving at the United States-Mexico border; and (B) dismantle and hold accountable transnational criminal organizations. (2) Prior to the initial obligation of funds made available for assistance for Mexico under the heading Economic Support Fund , but not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall report to the appropriate congressional committees on how such funds are strategically aligned to address the proliferation of fentanyl and other opioids from Mexico to the United States. (i) Nicaragua Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Nicaragua shall only be made available for democracy promotion, including to support religious freedom. (j) Organization of American states The Secretary of State shall reduce funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance and Economic Support Fund that are made available for assistance for Member States of the Organization of American States (OAS) by an amount equal to the amount of arrears in excess of 100 percent of 2023 assessed quotas, as of the date of enactment of this Act, and re-apply such amount to the Coordinating Office of the OAS General Secretariat: Provided , That the Secretary of State may waive the requirement of this subsection for a Member State if the Secretary determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that it is important to the national security interest of the United States. (k) The caribbean Of the funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV, not less than $97,500,000 shall be made available for the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative: Provided, That funds made available above the fiscal year 2023 level shall be prioritized for countries within the transit zones of illicit drug shipments toward the United States, that have increased interdiction of illicit drugs, and are most directly impacted by the crisis in Haiti. (l) Venezuela (1) Assistance (A) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund , $50,000,000 shall be made available for democracy programs for Venezuela. (B) Of the funds made available pursuant to subparagraph (A) that are allocated for electoral-related activities, 50 percent may only be obligated after the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that elections related to such activities— (i) allow for the diaspora from Venezuela to participate; and (ii) are open for credible, unaccompanied international observation. (C) Funds shall be made available for assistance for communities in countries supporting or otherwise impacted by migrants from Venezuela: Provided, That such amounts are in addition to funds otherwise made available for assistance for such countries and are subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (2) Limitations None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to negotiate the lifting of sanctions on the purchase or trade of gold extracted from Venezuela until the Secretary of State submits a report to the appropriate congressional committees on human rights abuses, crimes against humanity involving Indigenous peoples, environmental harm, and patrimonial theft associated with state-sponsored and illegal gold extraction from Venezuela's Orinoco Mining Arc and in national parks and reserves in Venezuela, including the Canaima National Park, and following consultation with such committees. (m) Withholding Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs and made available for the Office of the Secretary, 15 percent shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State reports to the appropriate congressional committees that negotiations have begun with each of the governments listed in section 302 of H.R. 2, as passed by the House of Representatives on May 5, 2023, to carry out the directives of such section: Provided, That such report shall detail the status of such negotiations with each government. EUROPE AND EURASIA 7046. (a) Georgia Funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV may be made available for assistance for Georgia. (b) Ukraine (1) Strategy Requirement Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, and the appropriate congressional committees a strategy to prioritize United States national security interests and respond to Russian aggression in Ukraine and its impact on the region, which shall include an explanation of how United States assistance for Ukraine and affected countries in the region advances the objectives of such strategy: Provided, That such strategy shall include clear goals, benchmarks, timelines, and strategic objectives with respect to funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for assistance for Ukraine: Provided further, That such strategy shall also include details on the staffing requirements necessary to carry out such strategy. (2) Purpose (A) Funds appropriated under titles I and II of this Act shall be made available to support additional staff in Ukraine and neighboring countries to conduct monitoring and oversight of funds and ensure the safety and security of United States personnel. (B) Funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act and made available for assistance for Ukraine shall only be made available to support the ability of the Government of Ukraine to— (i) defend their sovereignty and withstand the impacts of Russia’s invasion; (ii) combat corruption; and (iii) promote transparency and democracy. (3) In-person Monitoring Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Economic Support Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , and Nonproliferation, Anti-Terrorism, Demining and Related Programs , and made available for project-based assistance for Ukraine may not be obligated for any project or activity that is— (A) not regularly accessible for the purpose of conducting effective oversight in accordance with applicable federal statutes and regulations; and (B) conducted in areas where project and resource disbursement monitoring cannot be performed by United States personnel or by vetted third party monitors unless the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that to do so is in the national security interest of the United States: Provided, That such report shall include a detailed justification for waiving such limitations. (4) Cost matching (A) At any time during fiscal years 2024 and 2025, no United States contribution from funds appropriated under title III of this Act to the Government of Ukraine may cause the total amount of United States Government contributions from funds appropriated under title III of this Act to the Government of Ukraine to exceed 50 percent of the total amount of non-defense funds contributed to the Government of Ukraine from all sources. (B) The President may waive the limitation of subparagraph (A) if the President determines that the limitation included therein threatens the national security interest of the United States. (C) The President shall notify the appropriate congressional committees not less than 5 days before making the determination in subparagraph (B) and shall include in the notification— (i) a detailed justification as to why the limitation of subparagraph (A) threatens the national security interest of the United States; and (ii) an explanation as to why other donors to the Government of Ukraine are unable to match United States assistance. (D) If the President makes the determination described in subparagraph (B), the Secretary of State shall submit a report to Speaker of the House of Representatives, the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, and the appropriate congressional committees every 120 days for the duration of such determination detailing steps taken to increase other donor contributions and an update to the justification required by subparagraph (C). (5) Certification Not later than 15 days prior to the initial obligation of funds made available for assistance for Ukraine under the headings Economic Support Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Nonproliferation, Anti-Terrorism, Demining and Related Programs , and Foreign Military Financing Program , the Secretary of State, following consultation with the USAID Administrator, shall certify and report to the appropriate congressional committees that mechanisms for monitoring and oversight of funds are in place and functioning across all programs and activities to ensure accountability of such funds to prevent waste, fraud, abuse, diversion, and corruption, including such mechanisms as— (A) use of third-party monitors; (B) enhanced end-use monitoring; (C) external and independent audits and evaluations; (D) randomized spot checks; and (E) regular reporting on outcomes achieved and progress made toward stated program objectives. (6) Continuation The requirements of section 1705 of the Additional Ukraine Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2023 (division M of Public Law 117–328 ) shall apply to funds appropriated by this Act under title III that are made available for assistance for Ukraine for such purposes. (7) Notification requirement Notifications submitted pursuant to the requirement of section 7015(f) of this Act with respect to assistance for Ukraine shall include for each program notified, as applicable— (A) the total amount made available for such program by account and fiscal year; (B) any amount that remains unobligated for such program; (C) any amount that is obligated but unexpended for such program; and (D) any amount committed but not yet notified for such program. (8) Obligation report Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act and every 90 days thereafter until all such funds have been expended, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall provide a comprehensive report to the appropriate congressional committees on assistance for Ukraine since February 24, 2022 that includes total amounts— (A) made available by account and fiscal year; (B) that remain unobligated; (C) that is obligated but unexpended; and (D) that is committed but not yet notified. (9) Oversight reports Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act and every 90 days thereafter until all such funds have been expended, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the USAID Administrator, shall report to the appropriate congressional committees on the use and planned uses of funds provided for Ukraine, including categories and amounts, the intended results and the results achieved, a summary of other donor contributions, and a description of the efforts undertaken by the Secretary and Administrator to increase other donor contributions: Provided, That such reports shall also include the metrics established to measure such results and determine effectiveness of funds provided and a detailed description of coordination and information sharing with the Offices of the Inspectors General, including a full accounting of any reported allegations of waste, fraud, abuse, and corruption, steps taken to verify such allegations, and steps taken to address all verified allegations. (10) Public availability The requirements of paragraphs (1), (8), and (9) shall be publicly posted on the Department of State and the USAID website not later than 5 days after submission: Provided, That the reports shall be easily accessible and centrally located on such websites. (c) Territorial integrity None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for a government of an Independent State of the former Soviet Union if such government directs any action in violation of the territorial integrity or national sovereignty of any other Independent State of the former Soviet Union, such as those violations included in the Helsinki Final Act: Provided, That except as otherwise provided in section 7047(a) of this Act, funds may be made available without regard to the restriction in this subsection if the President determines that to do so is in the national security interest of the United States: Provided further, That prior to executing the authority contained in the previous proviso, the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on how such assistance supports the national security interest of the United States. (d) Section 907 of the FREEDOM support act Section 907 of the FREEDOM Support Act ( 22 U.S.C. 5812 note) shall not apply to— (1) activities to support democracy or assistance under title V of the FREEDOM Support Act ( 22 U.S.C. 5851 et seq. ) and section 1424 of the Defense Against Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 1996 ( 50 U.S.C. 2333 ) or non-proliferation assistance; (2) any assistance provided by the Trade and Development Agency under section 661 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961; (3) any activity carried out by a member of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service while acting within his or her official capacity; (4) any insurance, reinsurance, guarantee, or other assistance provided by the United States International Development Finance Corporation as authorized by the BUILD Act of 2018 (division F of Public Law 115–254 ); (5) any financing provided under the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 ( Public Law 79–173 ); or (6) humanitarian assistance. (e) Turkey None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to facilitate or support the sale of defense articles or defense services to the Turkish Presidential Protection Directorate (TPPD) under chapter 2 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2761 et seq. ) unless the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that members of the TPPD who are named in the July 17, 2017, indictment by the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, and against whom there are pending charges, have returned to the United States to stand trial in connection with the offenses contained in such indictment or have otherwise been brought to justice: Provided, That the limitation in this paragraph shall not apply to the use of funds made available by this Act for the security of borders, for North Atlantic Treaty Organization or coalition operations, or to enhance the protection of United States officials and facilities in Turkey. COUNTERING RUSSIAN INFLUENCE AND AGGRESSION 7047. (a) Prohibition None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central Government of the Russian Federation. (b) Annexation of territory (1) Prohibition None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country that the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations has taken affirmative steps intended to support or be supportive of the Russian Federation annexation of Crimea or other territory in Ukraine: Provided, That except as otherwise provided in subsection (a), the Secretary may waive the restriction on assistance required by this paragraph if the Secretary determines and reports to such Committees that to do so is in the national interest of the United States, and includes a justification for such interest. (2) Limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for— (A) the implementation of any action or policy that recognizes the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea or other territory in Ukraine; (B) the facilitation, financing, or guarantee of United States Government investments in Crimea or other territory in Ukraine under the control of the Russian Federation or Russian-backed forces, if such activity includes the participation of Russian Government officials, or other Russian owned or controlled financial entities; or (C) assistance for Crimea or other territory in Ukraine under the control of the Russian Federation or Russian-backed forces, if such assistance includes the participation of Russian Government officials, or other Russian owned or controlled financial entities. (3) International financial institutions The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any assistance by such institution (including any loan, credit, grant, or guarantee) for any program that violates the sovereignty or territorial integrity of Ukraine. (4) Duration The requirements and limitations of this subsection shall cease to be in effect if the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the Government of Ukraine has reestablished sovereignty over Crimea and other territory in Ukraine under the control of the Russian Federation or Russian-backed forces. (c) Occupation of the georgian territories of abkhazia and tskhinvali region/South ossetia (1) Prohibition None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country that the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations has recognized the independence of, or has established diplomatic relations with, the Russian Federation occupied Georgian territories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia: Provided, That the Secretary shall publish on the Department of State website a list of any such central governments in a timely manner: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the restriction on assistance required by this paragraph if the Secretary determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is in the national interest of the United States, and includes a justification for such interest. (2) Limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available to support the Russian Federation occupation of the Georgian territories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia. (3) International financial institutions The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any assistance by such institution (including any loan, credit, grant, or guarantee) for any program that violates the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. (d) Countering russian influence fund Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , International Military Education and Training , and Foreign Military Financing Program , not less than $300,000,000 shall be made available to carry out the purposes of the Countering Russian Influence Fund, as authorized by section 254 of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 ( Public Law 115–44 ; 22 U.S.C. 9543 ) and notwithstanding the country limitation in subsection (b) of such section, and programs to enhance the capacity of law enforcement and security forces in countries in Europe, Eurasia, and Central Asia and strengthen security cooperation between such countries and the United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, as appropriate: Provided, That funds made available pursuant to this paragraph under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program may remain available until September 30, 2025. (e) Funding limitation None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to remove prohibitions related to transactions involving the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, the National Wealth Fund of the Russian Federation, or the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the Government of Ukraine has entered into an agreement with the Government of the Russian Federation resolving compensation to Ukraine by the Russian Federation for damages resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation. UNITED NATIONS 7048. (a) Transparency and accountability Of the funds appropriated by this Act that are available for contributions to the United Nations (including the Department of Peacekeeping Operations), international organizations, or any United Nations agency, 15 percent may not be obligated for such organization, department, or agency until the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the organization, department, or agency is— (1) posting on a publicly available website, consistent with privacy regulations and due process, regular financial and programmatic audits of such organization, department, or agency, and providing the United States Government with necessary access to such financial and performance audits; (2) effectively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures which meet or exceed best practices in the United States for the protection of whistleblowers from retaliation, including— (A) protection against retaliation for internal and lawful public disclosures; (B) legal burdens of proof; (C) statutes of limitation for reporting retaliation; (D) access to binding independent adjudicative bodies, including shared cost and selection of external arbitration; and (E) results that eliminate the effects of proven retaliation, including provision for the restoration of prior employment; and (3) effectively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures on the appropriate use of travel funds, including restrictions on first-class and business-class travel. (b) Restrictions on united nations delegations and organizations (1) Restrictions on united states delegations None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay expenses for any United States delegation to any specialized agency, body, or commission of the United Nations if such agency, body, or commission is chaired or presided over by a country, the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 1754(c) of the Export Reform Control Act of 2018 ( 50 U.S.C. 4813(c) ), supports international terrorism. (2) Restrictions on contributions None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of State as a contribution to any organization, agency, commission, or program within the United Nations system if such organization, agency, commission, or program is chaired or presided over by a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, section 1754(c) of the Export Reform Control Act of 2018 ( 50 U.S.C. 4813(c) ), or any other provision of law, is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. (c) United nations human rights council (1) None of the funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available in support of the United Nations Human Rights Council unless the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that participation in the Council is important to the national security interest of the United States and that such Council is taking significant steps to remove Israel as a permanent agenda item and ensure integrity in the election of members to such Council: Provided, That such report shall include a description of the national security interest served and provide a detailed reform agenda, including a timeline to remove Israel as a permanent agenda item and ensure integrity in the election of members to such Council: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall withhold, from funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs made available under the heading Contributions to International Organizations in title I of such acts for a contribution to the United Nations Regular Budget, the United States proportionate share of the total annual amount of the United Nations Regular Budget funding for the United Nations Human Rights Council until such determination and report is made: Provided further, That if the Secretary is unable to make such determination and report, such amounts may be reprogrammed for purposes other than the United Nations Regular Budget, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary shall report to the Committees on Appropriations not later than September 30, 2024, on the resolutions considered in the United Nations Human Rights Council during the previous 12 months, and on steps taken to remove Israel as a permanent agenda item and to improve the quality of membership through competitive elections. (2) None of the funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for the United Nations International Commission of Inquiry on the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, and Israel. (d) United nations relief and works agency Prior to each obligation of funds for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA), the Secretary of State shall certify and report to the appropriate congressional committees, in writing, on whether UNRWA is— (1) utilizing Operations Support Officers in the West Bank, Gaza, and other fields of operation to inspect UNRWA installations and reporting any inappropriate use; (2) acting promptly to address any staff or beneficiary violation of its own policies (including the policies on neutrality and impartiality of employees) and the legal requirements under section 301(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961; (3) implementing procedures to maintain the neutrality of its facilities, including implementing a no-weapons policy, and conducting regular inspections of its installations, to ensure they are only used for humanitarian or other appropriate purposes; (4) taking necessary and appropriate measures to ensure it is operating in compliance with the conditions of section 301(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and continuing regular reporting to the Department of State on actions it has taken to ensure conformance with such conditions; (5) not engaging in operations with financial institutions or related entities in violation of relevant United States law, and is taking steps to improve the financial transparency of the organization; (6) in compliance with the United Nations Board of Auditors' biennial audit requirements and is implementing in a timely fashion the Board's recommendations; and (7) establishing or updating, and implementing procedures to— (A) prevent the use of UNRWA resources for disseminating anti-American, anti-Israel, or anti-Semitic rhetoric; or incitement of violence; and (B) ensure the content of all educational materials currently taught in UNRWA-administered schools and summer camps is consistent with the values of human rights, dignity, and tolerance and does not induce incitement of violence or antisemitism. (e) Prohibition of payments to united nations members None of the funds appropriated or made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act for carrying out the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, may be used to pay in whole or in part any assessments, arrearages, or dues of any member of the United Nations or, from funds appropriated by this Act to carry out chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the costs for participation of another country's delegation at international conferences held under the auspices of multilateral or international organizations. (f) Reports (1) Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations detailing the amount of funds available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2024 for contributions to any organization, department, agency, or program within the United Nations system or any international program that are withheld from obligation or expenditure due to any provision of law: Provided, That the Secretary shall update such report each time additional funds are withheld by operation of any provision of law: Provided further, That the reprogramming of any withheld funds identified in such report, including updates thereof, shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (2) Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on United Nations buildings and facilities, as described under this section in the report accompanying this Act. (g) Sexual exploitation and abuse in peacekeeping operations The Secretary of State shall, to the maximum extent practicable, withhold assistance to any unit of the security forces of a foreign country if the Secretary has credible information that such unit has engaged in sexual exploitation or abuse, including while serving in a United Nations peacekeeping operation, until the Secretary determines that the government of such country is taking effective steps to hold the responsible members of such unit accountable and to prevent future incidents: Provided, That the Secretary shall promptly notify the government of each country subject to any withholding of assistance pursuant to this paragraph, and shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of such withholding not later than 10 days after a determination to withhold such assistance is made: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, assist such government in bringing the responsible members of such unit to justice. (h) Additional availability Subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, funds appropriated by this Act which are returned or not made available due to the second proviso under the heading Contributions for International Peacekeeping Activities in title I of this Act or section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2227(a) ), shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2025: Provided , That the requirement to withhold funds for programs in Burma under section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appropriated by this Act. (i) Procurement restrictions None of the funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be used for the procurement by any entity of the United Nations system or any other multilateral organization of goods or services originating in or produced by any person in the Russian Federation, including any entity that is a shell or front company organized to disguise or obscure financial activity relating to such goods or services. (j) Accountability requirement Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall seek to enter into written agreements with each international organization that receives funding appropriated by this Act to provide timely access to the Inspectors General of the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development and the Comptroller General of the United States to such organization's financial data and other information, including investigative records and reports of sexual misconduct, relevant to United States contributions to such organization, as determined by the Inspectors and Comptroller General: Provided , That not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspectors and Comptroller General shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees on the implementation of such requirements. (k) World Health Organization None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for the World Health Organization. (l) International conventions None of the funds provided by this Act shall be made available to implement or support any international convention, agreement, protocol, legal instrument, or agreed outcome with legal force drafted by the intergovernmental negotiating body of the World Health Assembly or any other United Nations body until such instrument has been subject to the requirements of article II, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States, which requires the advice and consent of the Senate, with two-thirds of Senators concurring. Arms Trade Treaty 7049. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. GLOBAL INTERNET FREEDOM 7050. (a) Funding Of the funds available for obligation during fiscal year 2024 under the headings International Broadcasting Operations , Economic Support Fund , Democracy Fund , and Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , not less than $94,000,000 shall be made available for programs to promote Internet freedom globally, as authorized by section 9707 of the Department of State Authorization Act 2022 (title XCVII of division I of Public Law 117–263 ). (b) Coordination and spend plans After consultation among the relevant agency heads to coordinate and de-conflict planned activities, but not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Chief Executive Officer of the United States Agency for Global Media, in consultation with the President of the Open Technology Fund, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations spend plans for funds made available by this Act for programs to promote Internet freedom globally, which shall include a description of safeguards established by relevant agencies to ensure that such programs are not used for illicit purposes: Provided, That the Department of State spend plan shall include funding for all such programs for all relevant Department of State and United States Agency for International Development offices and bureaus. TORTURE AND OTHER CRUEL, INHUMAN, OR DEGRADING TREATMENT OR PUNISHMENT 7051. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to support or justify the use of torture and other cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment by any official or contract employee of the United States Government. AIRCRAFT TRANSFER, COORDINATION, AND USE 7052. (a) Transfer authority Notwithstanding any other provision of law or regulation, aircraft procured with funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings Diplomatic Programs , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Andean Counterdrug Initiative , and Andean Counterdrug Programs may be used for any other program and in any region. (b) Property disposal The authority provided in subsection (a) shall apply only after the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the equipment is no longer required to meet programmatic purposes in the designated country or region: Provided, That any such transfer shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (c) Aircraft coordination (1) Authority The uses of aircraft purchased or leased by the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development with funds made available in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be coordinated under the authority of the appropriate Chief of Mission: Provided, That such aircraft may be used to transport, on a reimbursable or non-reimbursable basis, Federal and non-Federal personnel supporting Department of State and USAID programs and activities: Provided further, That official travel for other agencies for other purposes may be supported on a reimbursable basis, or without reimbursement when traveling on a space available basis: Provided further, That funds received by the Department of State in connection with the use of aircraft owned, leased, or chartered by the Department of State may be credited to the Working Capital Fund of the Department and shall be available for expenses related to the purchase, lease, maintenance, chartering, or operation of such aircraft. (2) Scope The requirement and authorities of this subsection shall only apply to aircraft, the primary purpose of which is the transportation of personnel. (d) Aircraft operations and maintenance To the maximum extent practicable, the costs of operations and maintenance, including fuel, of aircraft funded by this Act shall be borne by the recipient country. PARKING FINES AND REAL PROPERTY TAXES OWED BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS 7053. The terms and conditions of section 7055 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111–117 ) shall apply to this Act: Provided, That subsection (f)(2)(B) of such section shall be applied by substituting September 30, 2023 for September 30, 2009 . INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND 7054. (a) Extensions The terms and conditions of sections 7086(b)(1) and (2) and 7090(a) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111–117 ) shall apply to this Act. (b) Repayment The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to seek to ensure that any loan will be repaid to the IMF before other private or multilateral creditors. EXTRADITION 7055. (a) Limitation None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be used to provide assistance (other than funds provided under the headings Development Assistance , International Disaster Assistance , Complex Crises Fund , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Migration and Refugee Assistance , United States Emergency Refugee and Migration Assistance Fund , and Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Assistance ) for the central government of a country which has notified the Department of State of its refusal to extradite to the United States any individual indicted for a criminal offense for which the maximum penalty is life imprisonment without the possibility of parole or for killing a law enforcement officer, as specified in a United States extradition request. (b) Clarification Subsection (a) shall only apply to the central government of a country with which the United States maintains diplomatic relations and with which the United States has an extradition treaty and the government of that country is in violation of the terms and conditions of the treaty. (c) Waiver The Secretary of State may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a case-by-case basis if the Secretary certifies to the Committees on Appropriations that such waiver is important to the national interest of the United States. ENTERPRISE FUNDS 7056. (a) Notification None of the funds made available under titles III through VI of this Act may be made available for Enterprise Funds unless the appropriate congressional committees are notified at least 15 days in advance. (b) Distribution of assets plan Prior to the distribution of any assets resulting from any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of an Enterprise Fund, in whole or in part, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan for the distribution of the assets of the Enterprise Fund. (c) Transition or operating plan Prior to a transition to and operation of any private equity fund or other parallel investment fund under an existing Enterprise Fund, the President shall submit such transition or operating plan to the appropriate congressional committees. limitations related to global health assistance 7057. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for the United Nations Population Fund. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for global health assistance may be made available to any foreign nongovernmental organization that promotes or performs abortion, except in cases of rape or incest or when the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term. GLOBAL HEALTH ACTIVITIES 7058. (a) In general Funds appropriated by titles III and IV of this Act that are made available for bilateral assistance for child survival activities or disease programs including activities relating to research on, and the prevention, treatment and control of, HIV/AIDS may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law except for provisions under the heading Global Health Programs and the United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 (117 Stat. 711; 22 U.S.C. 7601 et seq. ), as amended. (b) Limitation Of the funds appropriated by this Act, not more than $461,000,000 may be made available for family planning/reproductive health. (c) Pandemics and other infectious disease outbreaks (1) Global health security Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Global Health Programs shall be made available for global health security programs to accelerate the capacity of countries to prevent, detect, and respond to infectious disease outbreaks, including by strengthening public health capacity where there is a high risk of emerging zoonotic infectious diseases: Provided, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development and the Secretary of State, as appropriate, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the planned uses of such funds. (2) Extraordinary measures If the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that an international infectious disease outbreak is sustained, severe, and is spreading internationally, or that it is in the national interest to respond to a Public Health Emergency of International Concern, not to exceed an aggregate total of $200,000,000 of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Global Health Programs , Development Assistance , International Disaster Assistance , Complex Crises Fund , Economic Support Fund , Democracy Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , Migration and Refugee Assistance , and Millennium Challenge Corporation may be made available to combat such infectious disease or public health emergency, and may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under such headings for the purposes of this paragraph. (3) Emergency reserve fund Up to $50,000,000 of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Global Health Programs may be made available for the Emergency Reserve Fund established pursuant to section 7058(c)(1) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31 ): Provided, That such funds shall be made available under the same terms and conditions of such section. (4) Consultation and notification Funds made available by this subsection shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (d) Limitations Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to support, directly or indirectly,— (1) the Wuhan Institute of Virology located in the City of Wuhan in the People’s Republic of China; (2) the EcoHealth Alliance, Inc.; (3) any laboratory owned or controlled by the governments of the People’s Republic of China, the Republic of Cuba, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela under the regime of Nicolás Maduro Moros, or any other country determined by the Secretary of State to be a foreign adversary; or (4) gain-of-function research. (e) Childhood cancer Funds appropriated under titles III and VI of this Act may be made available for public-private partnerships, including in coordination with relevant multilateral organizations and research entities, to address childhood cancer: Provided, That the Secretary of State, in consultation with the USAID Administrator, shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act on the feasibility of such partnerships: Provided further, The Secretary and Administrator shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees on uses of funds for such partnerships prior to the initial obligation of funds and submission of such report. WOMEN’S EQUALITY AND EMPOWERMENT 7059. (a) In general Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available to promote the equality and empowerment of women and girls in United States Government diplomatic and development efforts by raising the status, increasing the economic participation and opportunities for political leadership, and protecting the rights of women and girls worldwide. (b) Women’s economic empowerment Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, $200,000,000 shall be made available to expand economic opportunities for women by increasing the number and capacity of women-owned enterprises, improving property rights for women, increasing women’s access to financial services and capital, enhancing the role of women in economic decision-making at the local, national, and international levels, and improving women’s ability to participate in the global economy: Provided , That prior to the initial obligation of funds, the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as applicable, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the uses of funds made available pursuant to this subsection. (c) Women’s leadership program Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $50,000,000 shall be made available for programs specifically designed to increase leadership opportunities for women in countries where women and girls suffer discrimination due to law, policy, or practice, by strengthening protections for women’s political status, expanding women’s participation in political parties and elections, and increasing women’s opportunities for leadership positions in the public and private sectors at the local, provincial, and national levels. (d) Prevention of violence against women and girls (1) Of the funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act, not less than $250,000,000 shall be made available to prevent and respond to violence against women and girls. (2) Funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act that are available to train foreign police, judicial, and military personnel, including for international peacekeeping operations, shall address, where appropriate, prevention and response to violence against women and girls and trafficking in persons, and shall promote the integration of women into the police and other security forces. (3) Funds made available pursuant to this subsection should include efforts to combat a variety of forms of violence against women and girls, including child marriage, rape, and female genital cutting and mutilation. (e) Women, peace, and security Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , and International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , $150,000,000 should be made available to support a multi-year strategy to expand, and improve coordination of, United States Government efforts to empower women as equal partners in conflict prevention, peace building, transitional processes, and reconstruction efforts in countries affected by conflict or in political transition, and to ensure the equal provision of relief and recovery assistance to women and girls. (f) Prohibition None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for the Gender Equity and Equality Action Fund. SECTOR ALLOCATIONS 7060. (a) Basic education and higher education (1) Basic education (A) Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $970,000,000 shall be made available for the Nita M. Lowey Basic Education Fund: Provided, That such funds shall also be used for secondary education activities: Provided further, That of the funds made available by this paragraph, $150,000,000 should be available for the education of girls in areas of conflict. (B) Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act for assistance for basic education programs, not less than $160,000,000 shall be made available for contributions to multilateral partnerships that support education. (2) Higher education Of the funds appropriated by title III of this Act, not less than $285,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for higher education: Provided, That of such amount, not less than $35,000,000 shall be made available for new and ongoing partnerships between higher education institutions in the United States and developing countries focused on building the capacity of higher education institutions and systems in developing countries: Provided further, That of such amount and in addition to the previous proviso, not less than $50,000,000 shall be made available for higher education programs pursuant to section 7060(a)(3) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2021 (division K of Public Law 116–260 ). (b) Conservation programs (1) Biodiversity Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $385,000,000 shall be made available for biodiversity conservation programs. (2) Wildlife poaching and trafficking (A) Of the funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act, not less than $125,000,000 shall be made available to combat the transnational threat of wildlife poaching and trafficking. (B) None of the funds appropriated under title IV of this Act may be made available for training or other assistance for any military unit or personnel that the Secretary of State determines has been credibly alleged to have participated in wildlife poaching or trafficking, unless the Secretary reports to the appropriate congressional committees that to do so is in the national security interest of the United States. (c) Development programs Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Development Assistance , not less than $18,500,000 shall be made available for United States Agency for International Development cooperative development programs and not less than $31,500,000 shall be made available for the American Schools and Hospitals Abroad program. (d) Disability programs Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Development Assistance shall be made available for programs and activities administered by USAID to address the needs of, and protect and promote the rights of, people with disabilities in developing countries. (e) Food security and agricultural development Of the funds appropriated by title III of this Act, not less than $1,010,600,000 (increased by $9,000,000) (reduced by $9,000,000) shall be made available for food security and agricultural development programs to carry out the purposes of the Global Food Security Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–195 ), as amended, including for the Feed the Future Innovation Labs: Provided, That funds may be made available for a contribution as authorized by section 3202 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–246 ), as amended by section 3310 of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–334 ). (f) Micro, small, and medium-Sized enterprises Of the funds appropriated by this Act, not less than $265,000,000 shall be made available to support the development of, and access to financing for, micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises that benefit the poor, especially women. (g) Water and sanitation Of the funds appropriated by this Act, not less than $475,000,000 shall be made available for water supply and sanitation projects pursuant to section 136 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, of which not less than $237,000,000 shall be for programs in sub-Saharan Africa. (h) Deviation Unless otherwise provided for by this Act, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator, as applicable, may deviate below the minimum funding requirements designated in sections 7059 and 7060 of this Act by up to 10 percent, notwithstanding such designation: Provided, That such deviations shall only be exercised to address unforeseen or exigent circumstances, including a change in country context: Provided further, That concurrent with the submission of the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations in writing any proposed deviations utilizing such authority that are planned at the time of submission of such report: Provided further, That any deviations proposed subsequent to the submission of such report shall be subject to prior consultation with such Committees: Provided further, That not later than November 1, 2025, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations on the use of the authority of this subsection. ENVIRONMENT PROGRAMS 7061. (a) Green climate fund None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available as a contribution, grant, or any other payment to the Green Climate Fund. (b) Clean technology fund None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available as a contribution, grant, or any other payment to the Clean Technology Fund. (c) Climate damages None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to pay compensation to any country, organization, or individual for loss and damages attributed to climate change. (d) Attribution Funds appropriated by this Act and made available for the sectors and programs in sections 7032, 7036, 7059, and 7060 shall not be attributed to, or counted toward targets for, climate change programs. (e) Transit pipelines None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of State to impede the uninterrupted transmission of hydrocarbons by pipeline through the territory of one Party not originating in the territory of that Party, for delivery to the territory of the other Party as ratified by The Agreement between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of Canada concerning Transit Pipelines, signed at Washington on January 28, 1977. (f) Study The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on funds appropriated in prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs from fiscal years 2020 through 2023 made available for climate change programs and whether such funds have had a direct result on lowering global temperatures. BUDGET DOCUMENTS 7062. (a) Operating plans Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each department, agency, or organization funded in titles I, II, and VI of this Act, and the Department of the Treasury and Independent Agencies funded in title III of this Act, including the Inter-American Foundation and the United States African Development Foundation, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations an operating plan for funds appropriated to such department, agency, or organization in such titles of this Act, or funds otherwise available for obligation in fiscal year 2024, that provides details of the uses of such funds at the program, project, and activity level: Provided, That such plans shall include, as applicable, a comparison between the congressional budget justification funding levels, the most recent congressional directives or approved funding levels, and the funding levels proposed by the department or agency; and a clear, concise, and informative description/justification: Provided further, That operating plans that include changes in levels of funding for programs, projects, and activities specified in the congressional budget justification, in this Act, or amounts specifically designated in the respective tables included in the report accompanying this Act, as applicable, shall be subject to the notification and reprogramming requirements of section 7015 of this Act. (b) Spend plans (1) Prior to the initial obligation of funds, the Secretary of State or Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a spend plan for funds made available by this Act for— (A) assistance for countries in Central America and the Caribbean, Iraq, Pacific Islands Countries, Pakistan, and Tunisia; (B) assistance for the Africa Regional Counterterrorism program, Caribbean Basin Security Initiative, Central America Regional Security Initiative, Global Peace Operations Initiative, Indo-Pacific Strategy and the Countering PRC Influence Fund, Partnership for Global Infrastructure and Investment, Power Africa, and Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership; (C) assistance made available pursuant to the following sections in this Act: section 7032; section 7036; section 7047(d) (on a country-by-country basis); section 7059; and subsections (a), (b), (d), (e), (f), and (g) of section 7060; (D) Funds provided under the heading International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement for International Organized Crime and for Cybercrime and Intellectual Property Rights: Provided, That the spend plans shall include bilateral and global programs funded under such heading along with a brief description of the activities planned for each country; and (E) implementation of the Global Fragility Act of 2019. (2) Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a detailed spend plan for funds made available by this Act under the heading Department of the Treasury, International Affairs Technical Assistance in title III. (3) Notwithstanding paragraph (1), up to 10 percent of the funds contained in a spend plan required by this subsection may be obligated prior to the submission of such spend plan if the Secretary of State, the USAID Administrator, or the Secretary of the Treasury, as applicable, determines that the obligation of such funds is necessary to avoid significant programmatic disruption: Provided , That not less than seven days prior to such obligation, the Secretary or Administrator, as appropriate, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the justification for such obligation and the proposed uses of such funds. (c) Clarification The spend plans referenced in subsection (b) shall not be considered as meeting the notification requirements in this Act or under section 634A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (d) Congressional budget justification The congressional budget justification for Department of State operations and foreign operations shall be provided to the Committees on Appropriations concurrent with the date of submission of the President’s budget for fiscal year 2025: Provided, That the appendices for such justification shall be provided to the Committees on Appropriations not later than 10 calendar days thereafter. REORGANIZATION 7063. (a) Prior consultation and notification Funds appropriated by this Act, prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, or any other Act may not be used to implement a reorganization, redesign, or other plan described in subsection (b) by the Department of State, the United States Agency for International Development, or any other Federal department, agency, or organization funded by this Act without prior consultation by the head of such department, agency, or organization with the appropriate congressional committees: Provided, That such funds shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That any such notification submitted to such Committees shall include a detailed justification for any proposed action: Provided further, That congressional notifications submitted in prior fiscal years pursuant to similar provisions of law in prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be deemed to meet the notification requirements of this section. (b) Description of activities Pursuant to subsection (a), a reorganization, redesign, or other plan shall include any action to— (1) expand, eliminate, consolidate, or downsize covered departments, agencies, or organizations, including bureaus and offices within or between such departments, agencies, or organizations, including the transfer to other agencies of the authorities and responsibilities of such bureaus and offices; (2) expand, eliminate, consolidate, or downsize the United States official presence overseas, including at bilateral, regional, and multilateral diplomatic facilities and other platforms; or (3) expand or reduce the size of the permanent Civil Service, Foreign Service, eligible family member, and locally employed staff workforce of the Department of State and USAID from the staffing levels previously justified to the Committees on Appropriations for fiscal year 2024. DEPARTMENT OF STATE MANAGEMENT 7064. (a) Working capital fund Funds appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available to the Department of State for payments to the Working Capital Fund that are made available for new service centers, shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (b) Certification (1) Compliance Not later than 45 days after the initial obligation of funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act that are made available to a Department of State bureau or office with responsibility for the management and oversight of such funds, the Secretary of State shall certify and report to the Committees on Appropriations, on an individual bureau or office basis, that such bureau or office is in compliance with Department and Federal financial and grants management policies, procedures, and regulations, as applicable. (2) Considerations When making a certification required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of State shall consider the capacity of a bureau or office to— (A) account for the obligated funds at the country and program level, as appropriate; (B) identify risks and develop mitigation and monitoring plans; (C) establish performance measures and indicators; (D) review activities and performance; and (E) assess final results and reconcile finances. (3) Plan If the Secretary of State is unable to make a certification required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit a plan and timeline detailing the steps to be taken to bring such bureau or office into compliance. (c) Information technology platform None of the funds appropriated in title I of this Act under the heading Administration of Foreign Affairs may be made available for a new major information technology investment without the concurrence of the Chief Information Officer, Department of State. (d) Other matters (1) In addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs — (A) as authorized by section 810 of the United States Information and Educational Exchange Act, not to exceed $5,000,000, to remain available until expended, may be credited to this appropriation from fees or other payments received from English teaching, library, motion pictures, and publication programs and from fees from educational advising and counseling and exchange visitor programs; and (B) not to exceed $15,000, which shall be derived from reimbursements, surcharges, and fees for use of Blair House facilities. (2) Funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs are available for acquisition by exchange or purchase of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by law and, pursuant to section 1108(g) of title 31, United States Code, for the field examination of programs and activities in the United States funded from any account contained in title I of this Act. (3) Of the funds appropriated under the heading Diplomatic Programs in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, $2,000,000 shall be made available to carry out section 9803 of the Department of State Authorization Act of 2022 (division I of Public Law 117–263 ). (4) Consistent with section 204 of the Admiral James W. Nance and Meg Donovan Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 2000 and 2001 ( 22 U.S.C. 2452b ), up to $25,000,000 of the amounts made available under the heading Diplomatic Programs in this Act may be obligated and expended for United States participation in international fairs and expositions abroad, including for construction and operation of a United States pavilion at Expo 2025. (5) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs , not less than $500,000 shall be made available for additional personnel for the Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State. (e) Limitations (1) None of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs may be made available to carry out the functions of the Global Engagement Center established pursuant to section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) unless prior to the initial obligation of such funds— (A) the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that— (i) no funds will be used for purposes other than countering foreign propaganda and disinformation by foreign state and non-state actors that threaten United States national security pursuant to section 1287(i) of such Act; (ii) programs and activities will not be designed to influence public opinion in the United States or in a manner that abridges the freedom of speech or of the press of United States persons enshrined in the First Amendment of the United States Constitution; (iii) the development of tactics, techniques, and procedures to expose and refute foreign propaganda and disinformation and proactively support the promotion of credible, fact-based narratives and policies will be directed solely on audiences outside the United States; and (iv) the Department of State has resolved with the Office of Inspector General, Department of State (OIG) and the OIG has closed each of the 18 recommendations detailed in the report “Inspection of the Global Engagement Center” (ISP I-22-15) dated September 2022; and (B) the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations a spend plan for the activities of the Center in fiscal year 2024: Provided, That such plan shall detail amounts planned for each function authorized in section 1287(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( 22 U.S.C. 2656 note): Provided further, That such plan shall also include a list of each entity that received funding in the previous fiscal year. (2) None of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs may be reprogrammed for support of an international conference unless such conference has been previously justified in a congressional budget justification: Provided, That any such reprogramming shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (3) (A) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under the heading Diplomatic Programs in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for support of a Special Envoy, Special Representative, Special Coordinator, Special Negotiator, Envoy, Representative, Coordinator, Special Advisor, or other position performing a similar function unless such Special Envoy, Special Representative, Special Coordinator, Special Negotiator, Envoy, Representative, Coordinator, Special Advisor, or other position performing a similar function— (i) is expressly authorized by statute; or (ii) has affirmatively received the advice and consent of the Senate. (B) The limitations of this paragraph shall be construed to include the applicable office personnel and bureau managed funds of such office. (4) Not later than 15 days prior to entering into a bilateral or multilateral agreement authorized by section 303(a) of the Convention on Cultural Property Implementation Act ( 19 U.S.C. 2602 ) or the extension of an agreement pursuant to section 303(e) of such Act, the Secretary of State shall certify and report to the Committees on Appropriations that any import restrictions authorized by such agreement comply with the provisions of sections 302 and 305 of such Act. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT MANAGEMENT 7065. (a) Authority Up to $170,000,000 of the funds made available in title III of this Act pursuant to or to carry out the provisions of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, including funds appropriated under the heading Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , may be used by the United States Agency for International Development to hire and employ individuals in the United States and overseas on a limited appointment basis pursuant to the authority of sections 308 and 309 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3948 and 3949). (b) Restriction The authority to hire individuals contained in subsection (a) shall expire on September 30, 2025. (c) Program account charged The account charged for the cost of an individual hired and employed under the authority of this section shall be the account to which the responsibilities of such individual primarily relate: Provided, That funds made available to carry out this section may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act in title II under the heading Operating Expenses . (d) Foreign service limited extensions Individuals hired and employed by USAID, with funds made available in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, pursuant to the authority of section 309 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 ( 22 U.S.C. 3949 ), may be extended for a period of up to 4 years notwithstanding the limitation set forth in such section. (e) Disaster surge capacity Funds appropriated under title III of this Act to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, including funds appropriated under the heading Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , may be used, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, for the cost (including the support costs) of individuals detailed to or employed by USAID whose primary responsibility is to carry out programs in response to natural disasters, or man-made disasters subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (f) Personal services contractors Funds appropriated by this Act to carry out chapter 1 of part I, chapter 4 of part II, and section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and title II of the Food for Peace Act ( Public Law 83–480 ; 7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq. ), may be used by USAID to employ up to 40 personal services contractors in the United States, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of providing direct, interim support for new or expanded overseas programs and activities managed by the agency until permanent direct hire personnel are hired and trained: Provided, That not more than 15 of such contractors shall be assigned to any bureau or office: Provided further, That such funds appropriated to carry out title II of the Food for Peace Act ( Public Law 83–480 ; 7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq. ), may be made available only for personal services contractors assigned to the Bureau for Humanitarian Assistance. (g) Small business In entering into multiple award indefinite-quantity contracts with funds appropriated by this Act, USAID may provide an exception to the fair opportunity process for placing task orders under such contracts when the order is placed with any category of small or small disadvantaged business. (h) Crisis operations staffing Up to $86,000,000 of the funds made available in title III of this Act pursuant to, or to carry out the provisions of, part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and section 509(b) of the Global Fragility Act of 2019 (title V of division J of Public Law 116–94 ) may be made available for the United States Agency for International Development to appoint and employ personnel in the excepted service to prevent or respond to foreign crises and contexts with growing instability: Provided, That functions carried out by personnel hired under the authority of this subsection shall be related to the purpose for which the funds were appropriated: Provided further, That such funds are in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes and may remain attributed to any minimum funding requirement for which they were originally made available: Provided further, That the USAID Administrator shall coordinate with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management and consult with the appropriate congressional committees on implementation of this provision. STABILIZATION AND DEVELOPMENT IN REGIONS IMPACTED BY EXTREMISM AND CONFLICT 7066. (a) Prevention and stabilization fund Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Economic Support Fund , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs , Peacekeeping Operations , and Foreign Military Financing Program may be made available for the Prevention and Stabilization Fund for the purposes enumerated in section 509(a) of the Global Fragility Act of 2019 (title V of division J of Public Law 116–94 ). (b) Transitional justice Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Economic Support Fund and International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement may be made available for programs to promote accountability for genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes, which shall be in addition to any other funds made available by this Act for such purposes: Provided, That such programs shall include components to develop local investigative and judicial skills, and to collect and preserve evidence and maintain the chain of custody of evidence, including for use in prosecutions, and may include the establishment of, and assistance for, transitional justice mechanisms: Provided further, That such funds shall be administered by the Ambassador-at-Large for the Office of Global Criminal Justice, Department of State, and shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That funds made available by this paragraph shall be made available on an open and competitive basis. DEBT-FOR-DEVELOPMENT 7067. In order to enhance the continued participation of nongovernmental organizations in debt-for-development and debt-for-nature exchanges, a nongovernmental organization which is a grantee or contractor of the United States Agency for International Development may place in interest bearing accounts local currencies which accrue to that organization as a result of economic assistance provided under title III of this Act and, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, any interest earned on such investment shall be used for the purpose for which the assistance was provided to that organization. EXTENSION OF CONSULAR FEES AND RELATED AUTHORITIES 7068. (a) Section 1(b)(1) of the Passport Act of June 4, 1920 ( 22 U.S.C. 214(b)(1) ) shall be applied through fiscal year 2024 by substituting the costs of providing consular services for such costs . (b) Section 21009 of the Emergency Appropriations for Coronavirus Health Response and Agency Operations (division B of Public Law 116–136 ; 134 Stat. 592) shall be applied during fiscal year 2024 by substituting 2020 through 2024 for 2020 and 2021 . (c) Discretionary amounts made available to the Department of State under the heading Administration of Foreign Affairs of this Act, and discretionary unobligated balances under such heading from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, may be transferred to the Consular and Border Security Programs account if the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is necessary to sustain consular operations, following consultation with such Committees: Provided, That such transfer authority is in addition to any transfer authority otherwise available in this Act and under any other provision of law: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (d) In addition to the uses permitted pursuant to section 286(v)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1356(v)(2)(A) ), for fiscal year 2024, the Secretary of State may also use fees deposited into the Fraud Prevention and Detection Account for the costs of providing consular services. (e) Amounts repurposed pursuant to this section that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or a concurrent resolution on the budget are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to legislation establishing fiscal year 2024 budget enforcement in the House of Representatives. Promotion of United States Economic Interests 7069. (a) Diplomatic engagement Pursuant to section 704 of the Championing American Business Through Diplomacy Act of 2019 (title VII of division J of Public Law 116–94 ) the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, shall prioritize the allocation of funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs for support of Chief of Mission diplomatic engagement to foster commercial relations and safeguard United States economic and business interests in the country in which each Chief of Mission serves, including activities and initiatives to create and maintain an enabling environment, promote and protect such interests, and resolve commercial disputes: Provided, That each Mission Resource Request and Bureau Resource Request shall include amounts required to prioritize the activities described in this subsection. (b) Training In carrying out section 705 of the Championing American Business Through Diplomacy Act of 2019 (title VII of division J of Public Law 116–94 ) the Secretary of State shall annually assess training needs across the economic and commercial diplomacy issue areas and ensure after a review of course offerings, course attendance records, and course evaluation results, that current offerings meet training needs. (c) Assistance The Secretary of State should direct each Chief of Mission to consider how best to advance and support commercial relations and the safeguarding of United States business interests in the development and execution of the applicable Integrated Country Strategy and the Mission Resource Request for each country receiving bilateral assistance from funds appropriated by this Act. Additional Limitations on Operations and Assistance 7070. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for drag queen workshops, performances, or documentaries. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to carry out any program, project, or activity that teaches or trains any idea or concept that condones an individual being discriminated against or receiving adverse or beneficial treatment based on race or sex, that condones an individual feeling discomfort, guilt, anguish, or any other form of psychological distress on account of that individual’s race or sex, as well as any idea or concept that regards one race as inherently superior to another race, the United States or its institutions as being systemically racist or sexist, an individual as being inherently racist, sexist, or oppressive by virtue of that individual’s race or sex, an individual’s moral character as being necessarily determined by race or sex, an individual as bearing responsibility for actions committed in the past by other members of the same race or sex, or meritocracy being racist, sexist, or having been created by a particular race to oppress another race. (c) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009), Executive Order 14035 of June 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34593), or Executive Order 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825). (d) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to— (1) classify or facilitate the classification of any communications by a United States person as misinformation, disinformation, or malinformation; or (2) partner with or fund nonprofit or other organizations that pressure or recommend private companies to censor, filter, or otherwise suppress lawful and constitutionally protected speech of United States persons, including recommending the censoring or removal of content on social media platforms. (e) None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act shall be used or transferred to another Federal Agency, board, or commission to fund any domestic or international non-governmental organization or any other program, organization, or association coordinated or operated by such non-governmental organization that either offers counseling regarding sex change surgeries, promotes sex change surgeries for any reason as an option, conducts or subsidizes sex change surgeries, promotes the use of medications or other substances to halt the onset of puberty or sexual development of minors, or otherwise promotes transgenderism. (f) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to fly or display a flag over a facility of a United States Federal department or agency funded by this Act other than the— (1) United States flag; (2) Foreign Service flag pursuant to 2 FAM 154.2-1; (3) POW/MIA flag; (4) flag of a State, insular area, or the District of Columbia at domestic locations; (5) flag of an Indian Tribal government; or (6) sovereign flag of other countries. Presidential Permit Reform 7071. Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available to carry out the responsibilities delegated to the Secretary of State pursuant to Executive Order 13867 (April 10, 2019) or any successor Executive Order: Provided , That the Secretary shall carry out such responsibilities within the 60 day time period set forth in section 2 of such Executive Order: Provided further , That Agency heads for whom the Secretary refers such applications for pertinent information or advise pursuant to such Executive Order should respond not later than the 30 days: Provided further , That Executive Order 13867, or any successor Executive Order, should not be construed to require the application of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 prior to the Secretary providing advice to the President of the United States concerning any new or amended Presidential permit application. RESCISSIONS (INCLUDING RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS) 7072. (a) Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance Of the unobligated balances from amounts available under the heading Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, $174,000,000 are rescinded. (b) Development assistance Of the unobligated and unexpended balances from amounts available under the heading Development Assistance from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, $709,500,000 are rescinded. (c) Economic support fund Of the unobligated and unexpended balances from amounts available under the heading Economic Support Fund from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, $808,600,000 are rescinded. (d) Peace corps Of the unobligated balances from amounts available under the heading Peace Corps from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, $18,000,000 are rescinded. (e) International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement Of the unobligated, and unexpended balances from amounts available under the heading International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, $40,000,000 are rescinded. (f) Export-Import Bank of the United States Of the unobligated balances available under the heading Export and Investment Assistance, Export-Import Bank of the United States, Subsidy Appropriation for tied-aid grants from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, $59,000,000 are rescinded. (g) Section 60103 Of the unobligated balances of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for activities of the Environmental Protection Agency under section 60103 of Public Law 117–169 (commonly known as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ), $11,135,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded. (h) Restriction No amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. VIII Countering the malign influence of the People’s Republic of China Bilateral Economic Assistance Funds Appropriated to the President Economic Support Fund For an additional amount for Economic Support Fund , $1,000,000,000, to remain available until expended for programs to advance United States national security interests in the Indo-Pacific and counter the malign influence of the People’s Republic of China: Provided , That, if expressly authorized and established in the Treasury of the United States, funds made available under this title may be transferred to a Compact Assistance Fund . IX Additional General Provision Spending reduction account 9001. $0 (increased by $1,000,000,000). 9002. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 221 of the Immigration and Nationality Technical Corrections Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–416 ; 108 Stat. 4321; 8 U.S.C. 1101 note). 9003. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to create, procure, or display any map that inaccurately depicts the occupied country of Tibet as part of the People’s Republic of China. 9004. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to enforce the restrictions outlined under the headings Visits and Travel (regarding limitations on Travel to Taiwan ) and Communications (regarding limitations on Name , Symbols of Sovereignty , and Correspondence ) in the Department of State's June 29, 2021, Memorandum for All Department and Agency Executive Secretaries entitled Revised Guidelines on Interacting with Taiwan . 9005. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay Secretary Antony John Blinken a salary that exceeds $1. 9006. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for the Office of Palestinian Affairs. 9007. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the adoption or implementation of the Global Compact for Safe, Orderly and Regular Migration set forth in the annex to the resolution adopted by the United Nations General Assembly on December 18, 2018 (A/RES/73/195). 9008. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce or otherwise implement a requirement for individuals traveling outside of the United States to receive a vaccination against COVID–19. 9009. None of the funds made available by this Act under chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2346 et seq. ) (relating to the economic support fund) may be obligated or expended for assistance for Mexico. 9010. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out or administer any Remote Work Agreement of a domestically-assigned direct-hire employee if the employee’s alternate worksite is located outside of the locality pay area of the regular worksite for the employee’s position of record. 9011. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available to support the negotiations toward an extension of the Scientific and Technological Cooperation Protocol Between the United States of America and China. 9012. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement the decision by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change’s 21st Conference of Parties in Paris, France, adopted December 12, 2015, commonly known as the Paris Agreement . 9013. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for any employee of the Department of State to travel to or attend any conference or event hosted by the Clinton Global Initiative. 9014. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Art in Embassies program of the Department of State. 9015. The salary of Robert Malley, the United States Special Envoy to Iran, shall be reduced to $1. 9016. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Special Presidential Envoy for Climate. 9017. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to move the United States embassy in Israel to a location other than Jerusalem. 9018. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to implement any of the following executive orders: (1) Executive Order No. 13990, relating to Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science To Tackle the Climate Crisis. (2) Executive Order No. 14008, relating to Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad. (3) Section 6 of Executive Order No. 14013, relating to Rebuilding and Enhancing Programs To Resettle Refugees and Planning for the Impact of Climate Change on Migration. (4) Executive Order No. 14030, relating to Climate-Related Financial Risk. (5) Executive Order No. 14057, relating to Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs Through Federal Sustainability. (6) Executive Order No. 14082, relating to Implementation of the Energy and Infrastructure Provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. (7) Executive Order No. 14096, relating to Revitalizing Our Nation's Commitment to Environmental Justice for All. 9019. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available in contravention of the notice entitled In the Matter of the Designation of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (and Other Aliases) as a Foreign Terrorist Organization issued by the Department of State on April 15, 2019 (84 Fed. Reg. 15278). This Act may be cited as the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2024 . Passed the House of Representatives September 28, 2023. Kevin F. McCumber, Clerk. October 3, 2023 Received; read twice and placed on the calendar

118 HR 4821 PCS: Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2024 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-11-07 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II Calendar No. 239 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 4821 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES November 7, 2023 Received; read twice and placed on the calendar AN ACT Making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes, namely: I DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR Bureau of land management MANAGEMENT OF LANDS AND RESOURCES For necessary expenses for protection, use, improvement, development, disposal, cadastral surveying, classification, acquisition of easements and other interests in lands, and performance of other functions, including maintenance of facilities, as authorized by law, in the management of lands and their resources under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, including the general administration of the Bureau, and assessment of mineral potential of public lands pursuant to section 1010(a) of Public Law 96–487 ( 16 U.S.C. 3150(a) ), $1,180,645,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025; of which $57,140,250 for annual maintenance and deferred maintenance programs and $154,787,000 for the wild horse and burro program, as authorized by Public Law 92–195 ( 16 U.S.C. 1331 et seq. ), shall remain available until expended: Provided, That amounts in the fee account of the BLM Permit Processing Improvement Fund may be used for any bureau-related expenses associated with the processing of oil and gas applications for permits to drill and related use of authorizations: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $3,500,000 may be made available for the purposes described in section 122(e)(1)(A) of division G of Public Law 115–31 ( 43 U.S.C. 1748c(e)(1)(A) ). In addition, $35,000,000 is for Mining Law Administration program operations, including the cost of administering the mining claim fee program, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Bureau and credited to this appropriation from mining claim maintenance fees and location fees that are hereby authorized for fiscal year 2024, so as to result in a final appropriation estimated at not more than $1,170,645,000, and $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, from communication site rental fees established by the Bureau for the cost of administering communication site activities. OREGON AND CALIFORNIA GRANT LANDS For expenses necessary for management, protection, and development of resources and for construction, operation, and maintenance of access roads, reforestation, and other improvements on the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands, on other Federal lands in the Oregon and California land-grant counties of Oregon, and on adjacent rights-of-way; and acquisition of lands or interests therein, including existing connecting roads on or adjacent to such grant lands; $60,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That 25 percent of the aggregate of all receipts during the current fiscal year from the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands is hereby made a charge against the Oregon and California land-grant fund and shall be transferred to the General Fund in the Treasury in accordance with the second paragraph of subsection (b) of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 ( 43 U.S.C. 2605 ). RANGE IMPROVEMENTS For rehabilitation, protection, and acquisition of lands and interests therein, and improvement of Federal rangelands pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 ( 43 U.S.C. 1751 ), notwithstanding any other Act, sums equal to 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year under sections 3 and 15 of the Taylor Grazing Act ( 43 U.S.C. 315b , 315m) and the amount designated for range improvements from grazing fees and mineral leasing receipts from Bankhead-Jones lands transferred to the Department of the Interior pursuant to law, but not less than $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $600,000 shall be available for administrative expenses. SERVICE CHARGES, DEPOSITS, AND FORFEITURES For administrative expenses and other costs related to processing application documents and other authorizations for use and disposal of public lands and resources, for costs of providing copies of official public land documents, for monitoring construction, operation, and termination of facilities in conjunction with use authorizations, and for rehabilitation of damaged property, such amounts as may be collected under Public Law 94–579 ( 43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq. ), and under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 185 ), to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any provision to the contrary of section 305(a) of Public Law 94–579 ( 43 U.S.C. 1735(a) ), any moneys that have been or will be received pursuant to that section, whether as a result of forfeiture, compromise, or settlement, if not appropriate for refund pursuant to section 305(c) of that Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1735(c) ), shall be available and may be expended under the authority of this Act by the Secretary of the Interior to improve, protect, or rehabilitate any public lands administered through the Bureau of Land Management which have been damaged by the action of a resource developer, purchaser, permittee, or any unauthorized person, without regard to whether all moneys collected from each such action are used on the exact lands damaged which led to the action: Provided further, That any such moneys that are in excess of amounts needed to repair damage to the exact land for which funds were collected may be used to repair other damaged public lands. MISCELLANEOUS TRUST FUNDS In addition to amounts authorized to be expended under existing laws, there is hereby appropriated such amounts as may be contributed under section 307 of Public Law 94–579 ( 43 U.S.C. 1737 ), and such amounts as may be advanced for administrative costs, surveys, appraisals, and costs of making conveyances of omitted lands under section 211(b) of that Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1721(b) ), to remain available until expended. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS The Bureau of Land Management may carry out the operations funded under this Act by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements, and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities, including with States. Appropriations for the Bureau shall be available for purchase, erection, and dismantlement of temporary structures, and alteration and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities to which the United States has title; up to $100,000 for payments, at the discretion of the Secretary, for information or evidence concerning violations of laws administered by the Bureau; miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities authorized or approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $10,000: Provided, That notwithstanding Public Law 90–620 ( 44 U.S.C. 501 ), the Bureau may, under cooperative cost-sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share the cost of printing either in cash or in services, and the Bureau determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further, That projects to be funded pursuant to a written commitment by a State government to provide an identified amount of money in support of the project may be carried out by the Bureau on a reimbursable basis. United States fish and wildlife service RESOURCE MANAGEMENT For necessary expenses of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, as authorized by law, and for scientific and economic studies, general administration, and for the performance of other authorized functions related to such resources, $1,340,019,000 (increased by $1,150,000) (increased by $2,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That not to exceed $21,058,200 shall be used for implementing subsections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 ( 16 U.S.C. 1533 ) (except for processing petitions, developing and issuing proposed and final regulations, and taking any other steps to implement actions described in subsection (c)(2)(A), (c)(2)(B)(i), or (c)(2)(B)(ii) of such section). CONSTRUCTION For construction, improvement, acquisition, or removal of buildings and other facilities required in the conservation, management, investigation, protection, and utilization of fish and wildlife resources, and the acquisition of lands and interests therein; $15,000,000, to remain available until expended. COOPERATIVE ENDANGERED SPECIES CONSERVATION FUND For expenses necessary to carry out section 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 ( 16 U.S.C. 1535 ), $22,000,000, to remain available until expended, to be derived from the Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund. NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE FUND For expenses necessary to implement the Act of October 17, 1978 ( 16 U.S.C. 715s ), $13,228,000. NORTH AMERICAN WETLANDS CONSERVATION FUND For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act ( 16 U.S.C. 4401 et seq. ), $48,500,000, to remain available until expended. NEOTROPICAL MIGRATORY BIRD CONSERVATION For expenses necessary to carry out the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act ( 16 U.S.C. 6101 et seq. ), $5,000,000, to remain available until expended. MULTINATIONAL SPECIES CONSERVATION FUND For expenses necessary to carry out the African Elephant Conservation Act ( 16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq. ), the Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 ( 16 U.S.C. 4261 et seq. ), the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 ( 16 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ), the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 ( 16 U.S.C. 6301 et seq. ), and the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 ( 16 U.S.C. 6601 et seq. ), $20,000,000, to remain available until expended. STATE AND TRIBAL WILDLIFE GRANTS For wildlife conservation grants to States and to the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Indian Tribes under the provisions of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 and the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, for the development and implementation of programs for the benefit of wildlife and their habitat, including species that are not hunted or fished, $72,612,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount provided herein, $6,200,000 is for a competitive grant program for Indian Tribes not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided further, That $7,612,000 is for a competitive grant program to implement approved plans for States, territories, and other jurisdictions and at the discretion of affected States, the regional Associations of fish and wildlife agencies, not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, after deducting $13,812,000 and administrative expenses, apportion the amount provided herein in the following manner: (1) to the District of Columbia and to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, each a sum equal to not more than one-half of 1 percent thereof; and (2) to Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, each a sum equal to not more than one-fourth of 1 percent thereof: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior shall apportion the remaining amount in the following manner: (1) one-third of which is based on the ratio to which the land area of such State bears to the total land area of all such States; and (2) two-thirds of which is based on the ratio to which the population of such State bears to the total population of all such States: Provided further, That the amounts apportioned under this paragraph shall be adjusted equitably so that no State shall be apportioned a sum which is less than 1 percent of the amount available for apportionment under this paragraph for any fiscal year or more than 5 percent of such amount: Provided further, That the Federal share of planning grants shall not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of such projects and the Federal share of implementation grants shall not exceed 65 percent of the total costs of such projects: Provided further, That the non-Federal share of such projects may not be derived from Federal grant programs: Provided further, That any amount apportioned in 2024 to any State, territory, or other jurisdiction that remains unobligated as of September 30, 2025, shall be reapportioned, together with funds appropriated in 2026, in the manner provided herein. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS The United States Fish and Wildlife Service may carry out the operations of Service programs by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities. Appropriations and funds available to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall be available for repair of damage to public roads within and adjacent to reservation areas caused by operations of the Service; options for the purchase of land at not to exceed one dollar for each option; facilities incident to such public recreational uses on conservation areas as are consistent with their primary purpose; and the maintenance and improvement of aquaria, buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Service and to which the United States has title, and which are used pursuant to law in connection with management, and investigation of fish and wildlife resources: Provided, That notwithstanding 44 U.S.C. 501 , the Service may, under cooperative cost sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share at least one-half the cost of printing either in cash or services and the Service determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further, That the Service may accept donated aircraft as replacements for existing aircraft: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , all fees collected for non-toxic shot review and approval shall be deposited under the heading United States Fish and Wildlife Service—Resource Management and shall be available to the Secretary, without further appropriation, to be used for expenses of processing of such non-toxic shot type or coating applications and revising regulations as necessary, and shall remain available until expended. National park service OPERATION OF THE NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM For expenses necessary for the management, operation, and maintenance of areas and facilities administered by the National Park Service and for the general administration of the National Park Service, $2,654,000,000 (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $266,124,000) (reduced by $266,124,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000), of which $11,661,000 shall be for planning and interagency coordination in support of Everglades restoration, and $15,000,000 shall be for uses authorized by section 101122 of title 54, United States Code, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading are available for the purposes of section 5 of Public Law 95–348 : Provided further, That notwithstanding section 9 of the 400 Years of African-American History Commission Act (36 U.S.C. note prec. 101; Public Law 115–102 ), $2,500,000 of the funds provided under this heading shall be made available for the purposes specified by that Act. In addition, for purposes described in section 2404 of Public Law 116–9 , an amount equal to the amount deposited in this fiscal year into the National Park Medical Services Fund established pursuant to such section of such Act, to remain available until expended, shall be derived from such Fund. NATIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION For expenses necessary to carry out recreation programs, natural programs, cultural programs, heritage partnership programs, environmental compliance and review, international park affairs, and grant administration, not otherwise provided for, $80,000,000 (reduced by $15,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2025. HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND For expenses necessary in carrying out the National Historic Preservation Act (division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code), $175,400,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000), to be derived from the Historic Preservation Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2025, of which $26,500,000 shall be for Save America's Treasures grants for preservation of nationally significant sites, structures and artifacts as authorized by section 7303 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 ( 54 U.S.C. 3089 ): Provided, That an individual Save America's Treasures grant shall be matched by non-Federal funds: Provided further, That individual projects shall only be eligible for one grant: Provided further, That all projects to be funded shall be approved by the Secretary of the Interior in consultation with the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds provided for the Historic Preservation Fund, $30,250,000 is for the Competitive Grants Subactivity; $11,000,000 is for grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities; $12,500,000 is for competitive grants for the restoration of historic properties of national, State, and local significance listed on or eligible for inclusion on the National Register of Historic Places, to be made without imposing the usage or direct grant restrictions of section 101(e)(3) ( 54 U.S.C. 302904 ) of the National Historic Preservation Act; and $10,000,000 is for a competitive grant program to honor the semiquincentennial anniversary of the United States by restoring and preserving sites and structures listed on the National Register of Historic Places that commemorate the founding of the nation: Provided further, That such competitive grants shall be made without imposing the matching requirements in section 302902(b)(3) of title 54, United States Code, to States and Indian Tribes as defined in chapter 3003 of such title, Native Hawaiian organizations, local governments, including Certified Local Governments, and nonprofit organizations. CONSTRUCTION For construction, improvements, repair, or replacement of physical facilities, and related equipment, and compliance and planning for programs and areas administered by the National Park Service, $114,600,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, for any project initially funded in fiscal year 2024 with a future phase indicated in the National Park Service 5–Year Line Item Construction Plan, a single procurement may be issued which includes the full scope of the project: Provided further, That the solicitation and contract shall contain the clause availability of funds found at 48 CFR 52.232–18: Provided further, That National Park Service Donations, Park Concessions Franchise Fees, and Recreation Fees may be made available for the cost of adjustments and changes within the original scope of effort for projects funded by the National Park Service Construction appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations, in accordance with current reprogramming thresholds, prior to making any charges authorized under this heading. CENTENNIAL CHALLENGE For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of section 101701 of title 54, United States Code, relating to challenge cost share agreements, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended, for Centennial Challenge projects and programs: Provided, That not less than 50 percent of the total cost of each project or program shall be derived from non-Federal sources in the form of donated cash, assets, or a pledge of donation guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) In addition to other uses set forth in section 101917(c)(2) of title 54, United States Code, franchise fees credited to a sub-account shall be available for expenditure by the Secretary, without further appropriation, for use at any unit within the National Park System to extinguish or reduce liability for Possessory Interest or leasehold surrender interest. Such funds may only be used for this purpose to the extent that the benefitting unit anticipated franchise fee receipts over the term of the contract at that unit exceed the amount of funds used to extinguish or reduce liability. Franchise fees at the benefitting unit shall be credited to the sub-account of the originating unit over a period not to exceed the term of a single contract at the benefitting unit, in the amount of funds so expended to extinguish or reduce liability. For the costs of administration of the Land and Water Conservation Fund grants authorized by section 105(a)(2)(B) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 ( Public Law 109–432 ), the National Park Service may retain up to 3 percent of the amounts which are authorized to be disbursed under such section, such retained amounts to remain available until expended. National Park Service funds may be transferred to the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Department of Transportation, for purposes authorized under 23 U.S.C. 203 . Transfers may include a reasonable amount for FHWA administrative support costs. United States geological survey SURVEYS, INVESTIGATIONS, AND RESEARCH For expenses necessary for the United States Geological Survey to perform surveys, investigations, and research covering topography, geology, hydrology, biology, and the mineral and water resources of the United States, its territories and possessions, and other areas as authorized by 43 U.S.C. 31 , 1332, and 1340; classify lands as to their mineral and water resources; give engineering supervision to power permittees and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission licensees; administer the minerals exploration program ( 30 U.S.C. 641 ); conduct inquiries into the economic conditions affecting mining and materials processing industries ( 30 U.S.C. 3 , 21a, and 1603; 50 U.S.C. 98g(a)(1) ) and related purposes as authorized by law; and to publish and disseminate data relative to the foregoing activities; $1,347,460,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $2,500,000), to remain available until September 30, 2025; of which $84,788,000 shall remain available until expended for satellite operations; and of which $39,030,000 shall be available until expended for deferred maintenance and capital improvement projects that exceed $100,000 in cost: Provided, That none of the funds provided for the ecosystem research activity shall be used to conduct new surveys on private property, unless specifically authorized in writing by the property owner: Provided further, That no part of this appropriation shall be used to pay more than one-half the cost of topographic mapping or water resources data collection and investigations conducted in cooperation with States and municipalities. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS From within the amount appropriated for activities of the United States Geological Survey such sums as are necessary shall be available for contracting for the furnishing of topographic maps and for the making of geophysical or other specialized surveys when it is administratively determined that such procedures are in the public interest; construction and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities; acquisition of lands for gauging stations, observation wells, and seismic equipment; expenses of the United States National Committee for Geological Sciences; and payment of compensation and expenses of persons employed by the Survey duly appointed to represent the United States in the negotiation and administration of interstate compacts: Provided, That activities funded by appropriations herein may be accomplished through the use of contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements (including noncompetitive cooperative agreements with Tribes) as defined in section 6302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the United States Geological Survey may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements directly with individuals or indirectly with institutions or nonprofit organizations, without regard to 41 U.S.C. 6101 , for the temporary or intermittent services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered employees for the purpose of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to compensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relating to tort claims, but shall not be considered to be Federal employees for any other purposes. Bureau of ocean energy management OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT For expenses necessary for granting and administering leases, easements, rights-of-way, and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine-related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf and approving operations related thereto, as authorized by law; for environmental studies, as authorized by law; for implementing other laws and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $210,000,000 (reduced by $28,000,000), of which $154,000,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2025, and of which $56,000,000 (reduced by $28,000,000) is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary of the Interior and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2024 appropriation estimated at not more than $154,000,000: Provided further, That not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for reasonable expenses related to promoting volunteer beach and marine cleanup activities. Bureau of safety and environmental enforcement OFFSHORE SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENFORCEMENT For expenses necessary for the regulation of operations related to leases, easements, rights-of-way, and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine-related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf, as authorized by law; for enforcing and implementing laws and regulations as authorized by law and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $172,000,000, of which $141,000,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2025, and of which $31,000,000 is to remain available until expended, including $3,000,000 for offshore decommissioning activities: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary of the Interior and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2024 appropriation estimated at not more than $144,000,000. For an additional amount, $33,000,000, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation, which shall be derived from non-refundable inspection fees collected in fiscal year 2024, as provided in this Act: Provided, That to the extent that amounts realized from such inspection fees exceed $33,000,000, the amounts realized in excess of $33,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation and remain available until expended: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2024, not less than 50 percent of the inspection fees expended by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement will be used to fund personnel and mission-related costs to expand capacity and expedite the orderly development, subject to environmental safeguards, of the Outer Continental Shelf pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq. ), including the review of applications for permits to drill. OIL SPILL RESEARCH For necessary expenses to carry out title I, section 1016; title IV, sections 4202 and 4303; title VII; and title VIII, section 8201 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $15,099,000, which shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to remain available until expended. Office of surface mining reclamation and enforcement REGULATION AND TECHNOLOGY For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87 , $108,923,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, of which $65,000,000 shall be available for State and Tribal regulatory grants: Provided, That appropriations for the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement may provide for the travel and per diem expenses of State and Tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, for costs to review, administer, and enforce permits issued by the Office pursuant to section 507 of Public Law 95–87 ( 30 U.S.C. 1257 ), $40,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That fees assessed and collected by the Office pursuant to such section 507 shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a fiscal year 2024 appropriation estimated at not more than $108,923,000. ABANDONED MINE RECLAMATION FUND For necessary expenses to carry out title IV of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87 , $34,000,000, to be derived from receipts of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided, That pursuant to Public Law 97–365 , the Department of the Interior is authorized to use up to 20 percent from the recovery of the delinquent debt owed to the United States Government to pay for contracts to collect these debts: Provided further, That funds made available under title IV of Public Law 95–87 may be used for any required non-Federal share of the cost of projects funded by the Federal Government for the purpose of environmental restoration related to treatment or abatement of acid mine drainage from abandoned mines: Provided further, That such projects must be consistent with the purposes and priorities of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act: Provided further, That amounts provided under this heading may be used for the travel and per diem expenses of State and Tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, $136,000,000, to remain available until expended, for payments to States and federally recognized Indian Tribes for reclamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and conditions described in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such additional amount shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the priorities described in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 ( 30 U.S.C. 1233(a) ): Provided further, That of such additional amount, $89,042,000 shall be distributed in equal amounts to the three Appalachian States with the greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet the priorities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such section, $35,218,000 shall be distributed in equal amounts to the three Appalachian States with the subsequent greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet such priorities, and $11,740,000 shall be for grants to federally recognized Indian Tribes, without regard to their status as certified or uncertified under the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, for reclamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and conditions described in the report accompanying this Act and shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the priorities in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977: Provided further, That such payments shall be made to States and federally recognized Indian Tribes not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act: Provided further , That if payments have not been made by the date specified in the preceding proviso, the amount appropriated for salaries and expenses under the heading “Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement” shall be reduced by $100,000 per day until such payments have been made. Indian affairs Bureau of indian affairs OPERATION OF INDIAN PROGRAMS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For expenses necessary for the operation of Indian programs, as authorized by law, including the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 ( 25 U.S.C. 13 ) and the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 ( 25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ), $2,010,574,000 (increased by $1,500,000), to remain available until September 30, 2025, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $8,500 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $78,494,000 shall be for welfare assistance payments: Provided, That in cases of designated Federal disasters, the Secretary of the Interior may exceed such cap for welfare payments from the amounts provided herein, to provide for disaster relief to Indian communities affected by the disaster: Provided further, That federally recognized Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations of federally recognized Indian Tribes may use their Tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further, That not to exceed $83,402,000 (increased by $1,500,000) shall remain available until expended for housing improvement, road maintenance, land acquisition, attorney fees, litigation support, land records improvement, hearings and appeals, and the Navajo-Hopi Settlement Program: Provided further, That any forestry funds allocated to a federally recognized Tribe which remain unobligated as of September 30, 2025, may be transferred during fiscal year 2026 to an Indian forest land assistance account established for the benefit of the holder of the funds within the holder’s trust fund account: Provided further, That any such unobligated balances not so transferred shall expire on September 30, 2026: Provided further, That in order to enhance the safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to purchase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel: Provided further, That not to exceed $7,096,000 in funds for trust, probate, and administrative functions may, as needed, be transferred to the Office of the Secretary, Departmental Operations account: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may accept transfers of funds from United States Customs and Border Protection to supplement any other funding available for reconstruction or repair of roads owned by the Bureau of Indian Affairs as identified on the National Tribal Transportation Facility Inventory, 23 U.S.C. 202(b)(1) . CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS For payments to Tribes and Tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Bureau of Indian Education for fiscal year 2024, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2025: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. PAYMENTS FOR TRIBAL LEASES For payments to Tribes and Tribal organizations for leases pursuant to section 105(l) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5324(l) ) for fiscal year 2024, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2025: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. CONSTRUCTION (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For construction, repair, improvement, and maintenance of irrigation and power systems, buildings, utilities, and other facilities, including architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; and preparation of lands for farming, and for construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project pursuant to Public Law 87–483 ; $153,309,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts as may be available for the construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project may be transferred to the Bureau of Reclamation: Provided further, That any funds provided for the Safety of Dams program pursuant to the Act of November 2, 1921 ( 25 U.S.C. 13 ), shall be made available on a nonreimbursable basis: Provided further, That this appropriation may be reimbursed from the Bureau of Trust Fund Administration appropriation for the appropriate share of construction costs for space expansion needed in agency offices to meet trust reform implementation: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be derived from the Indian Irrigation Fund established by section 3211 of the WIIN Act ( Public Law 114–322 ; 130 Stat. 1749): Provided further, That amounts provided under this heading are made available for the modernization of Federal field communication capabilities, in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purpose. INDIAN LAND AND WATER CLAIM SETTLEMENTS AND MISCELLANEOUS PAYMENTS TO INDIANS For payments and necessary administrative expenses for implementation of Indian land and water claim settlements pursuant to Public Laws 99–264 and 116–260, and for implementation of other land and water rights settlements, $825,000, to remain available until expended. INDIAN GUARANTEED LOAN PROGRAM ACCOUNT For the cost of guaranteed loans and insured loans, $11,744,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, of which $2,680,000 is for administrative expenses, as authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed or insured, not to exceed $150,213,551. Bureau of indian education OPERATION OF INDIAN EDUCATION PROGRAMS For expenses necessary for the operation of Indian education programs, as authorized by law, including the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 ( 25 U.S.C. 13 ), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 ( 25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ), the Education Amendments of 1978 ( 25 U.S.C. 2001–2019 ), and the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 ( 25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq. ), $1,131,617,000 to remain available until September 30, 2025, except as otherwise provided herein: Provided, That federally recognized Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations of federally recognized Indian Tribes may use their Tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further, That not to exceed $833,592,000 for school operations costs of Bureau-funded schools and other education programs shall become available on July 1, 2024, and shall remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, including but not limited to the Indian Self–Determination Act of 1975 ( 25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ) and section 1128 of the Education Amendments of 1978 ( 25 U.S.C. 2008 ), not to exceed $95,822,000 within and only from such amounts made available for school operations shall be available for administrative cost grants associated with grants approved prior to July 1, 2024: Provided further, That in order to enhance the safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to purchase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel. EDUCATION CONSTRUCTION For construction, repair, improvement, and maintenance of buildings, utilities, and other facilities necessary for the operation of Indian education programs, including architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; $267,887,000 to remain available until expended: Provided, That in order to ensure timely completion of construction projects, the Secretary of the Interior may assume control of a project and all funds related to the project, if, not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, any Public Law 100–297 ( 25 U.S.C. 2501 , et seq.) grantee receiving funds appropriated in this Act or in any prior Act, has not completed the planning and design phase of the project and commenced construction. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS The Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Bureau of Indian Education may carry out the operation of Indian programs by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, either directly or in cooperation with States and other organizations. Notwithstanding Public Law 87–279 ( 25 U.S.C. 15 ), the Bureau of Indian Affairs may contract for services in support of the management, operation, and maintenance of the Power Division of the San Carlos Irrigation Project. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Bureau of Indian Education for central office oversight and Executive Direction and Administrative Services (except Executive Direction and Administrative Services funding for Tribal Priority Allocations, regional offices, and facilities operations and maintenance) shall be available for contracts, grants, compacts, or cooperative agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Bureau of Indian Education under the provisions of the Indian Self-Determination Act or the Tribal Self-Governance Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–413 ). In the event any Tribe returns appropriations made available by this Act to the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Bureau of Indian Education, this action shall not diminish the Federal Government’s trust responsibility to that Tribe, or the government-to-government relationship between the United States and that Tribe, or that Tribe’s ability to access future appropriations. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education, other than the amounts provided herein for assistance to public schools under 25 U.S.C. 452 et seq. , shall be available to support the operation of any elementary or secondary school in the State of Alaska. No funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education shall be used to support expanded grades for any school or dormitory beyond the grade structure in place or approved by the Secretary of the Interior at each school in the Bureau of Indian Education school system as of October 1, 1995, except that the Secretary of the Interior may waive this prohibition to support expansion of up to one additional grade when the Secretary determines such waiver is needed to support accomplishment of the mission of the Bureau of Indian Education, or more than one grade to expand the elementary grade structure for Bureau-funded schools with a K–2 grade structure on October 1, 1996. Appropriations made available in this or any prior Act for schools funded by the Bureau shall be available, in accordance with the Bureau’s funding formula, only to the schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, and to any school or school program that was reinstated in fiscal year 2012. Funds made available under this Act may not be used to establish a charter school at a Bureau-funded school (as that term is defined in section 1141 of the Education Amendments of 1978 ( 25 U.S.C. 2021 )), except that a charter school that is in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act and that has operated at a Bureau-funded school before September 1, 1999, may continue to operate during that period, but only if the charter school pays to the Bureau a pro rata share of funds to reimburse the Bureau for the use of the real and personal property (including buses and vans), the funds of the charter school are kept separate and apart from Bureau funds, and the Bureau does not assume any obligation for charter school programs of the State in which the school is located if the charter school loses such funding. Employees of Bureau-funded schools sharing a campus with a charter school and performing functions related to the charter school’s operation and employees of a charter school shall not be treated as Federal employees for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 113 of title I of appendix C of Public Law 106–113 , if in fiscal year 2003 or 2004 a grantee received indirect and administrative costs pursuant to a distribution formula based on section 5(f) of Public Law 101–301 , the Secretary shall continue to distribute indirect and administrative cost funds to such grantee using the section 5(f) distribution formula. Funds available under this Act may not be used to establish satellite locations of schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, except that the Secretary may waive this prohibition in order for an Indian Tribe to provide language and cultural immersion educational programs for non-public schools located within the jurisdictional area of the Tribal government which exclusively serve Tribal members, do not include grades beyond those currently served at the existing Bureau-funded school, provide an educational environment with educator presence and academic facilities comparable to the Bureau-funded school, comply with all applicable Tribal, Federal, or State health and safety standards, and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and demonstrate the benefits of establishing operations at a satellite location in lieu of incurring extraordinary costs, such as for transportation or other impacts to students such as those caused by busing students extended distances: Provided, That no funds available under this Act may be used to fund operations, maintenance, rehabilitation, construction, or other facilities-related costs for such assets that are not owned by the Bureau: Provided further, That the term satellite school means a school location physically separated from the existing Bureau school by more than 50 miles but that forms part of the existing school in all other respects. Funds made available for Tribal Priority Allocations within Operation of Indian Programs and Operation of Indian Education Programs may be used to execute requested adjustments in Tribal priority allocations initiated by an Indian Tribe. Bureau of trust funds administration FEDERAL TRUST PROGRAMS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the operation of trust programs for Indians by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, $104,176,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $17,867,000 from this or any other Act, may be available for settlement support: Provided, That funds for trust management improvements and litigation support may, as needed, be transferred to or merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Operation of Indian Programs and Bureau of Indian Education, Operation of Indian Education Programs accounts; the Office of the Solicitor, Salaries and Expenses account; and the Office of the Secretary, Departmental Operations account: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obligated during fiscal year 2024, as authorized by the Indian Self-Determination Act of 1975 ( 25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to provide a quarterly statement of performance for any Indian trust account that has not had activity for at least 15 months and has a balance of $15 or less: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue an annual account statement and maintain a record of any such accounts and shall permit the balance in each such account to be withdrawn upon the express written request of the account holder: Provided further, That not to exceed $100,000 is available for the Secretary to make payments to correct administrative errors of either disbursements from or deposits to Individual Indian Money or Tribal accounts after September 30, 2002: Provided further, That erroneous payments that are recovered shall be credited to and remain available in this account for this purpose: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not be required to reconcile Special Deposit Accounts with a balance of less than $500 unless the Bureau of Trust Funds Administration receives proof of ownership from a Special Deposit Accounts claimant: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 102 of the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–412 ) or any other provision of law, the Secretary may aggregate the trust accounts of individuals whose whereabouts are unknown for a continuous period of at least 5 years and shall not be required to generate periodic statements of performance for the individual accounts: Provided further, That with respect to the preceding proviso, the Secretary shall continue to maintain sufficient records to determine the balance of the individual accounts, including any accrued interest and income, and such funds shall remain available to the individual account holders. Departmental offices Office of the Secretary DEPARTMENTAL OPERATIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses for management of the Department of the Interior and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $67,942,000 (reduced by $1,150,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $12,500,000) (reduced by $15,000), to remain available until September 30, 2025; of which not to exceed $15,000 (reduced by $15,000) may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which up to $1,000,000 shall be available for workers compensation payments and unemployment compensation payments associated with the orderly closure of the United States Bureau of Mines; and of which $14,958,000 for Indian land, mineral, and resource valuation activities shall remain available until expended: Provided, That funds for Indian land, mineral, and resource valuation activities may, as needed, be transferred to and merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs Operation of Indian Programs and Bureau of Indian Education Operation of Indian Education Programs accounts and the Bureau of Trust Funds Administration Federal Trust Programs account: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obligated during fiscal year 2024, as authorized by the Indian Self-Determination Act of 1975 ( 25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS For fiscal year 2024, up to $400,000 of the payments authorized by chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, may be retained for administrative expenses of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program: Provided, That the amounts provided under this Act specifically for the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program are the only amounts available for payments authorized under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That in the event the sums appropriated for any fiscal year for payments pursuant to this chapter are insufficient to make the full payments authorized by that chapter to all units of local government, then the payment to each local government shall be made proportionally: Provided further, That the Secretary may make adjustments to payment to individual units of local government to correct for prior overpayments or underpayments: Provided further, That no payment shall be made pursuant to that chapter to otherwise eligible units of local government if the computed amount of the payment is less than $100. Insular affairs ASSISTANCE TO TERRITORIES For expenses necessary for assistance to territories under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior and other jurisdictions identified in section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188 , $107,857,000 (increased by $12,500,000), of which: (1) $97,640,000 (increased by $12,500,000) shall remain available until expended for territorial assistance, including general technical assistance, maintenance assistance, disaster assistance, coral reef initiative and natural resources activities, and brown tree snake control and research; grants to the judiciary in American Samoa for compensation and expenses, as authorized by law ( 48 U.S.C. 1661(c) ); grants to the Government of American Samoa, in addition to current local revenues, for construction and support of governmental functions; grants to the Government of the Virgin Islands, as authorized by law; grants to the Government of Guam, as authorized by law; and grants to the Government of the Northern Mariana Islands, as authorized by law ( Public Law 94–241 ; 90 Stat. 272); and (2) $10,217,000 shall be available until September 30, 2025, for salaries and expenses of the Office of Insular Affairs: Provided, That all financial transactions of the territorial and local governments herein provided for, including such transactions of all agencies or instrumentalities established or used by such governments, may be audited by the Government Accountability Office, at its discretion, in accordance with chapter 35 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That Northern Mariana Islands Covenant grant funding shall be provided according to those terms of the Agreement of the Special Representatives on Future United States Financial Assistance for the Northern Mariana Islands approved by Public Law 104–134 : Provided further, That the funds for the program of operations and maintenance improvement are appropriated to institutionalize routine operations and maintenance improvement of capital infrastructure with territorial participation and cost sharing to be determined by the Secretary based on the grantee’s commitment to timely maintenance of its capital assets: Provided further, That any appropriation for disaster assistance under this heading in this Act or previous appropriations Acts may be used as non–Federal matching funds for the purpose of hazard mitigation grants provided pursuant to section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5170c ). COMPACT OF FREE ASSOCIATION For grants and necessary expenses, $1,463,000, to remain available until expended, as provided for in sections 221(a)(2) and 233 of the Compact of Free Association for the Republic of Palau; and section 221(a)(2) of the Compacts of Free Association for the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia, as authorized by Public Law 99–658 and Public Law 108–188 . Administrative provisions (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) At the request of the Governor of Guam, the Secretary may transfer discretionary funds or mandatory funds provided under section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188 and Public Law 104–134 , that are allocated for Guam, to the Secretary of Agriculture for the subsidy cost of direct or guaranteed loans, plus not to exceed three percent of the amount of the subsidy transferred for the cost of loan administration, for the purposes authorized by the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act for construction and repair projects in Guam, and such funds shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such loans or loan guarantees may be made without regard to the population of the area, credit elsewhere requirements, and restrictions on the types of eligible entities under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided further, That any funds transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available to make or guarantee loans under such authorities. Office of the solicitor SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Office of the Solicitor, $90,945,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. Office of inspector general SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $64,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. Department-Wide programs WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses for fire preparedness, fire suppression operations, fire science and research, emergency rehabilitation, fuels management activities, and rural fire assistance by the Department of the Interior, $1,097,443,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (reduced by $575,000,000) (increased by $575,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $12,000,000 shall be for the renovation or construction of fire facilities: Provided, That such funds are also available for repayment of advances to other appropriation accounts from which funds were previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided $247,000,000 (increased by $5,000,000) is for fuels management activities: Provided further, That persons hired pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1469 may be furnished subsistence and lodging without cost from funds available from this appropriation: Provided further, That notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 1856d , sums received by a bureau or office of the Department of the Interior for fire protection rendered pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1856 et seq. , protection of United States property, may be credited to the appropriation from which funds were expended to provide that protection, and are available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That using the amounts designated under this title of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into procurement contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, for fuels management activities, and for training and monitoring associated with such fuels management activities on Federal land, or on adjacent non-Federal land for activities that benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any non-Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That notwithstanding requirements of the Competition in Contracting Act, the Secretary, for purposes of fuels management activities, may obtain maximum practicable competition among: (1) local private, nonprofit, or cooperative entities; (2) Youth Conservation Corps crews, Public Lands Corps ( Public Law 109–154 ), or related partnerships with State, local, or nonprofit youth groups; (3) small or micro-businesses; or (4) other entities that will hire or train locally a significant percentage, defined as 50 percent or more, of the project workforce to complete such contracts: Provided further, That in implementing this section, the Secretary shall develop written guidance to field units to ensure accountability and consistent application of the authorities provided herein: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to reimburse the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service for the costs of carrying out their responsibilities under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 ( 16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq. ) to consult and conference, as required by section 7 of such Act, in connection with wildland fire management activities: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior may use wildland fire appropriations to enter into leases of real property with local governments, at or below fair market value, to construct capitalized improvements for fire facilities on such leased properties, including but not limited to fire guard stations, retardant stations, and other initial attack and fire support facilities, and to make advance payments for any such lease or for construction activity associated with the lease: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000 between the Departments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Provided further, That funds provided for wildfire suppression shall be available for support of Federal emergency response actions: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for assistance to or through the Department of State in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall be available to support forestry, wildland fire management, and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States and international organizations: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $383,657,000 shall be available for wildfire suppression operations, and is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(F)(ii)(I) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION OPERATIONS RESERVE FUND (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) In addition to the amounts provided under the heading Department of the Interior—Department-Wide Programs—Wildland Fire Management for wildfire suppression operations, $350,000,000, to remain available until transferred, is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(F) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided, That such amounts may be transferred to and merged with amounts made available under the headings Department of Agriculture—Forest Service—Wildland Fire Management and Department of the Interior—Department-Wide Programs—Wildland Fire Management for wildfire suppression operations in the fiscal year in which such amounts are transferred: Provided further, That amounts may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management accounts in the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior only upon the notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all wildfire suppression operations funds appropriated under that heading in this and prior appropriations Acts to the agency to which the funds will be transferred will be obligated within 30 days: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That, in determining whether all wildfire suppression operations funds appropriated under the heading Wildland Fire Management in this and prior appropriations Acts to either the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior will be obligated within 30 days pursuant to the preceding proviso, any funds transferred or permitted to be transferred pursuant to any other transfer authority provided by law shall be excluded. CENTRAL HAZARDOUS MATERIALS FUND For necessary expenses of the Department of the Interior and any of its component offices and bureaus for the response action, including associated activities, performed pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ), $9,000,000, to remain available until expended. ENERGY COMMUNITY REVITALIZATION PROGRAM (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Department of the Interior to inventory, assess, decommission, reclaim, respond to hazardous substance releases, remediate lands pursuant to section 40704 of Public Law 117–58 ( 30 U.S.C. 1245 ), and carry out the purposes of section 349 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ( 42 U.S.C. 15907 ), as amended, $5,000,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount shall be in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes: Provided further, That amounts appropriated under this heading are available for program management and oversight of these activities: Provided further, That the Secretary may transfer the funds provided under this heading in this Act to any other account in the Department to carry out such purposes, and may expend such funds directly, or through grants: Provided further, That these amounts are not available to fulfill Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ) obligations agreed to in settlement or imposed by a court, whether for payment of funds or for work to be performed. NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT AND RESTORATION NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT FUND To conduct natural resource damage assessment, restoration activities, and onshore oil spill preparedness by the Department of the Interior necessary to carry out the provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq. ), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 ( 33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq. ), and 54 U.S.C. 100721 et seq. , $7,750,000, to remain available until expended. WORKING CAPITAL FUND For the operation and maintenance of a departmental financial and business management system, data management, information technology improvements of general benefit to the Department, cybersecurity, and the consolidation of facilities and operations throughout the Department, $89,758,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act or any other Act may be used to establish reserves in the Working Capital Fund account other than for accrued annual leave and depreciation of equipment without prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior may assess reasonable charges to State, local, and Tribal government employees for training services provided by the National Indian Program Training Center, other than training related to Public Law 93–638 : Provided further, That the Secretary may lease or otherwise provide space and related facilities, equipment, or professional services of the National Indian Program Training Center to State, local and Tribal government employees or persons or organizations engaged in cultural, educational, or recreational activities (as defined in section 3306(a) of title 40, United States Code) at the prevailing rate for similar space, facilities, equipment, or services in the vicinity of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further, That all funds received pursuant to the two preceding provisos shall be credited to this account, shall be available until expended, and shall be used by the Secretary for necessary expenses of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further, That the Secretary may enter into grants and cooperative agreements to support the Office of Natural Resource Revenue’s collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, as authorized by law. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION There is hereby authorized for acquisition from available resources within the Working Capital Fund, aircraft which may be obtained by donation, purchase, or through available excess surplus property: Provided, That existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft. OFFICE OF NATURAL RESOURCES REVENUE For necessary expenses for management of the collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $157,440,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025; of which $71,251,000 shall remain available until expended for the purpose of mineral revenue management activities: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, $15,000 shall be available for refunds of overpayments in connection with certain Indian leases in which the Secretary of the Interior concurred with the claimed refund due, to pay amounts owed to Indian allottees or Tribes, or to correct prior unrecoverable erroneous payments. General provisions, department of the interior (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY—INTRA-BUREAU 101. Appropriations made in this title shall be available for expenditure or transfer (within each bureau or office), with the approval of the Secretary of the Interior, for the emergency reconstruction, replacement, or repair of aircraft, buildings, utilities, or other facilities or equipment damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, storm, or other unavoidable causes: Provided, That no funds shall be made available under this authority until funds specifically made available to the Department of the Interior for emergencies have been exhausted: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible. EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY—DEPARTMENT-WIDE 102. The Secretary of the Interior may authorize the expenditure or transfer of any no year appropriation in this title, in addition to the amounts included in the budget programs of the several agencies, for the suppression or emergency prevention of wildland fires on or threatening lands under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior; for the emergency rehabilitation of burned-over lands under its jurisdiction; for emergency actions related to potential or actual earthquakes, floods, volcanoes, storms, or other unavoidable causes; for contingency planning subsequent to actual oil spills; for response and natural resource damage assessment activities related to actual oil spills or releases of hazardous substances into the environment; for the prevention, suppression, and control of actual or potential grasshopper and Mormon cricket outbreaks on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, pursuant to the authority in section 417(b) of Public Law 106–224 ( 7 U.S.C. 7717(b) ); for emergency reclamation projects under section 410 of Public Law 95–87 ; and shall transfer, from any no year funds available to the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, such funds as may be necessary to permit assumption of regulatory authority in the event a primacy State is not carrying out the regulatory provisions of the Surface Mining Act: Provided, That appropriations made in this title for wildland fire operations shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred during the preceding fiscal year, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for destruction of vehicles, aircraft, or other equipment in connection with their use for wildland fire operations, with such reimbursement to be credited to appropriations currently available at the time of receipt thereof: Provided further, That for wildland fire operations, no funds shall be made available under this authority until the Secretary determines that funds appropriated for wildland fire suppression shall be exhausted within 30 days: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible: Provided further, That such replenishment funds shall be used to reimburse, on a pro rata basis, accounts from which emergency funds were transferred. AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS 103. Appropriations made to the Department of the Interior in this title shall be available for services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, when authorized by the Secretary of the Interior, in total amount not to exceed $500,000; purchase and replacement of motor vehicles, including specially equipped law enforcement vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of reprints; payment for telephone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary; and the payment of dues, when authorized by the Secretary, for library membership in societies or associations which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members. AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS, INDIAN TRUST MANAGEMENT 104. Appropriations made in this Act under the headings Bureau of Indian Affairs, Bureau of Indian Education, and Bureau of Trust Funds Administration and any unobligated balances from prior appropriations Acts made under the same headings shall be available for expenditure or transfer for Indian trust management and reform activities. Total funding for settlement support activities shall not exceed amounts specifically designated in this Act for such purpose. The Secretary shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations within 60 days of the expenditure or transfer of any funds under this section, including the amount expended or transferred and how the funds will be used. REDISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS, BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS 105. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to redistribute any Tribal Priority Allocation funds, including Tribal base funds, to alleviate Tribal funding inequities by transferring funds to address identified, unmet needs, dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribution methodologies. No Tribe shall receive a reduction in Tribal Priority Allocation funds of more than 10 percent in fiscal year 2024. Under circumstances of dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribution methodologies, the 10 percent limitation does not apply. OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF INSPECTION FEES 106. (a) In fiscal year 2024, the Secretary of the Interior shall collect a nonrefundable inspection fee, which shall be deposited in the Offshore Safety and Environmental Enforcement account, from the designated operator for facilities subject to inspection under 43 U.S.C. 1348(c) . (b) Annual fees shall be collected for facilities that are above the waterline, excluding drilling rigs, and are in place at the start of the fiscal year. Fees for fiscal year 2024 shall be— (1) $10,500 for facilities with no wells, but with processing equipment or gathering lines; (2) $17,000 for facilities with 1 to 10 wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells; and (3) $31,500 for facilities with more than 10 wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells. (c) Fees for drilling rigs shall be assessed for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2024. Fees for fiscal year 2024 shall be— (1) $30,500 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of 500 feet or more; and (2) $16,700 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of less than 500 feet. (d) Fees for inspection of well operations conducted via non-rig units as outlined in title 30 CFR 250 subparts D, E, F, and Q shall be assessed for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2024. Fees for fiscal year 2024 shall be— (1) $13,260 per inspection for non-rig units operating in water depths of 2,500 feet or more; (2) $11,530 per inspection for non-rig units operating in water depths between 500 and 2,499 feet; and (3) $4,470 per inspection for non-rig units operating in water depths of less than 500 feet. (e) The Secretary shall bill designated operators under subsection (b) quarterly, with payment required within 30 days of billing. The Secretary shall bill designated operators under subsection (c) within 30 days of the end of the month in which the inspection occurred, with payment required within 30 days of billing. The Secretary shall bill designated operators under subsection (d) with payment required by the end of the following quarter. CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS FOR WILD HORSE AND BURRO HOLDING FACILITIES 107. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into multiyear cooperative agreements with nonprofit organizations and other appropriate entities, and may enter into multiyear contracts in accordance with the provisions of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code (except that the 5-year term restriction in subsection (a) shall not apply), for the long-term care and maintenance of excess wild free-roaming horses and burros by such organizations or entities on private land. Such cooperative agreements and contracts may not exceed 10 years, subject to renewal at the discretion of the Secretary. MASS MARKING OF SALMONIDS 108. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall, in carrying out its responsibilities to protect threatened and endangered species of salmon, implement a system of mass marking of salmonid stocks, intended for harvest, that are released from federally operated or federally financed hatcheries including but not limited to fish releases of coho, chinook, and steelhead species. Marked fish must have a visible mark that can be readily identified by commercial and recreational fishers. CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS WITH INDIAN AFFAIRS 109. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during fiscal year 2024, in carrying out work involving cooperation with State, local, and Tribal governments or any political subdivision thereof, Indian Affairs may record obligations against accounts receivable from any such entities, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available at the end of the fiscal year. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR EXPERIENCED SERVICES PROGRAM 110. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to Federal grants and cooperative agreements, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to make grants to, or enter into cooperative agreements with, private nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of Labor under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 to utilize the talents of older Americans in programs authorized by other provisions of law administered by the Secretary and consistent with such provisions of law. (b) Prior to awarding any grant or agreement under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the agreement would not— (1) result in the displacement of individuals currently employed by the Department, including partial displacement through reduction of non-overtime hours, wages, or employment benefits; (2) result in the use of an individual under the Department of the Interior Experienced Services Program for a job or function in a case in which a Federal employee is in a layoff status from the same or substantially equivalent job within the Department; or (3) affect existing contracts for services. OBLIGATION OF FUNDS 111. Amounts appropriated by this Act to the Department of the Interior shall be available for obligation and expenditure not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. SEPARATION OF ACCOUNTS 112. The Secretary of the Interior, in order to implement an orderly transition to separate accounts of the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Bureau of Indian Education, may transfer funds among and between the successor offices and bureaus affected by the reorganization only in conformance with the reprogramming guidelines described in this Act. PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES (PILT) 113. Section 6906 of title 31, United States Code, shall be applied by substituting fiscal year 2024 for fiscal year 2019 . INTERAGENCY MOTOR POOL 114. Notwithstanding any other provision of law or Federal regulation, federally recognized Indian Tribes or authorized Tribal organizations that receive Tribally-Controlled School Grants pursuant to Public Law 100–297 may obtain interagency motor vehicles and related services for performance of any activities carried out under such grants to the same extent as if they were contracting under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act. APPRAISER PAY AUTHORITY 115. For fiscal year 2024, funds made available in this or any other Act or otherwise made available to the Department of the Interior for the Appraisal and Valuation Services Office may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to establish higher minimum rates of basic pay for employees of the Department of the Interior in the Appraiser (GS–1171) job series at grades 11 through 15 carrying out appraisals of real property and appraisal reviews conducted in support of the Department’s realty programs at rates no greater than 15 percent above the minimum rates of basic pay normally scheduled, and such higher rates shall be consistent with subsections (e) through (h) of section 5305 of title 5, United States Code. SAGE-GROUSE 116. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior pursuant to the Endangered Species Act of 1973 ( 16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq. )— (1) to write or issue a proposed or final rule with regard to— (A) the greater sage-grouse (Centrocercus urophasianus); (B) the Columbia Basin Distinct Population Segment of greater sage-grouse; or (C) the Bi-State Distinct Population Segment of greater sage-grouse; or (2) to implement, administer, or enforce— (A) the rule submitted by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service relating to “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for the Bi-State Distinct Population Segment of Greater Sage-Grouse” (78 Fed. Reg. 64327; published October 28, 2013); (B) the rule submitted by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service relating to “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Status for the Bi-State Distinct Population Segment of Greater Sage-Grouse With Special Rule” (78 Fed. Reg. 64357; published October 28, 2013); or (C) the rule submitted by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service relating to “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Status for the Bi-State Distinct Population Segment of Greater Sage-Grouse With Section 4(d) Rule and Designation of Critical Habitat” (88 Fed. Reg. 25613; published April 27, 2023). STATE CONSERVATION GRANTS 117. For expenses necessary to carry out section 200305 of title 54, United States Code, the National Park Service may retain up to 7 percent of the State Conservation Grants program to provide to States, the District of Columbia, and insular areas, as matching grants to support State program administrative costs. II ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY Science and technology For science and technology, including research and development activities, which shall include research and development activities under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980; necessary expenses for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; procurement of laboratory equipment and supplies; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; and other operating expenses in support of research and development, $560,707,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That of the funds included under this heading, $19,475,000 shall be for Research: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act. Environmental programs and management For environmental programs and management, including necessary expenses not otherwise provided for, for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; purchase of reprints; library memberships in societies or associations which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members; administrative costs of the brownfields program under the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act of 2002; implementation of a coal combustion residual permit program under section 2301 of the Water and Waste Act of 2016; and not to exceed $9,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $2,428,959,000 (reduced by $1,750,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $1) (reduced by $1) (reduced by $12,000,000) (increased by $12,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $17,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided further, That of the funds included under this heading— (1) $35,000,000 (increased by $4,000,000) shall be for Environmental Protection: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act; (2) $651,226,000 shall be for Geographic Programs as specified in the report accompanying this Act. In addition, $9,000,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses of activities described in section 26(b)(1) of the Toxic Substances Control Act ( 15 U.S.C. 2625(b)(1) ): Provided, That fees collected pursuant to that section of that Act and deposited in the TSCA Service Fee Fund as discretionary offsetting receipts in fiscal year 2024 shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this appropriation and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated in this paragraph from the general fund for fiscal year 2024 shall be reduced by the amount of discretionary offsetting receipts received during fiscal year 2024, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2024 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That to the extent that amounts realized from such receipts exceed $9,000,000, those amounts in excess of $9,000,000 shall be deposited in the TSCA Service Fee Fund as discretionary offsetting receipts in fiscal year 2024, shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the funds included in the first paragraph under this heading, the Chemical Risk Review and Reduction program project shall be allocated for this fiscal year, excluding the amount of any fees appropriated, not less than the amount of appropriations for that program project for fiscal year 2014. Office of inspector general For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $44,030,000 (increased by $10,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2025. Buildings and facilities For construction, repair, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of, or for use by, the Environmental Protection Agency, $24,000,000, to remain available until expended. Hazardous substance superfund (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses to carry out the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including sections 111(c)(3), (c)(5), (c)(6), and (e)(4) ( 42 U.S.C. 9611 ), and hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft, $355,856,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), to remain available until expended, consisting of such sums as are available in the Trust Fund on September 30, 2023, and not otherwise appropriated from the Trust Fund, as authorized by section 517(a) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $355,856,000 as a payment from general revenues to the Hazardous Substance Superfund for purposes as authorized by section 517(b) of SARA: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be allocated to other Federal agencies in accordance with section 111(a) of CERCLA: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $13,847,000 shall be paid to the Office of Inspector General appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2025, and $31,928,000 shall be paid to the Science and Technology appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2025. Leaking underground storage tank trust fund program For necessary expenses to carry out leaking underground storage tank cleanup activities authorized by subtitle I of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $83,885,000, to remain available until expended, of which $60,691,000 shall be for carrying out leaking underground storage tank cleanup activities authorized by section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; and $23,194,000 shall be for carrying out the other provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code: Provided, That the Administrator is authorized to use appropriations made available under this heading to implement section 9013 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to provide financial assistance to federally recognized Indian Tribes for the development and implementation of programs to manage underground storage tanks. Inland oil spill programs For expenses necessary to carry out the Environmental Protection Agency’s responsibilities under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, including hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft, $19,865,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability trust fund, to remain available until expended. State and tribal assistance grants For environmental programs and infrastructure assistance, including capitalization grants for State revolving funds and performance partnership grants, $2,583,858,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,769,351,000) (reduced by $1,769,351,000), to remain available until expended, of which— (1) $535,000,000 (increased by $1,103,861,000) (reduced by $1,103,861,000) (increased by $100,000,000) (reduced by $100,000,000) shall be for making capitalization grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and of which $460,611,000 (increased by $665,490,000) (reduced by $665,490,000) (increased by $100,000,000) (reduced by $100,000,000) shall be for making capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided, That $470,139,492 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) of the funds made available for capitalization grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds and $410,309,777 of the funds made available for capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds shall be for the construction of drinking water, wastewater, and storm water infrastructure and for water quality protection in accordance with the terms and conditions specified for such grants in the report accompanying this Act for projects specified for STAG—Drinking Water State Revolving Fund and STAG—Clean Water State Revolving Fund in the table titled Interior and Environment Incorporation of Community Project Funding Items included in the report accompanying this Act, and, for purposes of these grants, each grantee shall contribute not less than 20 percent of the cost of the project unless the grantee is approved for a waiver by the Agency: Provided further, That the Administrator is authorized to use up to $1,500,000 of funds made available for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds under this heading under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1381 ) to conduct the Clean Watersheds Needs Survey: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 603(d)(7) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the limitation on the amounts in a State water pollution control revolving fund that may be used by a State to administer the fund shall not apply to amounts included as principal in loans made by such fund in fiscal year 2024 and prior years where such amounts represent costs of administering the fund to the extent that such amounts are or were deemed reasonable by the Administrator, accounted for separately from other assets in the fund, and used for eligible purposes of the fund, including administration: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2024, notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, grants made under title II of such Act for American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, the United States Virgin Islands, and the District of Columbia may also be made for the purpose of providing assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial establishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2024, notwithstanding the provisions of such subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 and section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, funds reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act may also be used to provide assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial establishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2024, notwithstanding any provision of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and regulations issued pursuant thereof, up to a total of $2,000,000 of the funds reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) of such Act may also be used for grants for training, technical assistance, and educational programs relating to the operation and management of the treatment works specified in section 518(c) of such Act: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2024, funds reserved under section 518(c) of such Act shall be available for grants only to Indian Tribes, as defined in section 518(h) of such Act and former Indian reservations in Oklahoma (as determined by the Secretary of the Interior) and Native Villages as defined in Public Law 92–203 : Provided further, That for fiscal year 2024, notwithstanding the limitation on amounts in section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $30,000,000, and notwithstanding the limitation on amounts in section 1452(i) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $20,000,000, for State Revolving Funds under such Acts may be reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) and section 1452(i) of such Acts: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2024, notwithstanding the amounts specified in section 205(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to 2 percent of the aggregate funds appropriated for the Clean Water State Revolving Fund program under the Act less any sums reserved under section 518(c) of the Act, may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under title II of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act for American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, and United States Virgin Islands: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2024, notwithstanding the limitations on amounts specified in section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to 1.5 percent of the funds appropriated for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund programs under the Safe Drinking Water Act may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided further, That 10 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and 14 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State to provide additional subsidy to eligible recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans, or grants (or any combination of these), and shall be so used by the State only where such funds are provided as initial financing for an eligible recipient or to buy, refinance, or restructure the debt obligations of eligible recipients only where such debt was incurred on or after the date of enactment of this Act, or where such debt was incurred prior to the date of enactment of this Act if the State, with concurrence from the Administrator, determines that such funds could be used to help address a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in drinking water or if a Federal or State emergency declaration has been issued due to a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in a municipal drinking water supply before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That in a State in which such an emergency declaration has been issued, the State may use more than 14 percent of the funds made available under this title to the State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants to provide additional subsidy to eligible recipients: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 1452(o) of the Safe Drinking Water Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300j–12(o) ), the Administrator shall reserve up to $12,000,000 of the amounts made available for fiscal year 2024 for making capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds to pay the costs of monitoring for unregulated contaminants under section 1445(a)(2)(C) of such Act; (2) $29,000,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) shall be for architectural, engineering, planning, design, construction and related activities in connection with the construction of high priority water and wastewater facilities in the area of the southwestern United States, after consultation with the appropriate commission: Provided, That no funds made available by this Act to address the water, wastewater and other critical infrastructure needs of the colonias in the United States located in the southwestern United States shall be made available to a county or municipal government unless that government has established an enforceable local ordinance, or other zoning rule, which prevents in that jurisdiction the development or construction of any additional colonia areas, or the development within an existing colonia the construction of any new home, business, or other structure which lacks water, wastewater, or other necessary infrastructure; (3) $30,558,000 shall be for grants to the State of Alaska to address drinking water and wastewater infrastructure needs of rural and Alaska Native Villages: Provided, That of these funds: (A) the State of Alaska shall provide a match of 25 percent; (B) no more than 5 percent of the funds may be used for administrative and overhead expenses; and (C) the State of Alaska shall make awards consistent with the Statewide priority list established in conjunction with the Agency and the U.S. Department of Agriculture for all water, sewer, waste disposal, and similar projects carried out by the State of Alaska that are funded under section 221 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1301 ) or the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act ( 7 U.S.C. 1921 et seq. ) which shall allocate not less than 25 percent of the funds provided for projects in regional hub communities; (4) $80,000,000 (increased by $20,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) shall be to carry out section 104(k) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) ( 42 U.S.C. 9604(k) ), including grants, interagency agreements, and associated program support costs: Provided, That at least 10 percent shall be allocated for assistance in persistent poverty counties: Provided further, That for purposes of this section, the term persistent poverty counties means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1993 Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates, the 2000 decennial census, and the most recent Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates, or any territory or possession of the United States; (5) $105,000,000 shall be for grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; (6) $69,927,000 shall be for targeted airshed grants in accordance with the terms and conditions in the report accompanying this Act; (7) $23,221,000 shall be for grants under subsections (a) through (j) of section 1459A of the Safe Drinking Water Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300j–19a ); (8) $30,500,000 (increased by $6,500,000) (reduced by $6,500,000) shall be for grants under section 1464(d) of the Safe Drinking Water Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300j–24(d) ); (9) $25,011,000 shall be for grants under section 1459B of the Safe Drinking Water Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300j–19b ); (10) $7,000,000 shall be for grants under section 1459A(l) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–19a(l)); (11) $27,000,000 shall be for grants under section 104(b)(8) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1254(b)(8) ); (12) $5,000,000 shall be for grants under section 224 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1302b ); (13) $5,000,000 shall be for grants under section 226 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1302d ); (14) $3,000,000 shall be for grants under section 227 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1302e ); (15) $3,000,000 shall be for grants under section 220 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1300 ); (16) $50,000,000 (increased by $230,000,000) (reduced by $230,000,000) shall be for grants under section 221 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1301 ); (17) $2,000,000 shall be for grants under section 4304(b) of the America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 (42 U.S.C. 300j-19e); (18) $3,000,000 shall be for carrying out section 302(a) of the Save Our Seas 2.0 Act ( 33 U.S.C. 4282(a) ), of which not more than 2 percent shall be for administrative costs to carry out such section: Provided, That notwithstanding section 302(a) of such Act, the Administrator may also provide grants pursuant to such authority to Intertribal consortia consistent with the requirements in 40 CFR 35.504(a), to former Indian reservations in Oklahoma (as determined by the Secretary of the Interior), and Alaska Native Villages as defined in Public Law 92–203 ; (19) $5,000,000 shall be for grants under section 1459F of the Safe Drinking Water Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300j–19g ); (20) $2,000,000 shall be for carrying out section 2001 of the America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–270 , 42 U.S.C. 300j–3c note): Provided, That the Administrator may award grants to and enter into contracts with Tribes, Intertribal consortia, public or private agencies, institutions, organizations, and individuals, without regard to section 3324(a) and (b) of title 31 and section 6101 of title 41, United States Code, and enter into interagency agreements as appropriate; (21) $5,000,000 shall be for grants under section 50217(b) of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1302f(b) ; Public Law 117–58 ); (22) $5,000,000 shall be for grants under section 124 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1276 ); and (23) $1,073,030,000 shall be for grants, including associated program support costs, to States, federally recognized Tribes, interstate agencies, Tribal consortia, and air pollution control agencies for multi-media or single media pollution prevention, control and abatement, and related activities, including activities pursuant to the provisions set forth under this heading in Public Law 104–134 , and for making grants under section 103 of the Clean Air Act for particulate matter monitoring and data collection activities subject to terms and conditions specified by the Administrator, and under section 2301 of the Water and Waste Act of 2016 to assist States in developing and implementing programs for control of coal combustion residuals, of which: $36,340,000 shall be for carrying out section 128 of CERCLA; $1,505,000 shall be for grants to States under section 2007(f)(2) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, which shall be in addition to funds appropriated under the heading Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program to carry out the provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code other than section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $18,512,000 of the funds available for grants under section 106 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act shall be for State participation in national- and State-level statistical surveys of water resources and enhancements to State monitoring programs. Water infrastructure finance and innovation program account For the cost of direct loans and for the cost of guaranteed loans, as authorized by the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, $65,974,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), to remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, including capitalized interest, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $12,500,000,000: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be used solely for the cost of direct loans and for the cost of guaranteed loans for projects described in section 5026(9) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 to State infrastructure financing authorities, as authorized by section 5033(e) of such Act: Provided further, That the use of direct loans or loan guarantee authority under this heading for direct loans or commitments to guarantee loans for any project shall be in accordance with the criteria published in the Federal Register on June 30, 2020 (85 FR 39189) pursuant to the fourth proviso under the heading Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Program Account in division D of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( Public Law 116–94 ): Provided further, That none of the direct loans or loan guarantee authority made available under this heading shall be available for any project unless the Administrator and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget have certified in advance in writing that the direct loan or loan guarantee, as applicable, and the project comply with the criteria referenced in the previous proviso: Provided further, That, for the purposes of carrying out the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the Director of the Congressional Budget Office may request, and the Administrator shall promptly provide, documentation and information relating to a project identified in a Letter of Interest submitted to the Administrator pursuant to a Notice of Funding Availability for applications for credit assistance under the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act Program, including with respect to a project that was initiated or completed before the date of enactment of this Act. In addition, fees authorized to be collected pursuant to sections 5029 and 5030 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 shall be deposited in this account, to remain available until expended. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, notwithstanding section 5033 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, $6,026,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. Administrative provisions—Environmental protection agency (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For fiscal year 2024, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 6303(1) and 6305(1), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in carrying out the Agency’s function to implement directly Federal environmental programs required or authorized by law in the absence of an acceptable Tribal program, may award cooperative agreements to federally recognized Indian Tribes or Intertribal consortia, if authorized by their member Tribes, to assist the Administrator in implementing Federal environmental programs for Indian Tribes required or authorized by law, except that no such cooperative agreements may be awarded from funds designated for State financial assistance agreements. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate pesticide registration service fees in accordance with section 33 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act ( 7 U.S.C. 136w–8 ), to remain available until expended. Notwithstanding section 33(d)(2) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) ( 7 U.S.C. 136w–8(d)(2) ), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency may assess fees under section 33 of FIFRA ( 7 U.S.C. 136w–8 ) for fiscal year 2024. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate fees in accordance with section 3024 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act ( 42 U.S.C. 6939g ) for fiscal year 2024, to remain available until expended. The Administrator is authorized to transfer up to $368,000,000 of the funds appropriated for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative under the heading Environmental Programs and Management to the head of any Federal department or agency, with the concurrence of such head, to carry out activities that would support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement programs, projects, or activities; to enter into an interagency agreement with the head of such Federal department or agency to carry out these activities; and to make grants to governmental entities, nonprofit organizations, institutions, and individuals for planning, research, monitoring, outreach, and implementation in furtherance of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. The Science and Technology, Environmental Programs and Management, Office of Inspector General, Hazardous Substance Superfund, and Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program Accounts, are available for the construction, alteration, repair, rehabilitation, and renovation of facilities, provided that the cost does not exceed $300,000 per project. For fiscal year 2024, and notwithstanding section 518(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1377(f) ), the Administrator is authorized to use the amounts appropriated for any fiscal year under section 319 of the Act to make grants to Indian Tribes pursuant to sections 319(h) and 518(e) of that Act. The Administrator is authorized to use the amounts appropriated under the heading Environmental Programs and Management for fiscal year 2024 to provide grants to implement the Southeast New England Watershed Restoration Program. Notwithstanding the limitations on amounts in section 320(i)(2)(B) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, not less than $2,800,000 of the funds made available under this title for the National Estuary Program shall be for making competitive awards described in section 320(g)(4). For fiscal year 2024, the Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention and the Office of Water may, using funds appropriated under the headings Environmental Programs and Management and Science and Technology , contract directly with individuals or indirectly with institutions or nonprofit organizations, without regard to 41 U.S.C. 5 , for the temporary or intermittent personal services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered employees for the purposes of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to compensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relating to tort claims, but shall not be considered to be Federal employees for any other purpose: Provided, That amounts used for this purpose by the Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention and the Office of Water collectively may not exceed $2,000,000. III RELATED AGENCIES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR NATURAL RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Natural Resources and Environment, $1,000,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to any agency in the Natural Resources and Environment mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the office. Forest service FOREST SERVICE OPERATIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, $1,069,086,000 (reduced by $2,000,000), to remain available through September 30, 2027: Provided, That a portion of the funds made available under this heading shall be for the base salary and expenses of employees in the Chief’s Office, the Work Environment and Performance Office, the Business Operations Deputy Area, and the Chief Financial Officer’s Office to carry out administrative and general management support functions: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading shall be available for the costs of facility maintenance, repairs, and leases for buildings and sites where these administrative, general management and other Forest Service support functions take place; the costs of all utility and telecommunication expenses of the Forest Service, as well as business services; and, for information technology, including cybersecurity requirements: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading may be used for necessary expenses to carry out administrative and general management support functions of the Forest Service not otherwise provided for and necessary for its operation. FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH For necessary expenses of forest and rangeland research as authorized by law, $275,000,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000), to remain available through September 30, 2027: Provided, That of the funds provided, $32,197,000 is for the forest inventory and analysis program: Provided further, That all authorities for the use of funds, including the use of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements, available to execute the Forest and Rangeland Research appropriation, are also available in the utilization of these funds for Fire Science Research. STATE, PRIVATE, AND TRIBAL FORESTRY For necessary expenses of cooperating with and providing technical and financial assistance to States, territories, possessions, Tribes, and others, and for forest health management, including for invasive plants, and conducting an international program and trade compliance activities as authorized, $305,198,000, to remain available through September 30, 2027. NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, for management, protection, improvement, and utilization of the National Forest System, and for hazardous fuels management on or adjacent to such lands, $1,816,437,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $409,843,000) (reduced by $409,843,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000), to remain available through September 30, 2027: Provided, That of the funds provided, $32,000,000 shall be deposited in the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund for ecological restoration treatments as authorized by section 4003(f) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 ( 16 U.S.C. 7303(f) ): Provided further, That of the funds provided, $41,600,000 shall be for forest products: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $207,000,000 shall be for hazardous fuels management activities, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 may be used to make grants, using any authorities available to the Forest Service under the State, Private, and Tribal Forestry appropriation, for the purpose of creating incentives for increased use of biomass from National Forest System lands: Provided further, That $20,000,000 may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into procurement contracts or cooperative agreements or to issue grants for hazardous fuels management activities, and for training or monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management activities on Federal land, or on non-Federal land if the Secretary determines such activities benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That funds made available to implement the Community Forest Restoration Act, Public Law 106–393 , title VI, shall be available for use on non-Federal lands in accordance with authorities made available to the Forest Service under the State, Private, and Tribal Forestry appropriation: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 33 of the Bankhead Jones Farm Tenant Act ( 7 U.S.C. 1012 ), the Secretary of Agriculture, in calculating a fee for grazing on a National Grassland, may provide a credit of up to 50 percent of the calculated fee to a Grazing Association or direct permittee for a conservation practice approved by the Secretary in advance of the fiscal year in which the cost of the conservation practice is incurred, and that the amount credited shall remain available to the Grazing Association or the direct permittee, as appropriate, in the fiscal year in which the credit is made and each fiscal year thereafter for use on the project for conservation practices approved by the Secretary: Provided further, That funds appropriated to this account shall be available for the base salary and expenses of employees that carry out the functions funded by the Capital Improvement and Maintenance account, the Range Betterment Fund account, and the Management of National Forest Lands for Subsistence Uses account. CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT AND MAINTENANCE (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, $152,243,000, to remain available through September 30, 2027, for construction, capital improvement, maintenance, and acquisition of buildings and other facilities and infrastructure; for construction, reconstruction, and decommissioning of roads that are no longer needed, including unauthorized roads that are not part of the transportation system; and for maintenance of forest roads and trails by the Forest Service as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 532–538 and 23 U.S.C. 101 and 205: Provided, That $10,000,000 shall be for activities authorized by 16 U.S.C. 538(a) : Provided further, That funds becoming available in fiscal year 2024 under the Act of March 4, 1913 ( 16 U.S.C. 501 ) shall be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury and shall not be available for transfer or obligation for any other purpose unless the funds are appropriated. ACQUISITION OF LANDS FOR NATIONAL FORESTS SPECIAL ACTS For acquisition of lands within the exterior boundaries of the Cache, Uinta, and Wasatch National Forests, Utah; the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada; and the Angeles, San Bernardino, Sequoia, and Cleveland National Forests, California; and the Ozark-St. Francis and Ouachita National Forests, Arkansas; as authorized by law, $664,000, to be derived from forest receipts. ACQUISITION OF LANDS TO COMPLETE LAND EXCHANGES For acquisition of lands, such sums, to be derived from funds deposited by State, county, or municipal governments, public school districts, or other public school authorities, and for authorized expenditures from funds deposited by non-Federal parties pursuant to Land Sale and Exchange Acts, pursuant to the Act of December 4, 1967 ( 16 U.S.C. 484a ), to remain available through September 30, 2027, (16 U.S.C. 516–617a, 555a; Public Law 96–586 ; Public Law 76–589 , Public Law 76–591 ; and Public Law 78–310 ). RANGE BETTERMENT FUND For necessary expenses of range rehabilitation, protection, and improvement, 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year, as fees for grazing domestic livestock on lands in National Forests in the 16 Western States, pursuant to section 401(b)(1) of Public Law 94–579 , to remain available through September 30, 2027, of which not to exceed 6 percent shall be available for administrative expenses associated with on-the-ground range rehabilitation, protection, and improvements. GIFTS, DONATIONS AND BEQUESTS FOR FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH For expenses authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1643(b) , $45,000, to remain available through September 30, 2027, to be derived from the fund established pursuant to the above Act. MANAGEMENT OF NATIONAL FOREST LANDS FOR SUBSISTENCE USES For necessary expenses of the Forest Service to manage Federal lands in Alaska for subsistence uses under title VIII of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act ( 16 U.S.C. 3111 et seq. ), $1,099,000, to remain available through September 30, 2027. WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses for forest fire presuppression activities on National Forest System lands, for emergency wildland fire suppression on or adjacent to such lands or other lands under fire protection agreement, and for emergency rehabilitation of burned-over National Forest System lands and water, $2,116,956,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds, including unobligated balances under this heading, are available for repayment of advances from other appropriations accounts previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That any unobligated funds appropriated in a previous fiscal year for hazardous fuels management may be transferred to the National Forest System account: Provided further, That such funds shall be available to reimburse State and other cooperating entities for services provided in response to wildfire and other emergencies or disasters to the extent such reimbursements by the Forest Service for non-fire emergencies are fully repaid by the responsible emergency management agency: Provided further, That funds provided shall be available for support to Federal emergency response: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any non-Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $1,011,000,000 shall be available for wildfire suppression operations, and is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(F)(ii)(I) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION OPERATIONS RESERVE FUND (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) In addition to the amounts provided under the heading Department of Agriculture—Forest Service—Wildland Fire Management for wildfire suppression operations, $2,300,000,000, to remain available until transferred, is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(F) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided, That such amounts may be transferred to and merged with amounts made available under the headings Department of the Interior—Department-Wide Programs—Wildland Fire Management and Department of Agriculture—Forest Service—Wildland Fire Management for wildfire suppression operations in the fiscal year in which such amounts are transferred: Provided further, That amounts may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management accounts in the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture only upon the notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all wildfire suppression operations funds appropriated under that heading in this and prior appropriations Acts to the agency to which the funds will be transferred will be obligated within 30 days: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That, in determining whether all wildfire suppression operations funds appropriated under the heading Wildland Fire Management in this and prior appropriations Acts to either the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior will be obligated within 30 days pursuant to the preceding proviso, any funds transferred or permitted to be transferred pursuant to any other transfer authority provided by law shall be excluded. COMMUNICATIONS SITE ADMINISTRATION (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) Amounts collected in this fiscal year pursuant to section 8705(f)(2) of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–334 ), shall be deposited in the special account established by section 8705(f)(1) of such Act, shall be available to cover the costs described in subsection (c)(3) of such section of such Act, and shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts shall be transferred to the National Forest System account. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS—FOREST SERVICE (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) Appropriations to the Forest Service for the current fiscal year shall be available for: (1) purchase of passenger motor vehicles; acquisition of passenger motor vehicles from excess sources, and hire of such vehicles; purchase, lease, operation, maintenance, and acquisition of aircraft to maintain the operable fleet for use in Forest Service wildland fire programs and other Forest Service programs; notwithstanding other provisions of law, existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft; (2) services pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2225 , and not to exceed $100,000 for employment under 5 U.S.C. 3109 ; (3) purchase, erection, and alteration of buildings and other public improvements ( 7 U.S.C. 2250 ); (4) acquisition of land, waters, and interests therein pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2268a ; (5) for expenses pursuant to the Volunteers in the National Forest Act of 1972 ( 16 U.S.C. 558a , 558d, and 558a note); (6) the cost of uniforms as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902 ; and (7) for debt collection contracts in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3718(c) . Funds made available to the Forest Service in this Act may be transferred between accounts affected by the Forest Service budget restructure outlined in section 435 of division D of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( Public Law 116–94 ): Provided, That any transfer of funds pursuant to this paragraph shall not increase or decrease the funds appropriated to any account in this fiscal year by more than ten percent: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. Any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for forest firefighting, emergency rehabilitation of burned-over or damaged lands or waters under its jurisdiction, and fire preparedness due to severe burning conditions upon the Secretary of Agriculture’s notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all fire suppression funds appropriated under the heading Wildland Fire Management will be obligated within 30 days: Provided, That all funds used pursuant to this paragraph must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation which must be requested as promptly as possible. Not more than $50,000,000 of funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior for wildland fire management, hazardous fuels management, and State fire assistance when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Forest Service may transfer unobligated balances of discretionary funds appropriated to the Forest Service by this Act to or within the National Forest System Account, or reprogram funds to be used for the purposes of hazardous fuels management and urgent rehabilitation of burned-over National Forest System lands and water: Provided, That such transferred funds shall remain available through September 30, 2027: Provided further, That none of the funds transferred pursuant to this paragraph shall be available for obligation without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for assistance to or through the Agency for International Development in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and shall be available to support forestry and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States government, private sector, and international organizations: Provided, That the Forest Service, acting for the International Program, may sign direct funding agreements with foreign governments and institutions as well as other domestic agencies (including the U.S. Agency for International Development, the Department of State, and the Millennium Challenge Corporation), United States private sector firms, institutions and organizations to provide technical assistance and training programs on forestry and rangeland management: Provided further, That to maximize effectiveness of domestic and international research and cooperation, the International Program may utilize all authorities related to forestry, research, and cooperative assistance regardless of program designations. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available to enter into a cooperative agreement with the section 509(a)(3) Supporting Organization, Forest Service International Foundation to assist the Foundation in meeting administrative, project, and other expenses, and may provide for the Foundation’s use of Forest Service personnel and facilities. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, for removal, preparation, and adoption of excess wild horses and burros from National Forest System lands, and for the performance of cadastral surveys to designate the boundaries of such lands. None of the funds made available to the Forest Service in this Act or any other Act with respect to any fiscal year shall be subject to transfer under the provisions of section 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 ( 7 U.S.C. 2257 ), section 442 of Public Law 106–224 ( 7 U.S.C. 7772 ), or section 10417(b) of Public Law 107–171 ( 7 U.S.C. 8316(b) ). Not more than $82,000,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture and not more than $14,500,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Department of Agriculture for Department Reimbursable Programs, commonly referred to as Greenbook charges: Provided, That nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit or limit the use of reimbursable agreements requested by the Forest Service in order to obtain information technology services, including telecommunications and system modifications or enhancements, from the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture. Of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $5,000,000 shall be available for priority projects within the scope of the approved budget, which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps and shall be carried out under the authority of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 ( 16 U.S.C. 1721 et seq. ). Of the funds available to the Forest Service, $4,000 is available to the Chief of the Forest Service for official reception and representation expenses. Pursuant to sections 405(b) and 410(b) of Public Law 101–593 , of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $3,000,000 may be advanced in a lump sum to the National Forest Foundation to aid conservation partnership projects in support of the Forest Service mission, without regard to when the Foundation incurs expenses, for projects on or benefitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided, That of the Federal funds made available to the Foundation, no more than $300,000 shall be available for administrative expenses: Provided further, That the Foundation shall obtain, by the end of the period of Federal financial assistance, private contributions to match funds made available by the Forest Service on at least a one-for-one basis: Provided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or a non-Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non-Federal matching funds. Pursuant to section 2(b)(2) of Public Law 98–244 , up to $1,500,000 of the funds available to the Forest Service may be advanced to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation in a lump sum to aid cost-share conservation projects, without regard to when expenses are incurred, on or benefitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided, That such funds shall be matched on at least a one-for-one basis by the Foundation or its sub-recipients: Provided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or non-Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non-Federal matching funds. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service under the National Forest System heading shall be available for the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into cooperative agreements with other Federal agencies, Tribes, States, local governments, private and nonprofit entities, and educational institutions to support the work of forest or grassland collaboratives on activities benefitting Federal lands and adjacent non-Federal lands, including for technical assistance, administrative functions or costs, and other capacity support needs identified by the Forest Service. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for interactions with and providing technical assistance to rural communities and natural resource-based businesses for sustainable rural development purposes. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for payments to counties within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, pursuant to section 14(c)(1) and (2), and section 16(a)(2) of Public Law 99–663 . Any funds appropriated to the Forest Service may be used to meet the non-Federal share requirement in section 502(c) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 ( 42 U.S.C. 3056(c)(2) ). The Forest Service shall not assess funds for the purpose of performing fire, administrative, and other facilities maintenance and decommissioning. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service, not to exceed $500,000 may be used to reimburse the Office of the General Counsel (OGC), Department of Agriculture, for travel and related expenses incurred as a result of OGC assistance or participation requested by the Forest Service at meetings, training sessions, management reviews, land purchase negotiations, and similar matters unrelated to civil litigation: Provided, That future budget justifications for both the Forest Service and the Department of Agriculture should clearly display the sums previously transferred and the sums requested for transfer. An eligible individual who is employed in any project funded under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 ( 42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq. ) and administered by the Forest Service shall be considered to be a Federal employee for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available to pay, from a single account, the base salary and expenses of employees who carry out functions funded by other accounts for Enterprise Program, Geospatial Technology and Applications Center, remnant Natural Resource Manager, Job Corps, and National Technology and Development Program. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Indian health service INDIAN HEALTH SERVICES For expenses necessary to carry out the Act of August 5, 1954 (68 Stat. 674), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act, the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to the Indian Health Service, $273,556,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, except as otherwise provided herein; and shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2023, and in addition, $4,901,524,000, which shall become available on October 1, 2024, and remain available through September 30, 2026, except as otherwise provided herein; together with payments received during each fiscal year pursuant to sections 231(b) and 233 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 238(b) and 238b), for services furnished by the Indian Health Service: Provided, That funds made available to Tribes and Tribal organizations through contracts, grant agreements, or any other agreements or compacts authorized by the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 ( 25 U.S.C. 5301 ), shall be deemed to be obligated at the time of the grant or contract award and thereafter shall remain available to the Tribe or Tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That $2,500,000 shall be available for fiscal year 2025 for grants or contracts with public or private institutions to provide alcohol or drug treatment services to Indians, including alcohol detoxification services: Provided further, That $996,755,000 shall remain available until expended for fiscal year 2025 for Purchased/Referred Care: Provided further, That of the total amount specified in the preceding proviso for Purchased/Referred Care, $54,000,000 shall be for the Indian Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund: Provided further, That $51,000,000 shall remain available until expended for fiscal year 2025 for implementation of the loan repayment program under section 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act: Provided further, That $58,000,000 for fiscal year 2025 shall be for costs related to or resulting from accreditation emergencies, including supplementing activities funded under the heading Indian Health Facilities , of which up to $4,000,000 may be used to supplement amounts otherwise available for Purchased/Referred Care: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Federal Government as authorized by sections 104 and 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a) during the preceding fiscal year for breach of contracts shall be deposited in the Fund authorized by section 108A of that Act ( 25 U.S.C. 1616a–1 ) and shall remain available until expended and, notwithstanding section 108A(c) of that Act ( 25 U.S.C. 1616a–1(c) ), funds shall be available to make new awards under the loan repayment and scholarship programs under sections 104 and 108 of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a): Provided further, That the amounts made available within this account for the Substance Abuse and Suicide Prevention Program, for Opioid Prevention, Treatment and Recovery Services, for the Domestic Violence Prevention Program, for the Zero Suicide Initiative, for the housing subsidy authority for civilian employees, for Aftercare Pilot Programs at Youth Regional Treatment Centers, for transformation and modernization costs of the Indian Health Service Electronic Health Record system, for national quality and oversight activities, for improving collections from public and private insurance at Indian Health Service and Tribally-operated facilities, for an initiative to treat or reduce the transmission of HIV and HCV, for a maternal health initiative, for the Telebehaviorial Health Center of Excellence, for Alzheimer’s activities, for Village Built Clinics, for a produce prescription pilot, and for accreditation emergencies shall be allocated at the discretion of the Director of the Indian Health Service and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act that are available for two fiscal years may be used in their second year of availability for annual contracts and grants that fall within 2 fiscal years, provided the total obligation is recorded in such second year of availability: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under the authority of title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act ( 25 U.S.C. 1613 ) shall remain available until expended for the purpose of achieving compliance with the applicable conditions and requirements of titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act, except for those related to the planning, design, or construction of new facilities: Provided further, That funding contained herein for scholarship programs under the Indian Health Care Improvement Act ( 25 U.S.C. 1613 ) shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That amounts received by Tribes and Tribal organizations under title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall be reported and accounted for and available to the receiving Tribes and Tribal organizations until expended: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may collect from the Indian Health Service, and from Tribes and Tribal organizations operating health facilities pursuant to Public Law 93–638 , such individually identifiable health information relating to disabled children as may be necessary for the purpose of carrying out its functions under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq. ): Provided further, That of the funds provided for fiscal year 2025, $74,138,000 is for the Indian Health Care Improvement Fund and may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act, or any other Act, to the Indian Health Service for the Electronic Health Record system shall be available for obligation or expenditure for the selection or implementation of a new Information Technology infrastructure system, unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 90 days in advance of such obligation. CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS For payments to Tribes and Tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act agreements with the Indian Health Service for fiscal year 2024, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account: Provided further, That amounts obligated but not expended by a Tribe or Tribal organization for contract support costs for such agreements for the current fiscal year shall be applied to contract support costs due for such agreements for subsequent fiscal years. PAYMENTS FOR TRIBAL LEASES For payments to Tribes and Tribal organizations for leases pursuant to section 105(l) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5324(l) ) for fiscal year 2024, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2025: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. INDIAN HEALTH FACILITIES For construction, repair, maintenance, demolition, improvement, and equipment of health and related auxiliary facilities, including quarters for personnel; preparation of plans, specifications, and drawings; acquisition of sites, purchase and erection of modular buildings, and purchases of trailers; and for provision of domestic and community sanitation facilities for Indians, as authorized by section 7 of the Act of August 5, 1954 ( 42 U.S.C. 2004a ), the Indian Self-Determination Act, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and for expenses necessary to carry out such Acts and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to environmental health and facilities support activities of the Indian Health Service, $475,209,000, which shall remain available until expended and shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2023; and, in addition, $976,699,000, which shall become available on October 1, 2024, and remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated for the planning, design, construction, renovation, or expansion of health facilities for the benefit of an Indian Tribe or Tribes may be used to purchase land on which such facilities will be located: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be used for fiscal year 2025 by the Indian Health Service to purchase TRANSAM equipment from the Department of Defense for distribution to the Indian Health Service and Tribal facilities: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service may be used for sanitation facilities construction for new homes funded with grants by the housing programs of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS—INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE Appropriations provided in this Act to the Indian Health Service shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 at rates not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior-level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376 ; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; purchase of medical equipment; purchase of reprints; purchase, renovation, and erection of modular buildings and renovation of existing facilities; payments for telephone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary of Health and Human Services; uniforms, or allowances therefor as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902 ; and for expenses of attendance at meetings that relate to the functions or activities of the Indian Health Service: Provided, That in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, non-Indian patients may be extended health care at all Tribally administered or Indian Health Service facilities, subject to charges, and the proceeds along with funds recovered under the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act ( 42 U.S.C. 2651–2653 ) shall be credited to the account of the facility providing the service and shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other law or regulation, funds transferred from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Indian Health Service shall be administered under Public Law 86–121 , the Indian Sanitation Facilities Act and Public Law 93–638 : Provided further, That funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service in this Act, except those used for administrative and program direction purposes, shall not be subject to limitations directed at curtailing Federal travel and transportation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used for any assessments or charges by the Department of Health and Human Services unless such assessments or charges are identified in the budget justification and provided in this Act, or approved by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations through the reprogramming process: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds previously or herein made available to a Tribe or Tribal organization through a contract, grant, or agreement authorized by title I or title V of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 ( 25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ), may be deobligated and reobligated to a self-determination contract under title I, or a self-governance agreement under title V of such Act and thereafter shall remain available to the Tribe or Tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used to implement the final rule published in the Federal Register on September 16, 1987, by the Department of Health and Human Services, relating to the eligibility for the health care services of the Indian Health Service until the Indian Health Service has submitted a budget request reflecting the increased costs associated with the proposed final rule, and such request has been included in an appropriations Act and enacted into law: Provided further, That with respect to functions transferred by the Indian Health Service to Tribes or Tribal organizations, the Indian Health Service is authorized to provide goods and services to those entities on a reimbursable basis, including payments in advance with subsequent adjustment, and the reimbursements received therefrom, along with the funds received from those entities pursuant to the Indian Self-Determination Act, may be credited to the same or subsequent appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived, with such amounts to remain available until expended: Provided further, That reimbursements for training, technical assistance, or services provided by the Indian Health Service will contain total costs, including direct, administrative, and overhead costs associated with the provision of goods, services, or technical assistance: Provided further, That the Indian Health Service may provide to civilian medical personnel serving in hospitals operated by the Indian Health Service housing allowances equivalent to those that would be provided to members of the Commissioned Corps of the United States Public Health Service serving in similar positions at such hospitals: Provided further, That the appropriation structure for the Indian Health Service may not be altered without advance notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. National institutes of health NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH SCIENCES For necessary expenses for the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences in carrying out activities set forth in section 311(a) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 ( 42 U.S.C. 9660(a) ) and section 126(g) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, $75,000,000. Agency for toxic substances and disease registry TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND ENVIRONMENTAL PUBLIC HEALTH For necessary expenses for the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) in carrying out activities set forth in sections 104(i) and 111(c)(4) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) and section 3019 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $76,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, in lieu of performing a health assessment under section 104(i)(6) of CERCLA, the Administrator of ATSDR may conduct other appropriate health studies, evaluations, or activities, including, without limitation, biomedical testing, clinical evaluations, medical monitoring, and referral to accredited healthcare providers: Provided further, That in performing any such health assessment or health study, evaluation, or activity, the Administrator of ATSDR shall not be bound by the deadlines in section 104(i)(6)(A) of CERCLA: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for ATSDR to issue in excess of 40 toxicological profiles pursuant to section 104(i) of CERCLA during fiscal year 2024, and existing profiles may be updated as necessary. OTHER RELATED AGENCIES Executive office of the President COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY AND OFFICE OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY For necessary expenses to continue functions assigned to the Council on Environmental Quality and Office of Environmental Quality pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, the Environmental Quality Improvement Act of 1970, and Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1977, and not to exceed $750 for official reception and representation expenses, $3,750,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $2,750,000): Provided, That notwithstanding section 202 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1970, the Council shall consist of one member, appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, serving as chairman and exercising all powers, functions, and duties of the Council. Chemical safety and hazard investigation board SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses in carrying out activities pursuant to section 112(r)(6) of the Clean Air Act, including hire of passenger vehicles, uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902 , and for services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376 , $12,960,000: Provided, That the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board (Board) shall have not more than three career Senior Executive Service positions: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the individual appointed to the position of Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) shall, by virtue of such appointment, also hold the position of Inspector General of the Board: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Inspector General of the Board shall utilize personnel of the Office of Inspector General of EPA in performing the duties of the Inspector General of the Board, and shall not appoint any individuals to positions within the Board. Office of navajo and hopi indian relocation SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation as authorized by Public Law 93–531 , $3,060,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be derived from unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available under this heading: Provided, That funds provided in this or any other appropriations Act are to be used to relocate eligible individuals and groups including evictees from District 6, Hopi-partitioned lands residents, those in significantly substandard housing, and all others certified as eligible and not included in the preceding categories: Provided further, That none of the funds contained in this or any other Act may be used by the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation to evict any single Navajo or Navajo family who, as of November 30, 1985, was physically domiciled on the lands partitioned to the Hopi Tribe unless a new or replacement home is provided for such household: Provided further, That no relocatee will be provided with more than one new or replacement home: Provided further, That the Office shall relocate any certified eligible relocatees who have selected and received an approved homesite on the Navajo reservation or selected a replacement residence off the Navajo reservation or on the land acquired pursuant to section 11 of Public Law 93–531 (88 Stat. 1716). Institute of American indian and Alaska native culture and arts development PAYMENT TO THE INSTITUTE For payment to the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development, as authorized by part A of title XV of Public Law 99–498 ( 20 U.S.C. 4411 et seq. ), $13,000,000, which shall become available on July 1, 2024, and shall remain available until September 30, 2025. Smithsonian institution SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Smithsonian Institution, as authorized by law, including research in the fields of art, science, and history; development, preservation, and documentation of the National Collections; presentation of public exhibits and performances; collection, preparation, dissemination, and exchange of information and publications; conduct of education, training, and museum assistance programs; maintenance, alteration, operation, lease agreements of no more than 30 years, and protection of buildings, facilities, and approaches; not to exceed $100,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 ; and purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for employees, $852,215,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $16,938,000 for the instrumentation program, collections acquisition, exhibition reinstallation, Smithsonian American Women's History Museum, and the repatriation of skeletal remains program shall remain available until expended; and including such funds as may be necessary to support American overseas research centers: Provided, That funds appropriated herein are available for advance payments to independent contractors performing research services or participating in official Smithsonian presentations: Provided further, That the Smithsonian Institution may expend Federal appropriations designated in this Act for lease or rent payments, as rent payable to the Smithsonian Institution, and such rent payments may be deposited into the general trust funds of the Institution to be available as trust funds for expenses associated with the purchase of a portion of the building at 600 Maryland Avenue, SW, Washington, DC, to the extent that federally supported activities will be housed there: Provided further, That the use of such amounts in the general trust funds of the Institution for such purpose shall not be construed as Federal debt service for, a Federal guarantee of, a transfer of risk to, or an obligation of the Federal Government: Provided further, That no appropriated funds may be used directly to service debt which is incurred to finance the costs of acquiring a portion of the building at 600 Maryland Avenue, SW, Washington, DC, or of planning, designing, and constructing improvements to such building: Provided further, That any agreement entered into by the Smithsonian Institution for the sale of its ownership interest, or any portion thereof, in such building so acquired may not take effect until the expiration of a 30 day period which begins on the date on which the Secretary of the Smithsonian submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate, the Committees on House Administration and Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate a report, as outlined in the explanatory statement described in section 4 of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( Public Law 116–94 ; 133 Stat. 2536) on the intended sale. FACILITIES CAPITAL For necessary expenses of repair, revitalization, and alteration of facilities owned or occupied by the Smithsonian Institution, by contract or otherwise, as authorized by section 2 of the Act of August 22, 1949 (63 Stat. 623), and for construction, including necessary personnel, $107,500,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $10,000 shall be for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 . National gallery of art SALARIES AND EXPENSES For the upkeep and operations of the National Gallery of Art, the protection and care of the works of art therein, and administrative expenses incident thereto, as authorized by the Act of March 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 51), as amended by the public resolution of April 13, 1939 (Public Resolution 9, 76th Congress), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 ; payment in advance when authorized by the treasurer of the Gallery for membership in library, museum, and art associations or societies whose publications or services are available to members only, or to members at a price lower than to the general public; purchase, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for guards, and uniforms, or allowances therefor, for other employees as authorized by law ( 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902 ); purchase or rental of devices and services for protecting buildings and contents thereof, and maintenance, alteration, improvement, and repair of buildings, approaches, and grounds; and purchase of services for restoration and repair of works of art for the National Gallery of Art by contracts made, without advertising, with individuals, firms, or organizations at such rates or prices and under such terms and conditions as the Gallery may deem proper, $160,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. REPAIR, RESTORATION AND RENOVATION OF BUILDINGS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of repair, restoration, and renovation of buildings, grounds and facilities owned or occupied by the National Gallery of Art, by contract or otherwise, for operating lease agreements of no more than 10 years, that address space needs created by the ongoing renovations in the Master Facilities Plan, as authorized, $18,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds may be obligated for design and construction of an off-site art storage facility in partnership with the Smithsonian Institution and may be transferred to the Smithsonian Institution for such purposes: Provided further, That contracts awarded for environmental systems, protection systems, and exterior repair or renovation of buildings of the National Gallery of Art may be negotiated with selected contractors and awarded on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price. John f. kennedy center for the performing arts OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE For necessary expenses for the operation, maintenance, and security of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $20,000,000, to remain available until September, 30, 2025. CAPITAL REPAIR AND RESTORATION For necessary expenses for capital repair and restoration of the existing features of the building and site of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. Woodrow wilson international center for scholars SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary in carrying out the provisions of the Woodrow Wilson Memorial Act of 1968 (82 Stat. 1356) including hire of passenger vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 , $12,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. National foundation on the arts and the humanities National endowment for the arts GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965, $186,300,000 shall be available to the National Endowment for the Arts for the support of projects and productions in the arts, including arts education and public outreach activities, through assistance to organizations and individuals pursuant to section 5 of the Act, for program support, and for administering the functions of the Act, to remain available until expended. National endowment for the humanities GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965, $186,300,000 to remain available until expended: Provided, That appropriations for carrying out section 10(a)(2) of such Act shall be available for obligation only in such amounts as may be equal to the total amounts of gifts, bequests, devises of money, and other property accepted by the chairman or by grantees of the National Endowment for the Humanities under the provisions of sections 11(a)(2)(B) and 11(a)(3)(B) of such Act during the current and preceding fiscal years for which equal amounts have not previously been appropriated. Administrative provisions None of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used to process any grant or contract documents which do not include the text of 18 U.S.C. 1913: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That funds from nonappropriated sources may be used as necessary for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts may approve grants of up to $10,000, if in the aggregate the amount of such grants does not exceed 5 percent of the sums appropriated for grantmaking purposes per year: Provided further, That such small grant actions are taken pursuant to the terms of an expressed and direct delegation of authority from the National Council on the Arts to the Chairperson. Commission of fine arts SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses of the Commission of Fine Arts under chapter 91 of title 40, United States Code, $3,464,000: Provided, That the Commission is authorized to charge fees to cover the full costs of its publications, and such fees shall be credited to this account as an offsetting collection, to remain available until expended without further appropriation: Provided further, That the Commission is authorized to accept gifts, including objects, papers, artwork, drawings and artifacts, that pertain to the history and design of the Nation’s Capital or the history and activities of the Commission of Fine Arts, for the purpose of artistic display, study, or education: Provided further, That one-tenth of one percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representation expenses. NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL AFFAIRS For necessary expenses as authorized by Public Law 99–190 ( 20 U.S.C. 956a ), $4,750,000: Provided, That the item relating to National Capital Arts and Cultural Affairs in the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1986, as enacted into law by section 101(d) of Public Law 99–190 ( 20 U.S.C. 956a ), shall be applied in fiscal year 2024 in the second paragraph by inserting , calendar year 2020 excluded before the first period. Advisory council on historic preservation SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation ( Public Law 89–665 ), $8,285,000. National capital planning commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the National Capital Planning Commission under chapter 87 of title 40, United States Code, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 , $8,500,000: Provided, That one-quarter of 1 percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representational expenses associated with hosting international visitors engaged in the planning and physical development of world capitals. United States holocaust memorial museum HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM For expenses of the Holocaust Memorial Museum, as authorized by Public Law 106–292 ( 36 U.S.C. 2301–2310 ), $67,000,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2025, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, for the Museum’s equipment replacement program; and of which $4,000,000 for the Museum’s repair and rehabilitation program and $1,264,000 for the Museum’s outreach initiatives program shall remain available until expended. World war I centennial commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES Notwithstanding section 9 of the World War I Centennial Commission Act, as authorized by the World War I Centennial Commission Act ( Public Law 112–272 ) and the Carl Levin and Howard P. Buck McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ), for necessary expenses of the World War I Centennial Commission, $1,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That in addition to the authority provided by section 6(g) of such Act, the World War I Commission may accept money, in-kind personnel services, contractual support, or any appropriate support from any executive branch agency for activities of the Commission. United States semiquincentennial commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the United States Semiquincentennial Commission to plan and coordinate observances and activities associated with the 250th anniversary of the founding of the United States, as authorized by Public Law 116–282 , the technical amendments to Public Law 114–196 , $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. IV GENERAL PROVISIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) RESTRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS 401. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available for any activity or the publication or distribution of literature that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legislative proposal on which Congressional action is not complete other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913 . OBLIGATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 402. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. DISCLOSURE OF ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 403. The amount and basis of estimated overhead charges, deductions, reserves, or holdbacks, including working capital fund charges, from programs, projects, activities and subactivities to support government-wide, departmental, agency, or bureau administrative functions or headquarters, regional, or central operations shall be presented in annual budget justifications and subject to approval by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. Changes to such estimates shall be presented to the Committees on Appropriations for approval. MINING APPLICATIONS 404. (a) Limitation of funds None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended to accept or process applications for a patent for any mining or mill site claim located under the general mining laws. (b) Exceptions Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Interior determines that, for the claim concerned: (1) a patent application was filed with the Secretary on or before September 30, 1994; and (2) all requirements established under sections 2325 and 2326 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 29 and 30) for vein or lode claims, sections 2329, 2330, 2331, and 2333 of the Revised Statutes ( 30 U.S.C. 35 , 36, and 37) for placer claims, and section 2337 of the Revised Statutes ( 30 U.S.C. 42 ) for mill site claims, as the case may be, were fully complied with by the applicant by that date. (c) Report On September 30, 2025, the Secretary of the Interior shall file with the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on actions taken by the Department under the plan submitted pursuant to section 314(c) of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997 ( Public Law 104–208 ). (d) Mineral examinations In order to process patent applications in a timely and responsible manner, upon the request of a patent applicant, the Secretary of the Interior shall allow the applicant to fund a qualified third-party contractor to be selected by the Director of the Bureau of Land Management to conduct a mineral examination of the mining claims or mill sites contained in a patent application as set forth in subsection (b). The Bureau of Land Management shall have the sole responsibility to choose and pay the third-party contractor in accordance with the standard procedures employed by the Bureau of Land Management in the retention of third-party contractors. CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS, PRIOR YEAR LIMITATION 405. Sections 405 and 406 of division F of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 ( Public Law 113–235 ) shall continue in effect in fiscal year 2024. CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS, FISCAL YEAR 2024 LIMITATION 406. Amounts provided by this Act for fiscal year 2024 under the headings Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, Contract Support Costs and Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Contract Support Costs are the only amounts available for contract support costs arising out of self-determination or self-governance contracts, grants, compacts, or annual funding agreements for fiscal year 2024 with the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Bureau of Indian Education, and the Indian Health Service: Provided, That such amounts provided by this Act are not available for payment of claims for contract support costs for prior years, or for repayments of payments for settlements or judgments awarding contract support costs for prior years. FOREST MANAGEMENT PLANS 407. The Secretary of Agriculture shall not be considered to be in violation of section 6(f)(5)(A) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 ( 16 U.S.C. 1604(f)(5)(A) ) solely because more than 15 years have passed without revision of the plan for a unit of the National Forest System. Nothing in this section exempts the Secretary from any other requirement of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act ( 16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq. ) or any other law: Provided, That if the Secretary is not acting expeditiously and in good faith, within the funding available, to revise a plan for a unit of the National Forest System, this section shall be void with respect to such plan and a court of proper jurisdiction may order completion of the plan on an accelerated basis. PROHIBITION WITHIN NATIONAL MONUMENTS 408. No funds provided in this Act may be expended to conduct preleasing, leasing and related activities under either the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 181 et seq. ) or the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq. ) within the boundaries of a National Monument established pursuant to the Act of June 8, 1906 ( 16 U.S.C. 431 et seq. ) as such boundary existed on January 20, 2001, except where such activities are allowed under the Presidential proclamation establishing such monument. LIMITATION ON TAKINGS 409. Unless otherwise provided herein, no funds appropriated in this Act for the acquisition of lands or interests in lands may be expended for the filing of declarations of taking or complaints in condemnation without the approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That this provision shall not apply to funds appropriated to implement the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989, or to funds appropriated for Federal assistance to the State of Florida to acquire lands for Everglades restoration purposes. PROHIBITION ON NO-BID CONTRACTS 410. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to executive branch agencies may be used to enter into any Federal contract unless such contract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of Chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, or Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless— (1) Federal law specifically authorizes a contract to be entered into without regard for these requirements, including formula grants for States, or federally recognized Indian Tribes; (2) such contract is authorized by the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( Public Law 93–638 , 25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ) or by any other Federal laws that specifically authorize a contract within an Indian Tribe as defined in section 4(e) of that Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5304(e) ); or (3) such contract was awarded prior to the date of enactment of this Act. POSTING OF REPORTS 411. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS GRANT GUIDELINES 412. Of the funds provided to the National Endowment for the Arts— (1) The Chairperson shall only award a grant to an individual if such grant is awarded to such individual for a literature fellowship, National Heritage Fellowship, or American Jazz Masters Fellowship. (2) The Chairperson shall establish procedures to ensure that no funding provided through a grant, except a grant made to a State or local arts agency, or regional group, may be used to make a grant to any other organization or individual to conduct activity independent of the direct grant recipient. Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit payments made in exchange for goods and services. (3) No grant shall be used for seasonal support to a group, unless the application is specific to the contents of the season, including identified programs or projects. NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS PROGRAM PRIORITIES 413. (a) In providing services or awarding financial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 from funds appropriated under this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that serve underserved populations. (b) In this section: (1) The term underserved population means a population of individuals, including urban minorities, who have historically been outside the purview of arts and humanities programs due to factors such as a high incidence of income below the poverty line or to geographic isolation. (2) The term poverty line means the poverty line (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget, and revised annually in accordance with section 673(2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act ( 42 U.S.C. 9902(2) )) applicable to a family of the size involved. (c) In providing services and awarding financial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965 with funds appropriated by this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that will encourage public knowledge, education, understanding, and appreciation of the arts. (d) With funds appropriated by this Act to carry out section 5 of the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965— (1) the Chairperson shall establish a grant category for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that are of national impact or availability or are able to tour several States; (2) the Chairperson shall not make grants exceeding 15 percent, in the aggregate, of such funds to any single State, excluding grants made under the authority of paragraph (1); (3) the Chairperson shall report to the Congress annually and by State, on grants awarded by the Chairperson in each grant category under section 5 of such Act; and (4) the Chairperson shall encourage the use of grants to improve and support community-based music performance and education. STATUS OF BALANCES OF APPROPRIATIONS 414. The Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Indian Health Service shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of appropriations including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds in each program and activity within 60 days of enactment of this Act. EXTENSION OF GRAZING PERMITS 415. The terms and conditions of section 325 of Public Law 108–108 (117 Stat. 1307), regarding grazing permits issued by the Forest Service on any lands not subject to administration under section 402 of the Federal Lands Policy and Management Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1752 ), shall remain in effect for fiscal year 2024. FUNDING PROHIBITION 416. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. HUMANE TRANSFER AND TREATMENT OF ANIMALS 417. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior, with respect to land administered by the Bureau of Land Management, or the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to land administered by the Forest Service (referred to in this section as the Secretary concerned ), may transfer excess wild horses and burros that have been removed from land administered by the Secretary concerned to other Federal, State, and local government agencies for use as work animals. (b) The Secretary concerned may make a transfer under subsection (a) immediately on the request of a Federal, State, or local government agency. (c) An excess wild horse or burro transferred under subsection (a) shall lose status as a wild free-roaming horse or burro (as defined in section 2 of Public Law 92–195 (commonly known as the Wild Free-Roaming Horses and Burros Act ) ( 16 U.S.C. 1332 )). (d) A Federal, State, or local government agency receiving an excess wild horse or burro pursuant to subsection (a) shall not— (1) destroy the horse or burro in a manner that results in the destruction of the horse or burro into a commercial product; (2) sell or otherwise transfer the horse or burro in a manner that results in the destruction of the horse or burro for processing into a commercial product; or (3) euthanize the horse or burro, except on the recommendation of a licensed veterinarian in a case of severe injury, illness, or advanced age. (e) Amounts appropriated by this Act shall not be available for— (1) the destruction of any healthy, unadopted, and wild horse or burro under the jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned (including a contractor); or (2) the sale of a wild horse or burro that results in the destruction of the wild horse or burro for processing into a commercial product. FOREST SERVICE FACILITY REALIGNMENT AND ENHANCEMENT AUTHORIZATION EXTENSION 418. Section 503(f) of Public Law 109–54 ( 16 U.S.C. 580d note) shall be applied by substituting September 30, 2024 for September 30, 2019 . USE OF AMERICAN IRON AND STEEL 419. (a) (1) None of the funds made available by a State water pollution control revolving fund as authorized by section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300j–12 ) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of a public water system or treatment works unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term iron and steel products means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or unlined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (in this section referred to as the Administrator ) finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be inconsistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities and of a satisfactory quality; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products produced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Administrator receives a request for a waiver under this section, the Administrator shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Administrator concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Administrator shall make the request and accompanying information available by electronic means, including on the official public Internet Web site of the Environmental Protection Agency. (d) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. (e) The Administrator may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Clean and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds for carrying out the provisions described in subsection (a)(1) for management and oversight of the requirements of this section. LOCAL COOPERATOR TRAINING AGREEMENTS AND TRANSFERS OF EXCESS EQUIPMENT AND SUPPLIES FOR WILDFIRES 420. The Secretary of the Interior is authorized to enter into grants and cooperative agreements with volunteer fire departments, rural fire departments, rangeland fire protection associations, and similar organizations to provide for wildland fire training and equipment, including supplies and communication devices. Notwithstanding section 121(c) of title 40, United States Code, or section 521 of title 40, United States Code, the Secretary is further authorized to transfer title to excess Department of the Interior firefighting equipment no longer needed to carry out the functions of the Department’s wildland fire management program to such organizations. RECREATION FEES 421. Section 810 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act ( 16 U.S.C. 6809 ) shall be applied by substituting October 1, 2025 for September 30, 2019 . REPROGRAMMING GUIDELINES 422. None of the funds made available in this Act, in this and prior fiscal years, may be reprogrammed without the advance approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the reprogramming procedures contained in the report accompanying this Act. LOCAL CONTRACTORS 423. Section 412 of division E of Public Law 112–74 shall be applied by substituting fiscal year 2024 for fiscal year 2019 . INTERPRETIVE ASSOCIATION AUTHORIZATION EXTENSION 424. Section 426 of division G of Public Law 113–76 ( 16 U.S.C. 565a–1 note) shall be applied by substituting September 30, 2024 for September 30, 2019 . PUERTO RICO SCHOOLING AUTHORIZATION EXTENSION 425. The authority provided by the 19th unnumbered paragraph under heading Administrative Provisions, Forest Service in title III of Public Law 109–54 , as amended, shall be applied by substituting fiscal year 2024 for fiscal year 2019 . FOREST BOTANICAL PRODUCTS FEE COLLECTION AUTHORIZATION EXTENSION 426. Section 339 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2000 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–113 ; 16 U.S.C. 528 note), as amended by section 335(6) of Public Law 108–108 and section 432 of Public Law 113–76 , shall be applied by substituting fiscal year 2024 for fiscal year 2019 . TRIBAL LEASES 427. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in the case of any lease under section 105(l) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5324(l) ), the initial lease term shall commence no earlier than the date of receipt of the lease proposal. (b) The Secretaries of the Interior and Health and Human Services shall, jointly or separately, during fiscal year 2024 consult with Tribes and Tribal organizations through public solicitation and other means regarding the requirements for leases under section 105(l) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5324(l) ) on how to implement a consistent and transparent process for the payment of such leases. FOREST ECOSYSTEM HEALTH AND RECOVERY FUND 428. The authority provided under the heading Forest Ecosystem Health and Recovery Fund in title I of Public Law 111–88 , as amended by section 117 of division F of Public Law 113–235 , shall be applied by substituting fiscal year 2024 for fiscal year 2020 each place it appears. ALLOCATION OF PROJECTS, NATIONAL PARKS AND PUBLIC LAND LEGACY RESTORATION FUND AND LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND 429. (a) (1) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall allocate amounts made available from the National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund for fiscal year 2024 pursuant to subsection (c) of section 200402 of title 54, United States Code, and as provided in subsection (e) of such section of such title, to the agencies of the Department of the Interior and the Department of Agriculture specified, in the amounts specified, for the stations and unit names specified, and for the projects and activities specified in the table titled Allocation of Funds: National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund Fiscal Year 2024 in the report accompanying this Act. (2) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture, as appropriate, shall allocate amounts made available for expenditure from the Land and Water Conservation Fund for fiscal year 2024 pursuant to subsection (a) of section 200303 of title 54, United States Code, to the agencies and accounts specified, in the amounts specified, and for the projects and activities specified in the table titled Allocation of Funds: Land and Water Conservation Fund Fiscal Year 2024 in the report accompanying this Act. (b) Except as otherwise provided by subsection (c) of this section, neither the President nor his designee may allocate any amounts that are made available for any fiscal year under subsection (c) of section 200402 of title 54, United States Code, or subsection (a) of section 200303 of title 54, United States Code, other than in amounts and for projects and activities that are allocated by subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this section: Provided, That in any fiscal year, the matter preceding this proviso shall not apply to the allocation of amounts for continuing administration of programs allocated funds from the National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund or the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which may be allocated only in amounts that are no more than the allocation for such purposes in subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this section. (c) The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may reallocate amounts from each agency’s Contingency Fund line in the table titled Allocation of Funds: National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund Fiscal Year 2024 to any project funded by the National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund within the same agency, from any fiscal year, that experienced a funding deficiency due to unforeseen cost overruns, in accordance with the following requirements— (1) Contingency Fund amounts may only be reallocated if there is a risk to project completion resulting from unforeseen cost overruns; (2) Contingency Fund amounts may only be reallocated for cost of adjustments and changes within the original scope of effort for projects funded by the National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund; and (3) the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture must provide written notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate 30 days before taking any actions authorized by this subsection if the amount reallocated from the Contingency Fund line for a project is projected to be 10 percent or greater than the following, as applicable— (A) the amount allocated to that project in the table titled Allocation of Funds: National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund Fiscal Year 2024 in the report accompanying this Act; or (B) the initial estimate in the most recent report submitted, prior to enactment of this Act, to the Committees on Appropriations pursuant to section 431(e) of division G of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 ( Public Law 117–328 ). (d) (1) Concurrent with the annual budget submission of the President for fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall each submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate project data sheets for the projects in the Submission of Annual List of Projects to Congress required by section 200402(h) of title 54, United States Code: Provided, That the Submission of Annual List of Projects to Congress must include a Contingency Fund line for each agency within the allocations defined in subsection (e) of section 200402 of title 54, United States Code: Provided further, That in the event amounts allocated by this Act or any prior Act for the National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund are no longer needed to complete a specified project, such amounts may be reallocated in such submission to that agency’s Contingency Fund line: Provided further, That any proposals to change the scope of or terminate a previously approved project must be clearly identified in such submission. (2) (A) Concurrent with the annual budget submission of the President for fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall each submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a list of supplementary allocations for Federal land acquisition and Forest Legacy Projects at the National Park Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bureau of Land Management, and the U.S. Forest Service that are in addition to the Submission of Cost Estimates required by section 200303(c)(1) of title 54, United States Code, that are prioritized and detailed by account, program, and project, and that total no less than half the full amount allocated to each account for that land management Agency under the allocations submitted under section 200303(c)(1) of title 54, United States Code: Provided, That in the event amounts allocated by this Act or any prior Act pursuant to subsection (a) of section 200303 of title 54, United States Code are no longer needed because a project has been completed or can no longer be executed, such amounts must be clearly identified if proposed for reallocation in the annual budget submission. (B) The Federal land acquisition and Forest Legacy projects in the Submission of Cost Estimates required by section 200303(c)(1) of title 54, United States Code, and on the list of supplementary allocations required by subparagraph (A) shall be comprised only of projects for which a willing seller has been identified and for which an appraisal or market research has been initiated. (C) Concurrent with the annual budget submission of the President for fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall each submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate project data sheets in the same format and containing the same level of detailed information that is found on such sheets in the Budget Justifications annually submitted by the Department of the Interior with the President’s Budget for the projects in the Submission of Cost Estimates required by section 200303(c)(1) of title 54, United States Code, and in the same format and containing the same level of detailed information that is found on such sheets submitted to the Committees pursuant to section 427 of division D of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( Public Law 116–94 ) for the list of supplementary allocations required by subparagraph (A). (e) The Department of the Interior and the Department of Agriculture shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to subsection (a)(1) of this section and the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the Land and Water Conservation Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to subsection (a)(2) of this section, including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds, and, for amounts allocated pursuant to subsection (a)(1) of this section, National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund amounts reallocated pursuant to subsection (c) of this section. POLICIES RELATING TO BIOMASS ENERGY 430. To support the key role that forests in the United States can play in addressing the energy needs of the United States, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Agriculture, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall, consistent with their missions, jointly— (1) ensure that Federal policy relating to forest bioenergy— (A) is consistent across all Federal departments and agencies; and (B) recognizes the full benefits of the use of forest biomass for energy, conservation, and responsible forest management; and (2) establish clear and simple policies for the use of forest biomass as an energy solution, including policies that— (A) reflect the carbon neutrality of forest bioenergy and recognize biomass as a renewable energy source, provided the use of forest biomass for energy production does not cause conversion of forests to non-forest use; (B) encourage private investment throughout the forest biomass supply chain, including in— (i) working forests; (ii) harvesting operations; (iii) forest improvement operations; (iv) forest bioenergy production; (v) wood products manufacturing; or (vi) paper manufacturing; (C) encourage forest management to improve forest health; and (D) recognize State initiatives to produce and use forest biomass. SMALL REMOTE INCINERATORS 431. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to implement or enforce the regulation issued on March 21, 2011 at 40 CFR part 60 subparts CCCC and DDDD with respect to units in the State of Alaska that are defined as small, remote incinerator units in those regulations and, until a subsequent regulation is issued, the Administrator shall implement the law and regulations in effect prior to such date. TIMBER SALE REQUIREMENTS 432. No timber sale in Alaska’s Region 10 shall be advertised if the indicated rate is deficit (defined as the value of the timber is not sufficient to cover all logging and stumpage costs and provide a normal profit and risk allowance under the Forest Service’s appraisal process) when appraised using a residual value appraisal. The western red cedar timber from those sales which is surplus to the needs of the domestic processors in Alaska, shall be made available to domestic processors in the contiguous 48 United States at prevailing domestic prices. All additional western red cedar volume not sold to Alaska or contiguous 48 United States domestic processors may be exported to foreign markets at the election of the timber sale holder. All Alaska yellow cedar may be sold at prevailing export prices at the election of the timber sale holder. TRANSFER AUTHORITY TO FEDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION FOR THE NATIONAL PARKS AND PUBLIC LAND LEGACY RESTORATION FUND 433. Funds made available or allocated in this Act to the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture that are subject to the allocations and limitations in 54 U.S.C. 200402(e) and prohibitions in 54 U.S.C. 200402(f) may be further allocated or reallocated to the Federal Highway Administration for transportation projects of the covered agencies defined in 54 U.S.C. 200401(2) . PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS 434. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act may be used to promulgate or implement any regulation requiring the issuance of permits under title V of the Clean Air Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7661 et seq. ) for carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, water vapor, or methane emissions resulting from biological processes associated with livestock production. GREENHOUSE GAS REPORTING RESTRICTIONS 435. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to implement any provision in a rule, if that provision requires mandatory reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from manure management systems. FUNDING PROHIBITION 436. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to regulate the lead content of ammunition, ammunition components, or fishing tackle under the Toxic Substances Control Act ( 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. ) or any other law. ALASKA NATIVE REGIONAL HEALTH ENTITIES AUTHORIZATION EXTENSION 437. Section 424(a) of title IV of division G of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 ( Public Law 113–76 ) shall be applied by substituting October 1, 2024 for December 24, 2022 . RESCISSION OF GREENHOUSE GAS REDUCTION FUND 438. Of the unobligated balances of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for activities of the Environmental Protection Agency by subsection (a) of section 134 of the Clean Air Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7434(a) ), $7,765,000,000 are permanently rescinded. RESCISSION OF ENVIRONMENTAL AND CLIMATE JUSTICE GRANTS 439. Of the unobligated balances of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for activities of the Environmental Protection Agency by section 138(a) of the Clean Air Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7438(a) ), $1,353,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded. HUNTING, FISHING, AND RECREATIONAL SHOOTING ON FEDERAL LAND 440. (a) None of the funds made available by this or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to prohibit the use of or access to Federal land (as such term is defined in section 3 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 ( 16 U.S.C. 6502 )) for hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting if such use or access— (1) was not prohibited on such Federal land as of January 1, 2013; and (2) was conducted in compliance with the resource management plan (as defined in section 101 of such Act ( 16 U.S.C. 6511 )) applicable to such Federal land as of January 1, 2013. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture may temporarily close, for a period not to exceed 30 days, Federal land managed by the Secretary to hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting if the Secretary determines that the temporary closure is necessary to accommodate a special event or for public safety reasons. The Secretary may extend a temporary closure for one additional 90-day period only if the Secretary determines the extension is necessary because of extraordinary weather conditions or for public safety reasons. (c) Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the authority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of the several States to manage, control, or regulate fish and resident wildlife under State law or regulations. WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES 441. The rule submitted by the Department of the Army, Corps of Engineers, Department of Defense and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to “Revised Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’” (88 Fed. Reg. 3004 (January 18, 2023)) shall have no force or effect. LIMITATION 442. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated to enforce Public Land Order 7917 (88 Fed. Reg. 6308 (January 31, 2023)). MINERAL LEASES 443. Notwithstanding any other provision of law and not subject to further judicial review, not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act the Secretary of the Interior shall reinstate the hardrock mineral leases in the Superior National Forest in the State of Minnesota issued in 2019 and identified as MNES-01352 and MNES-01353. USE OF MINING CLAIMS FOR ANCILLARY ACTIVITIES 444. Section 10101 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 ( 30 U.S.C. 28f ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (e) Security of tenure (1) In general (A) In general A claimant shall have the right to use, occupy, and conduct operations on public land, with or without the discovery of a valuable mineral deposit, if— (i) such claimant makes a timely payment of the location fee required by section 10102 and the claim maintenance fee required by subsection (a); or (ii) in the case of a claimant who qualifies for a waiver under subsection (d), such claimant makes a timely payment of the location fee and complies with the required assessment work under the general mining laws. (B) Operations defined For the purposes of this paragraph, the term operations means— (i) any activity or work carried out in connection with prospecting, exploration, processing, discovery and assessment, development, or extraction with respect to a locatable mineral; (ii) the reclamation of any disturbed areas; and (iii) any other reasonably incident uses, whether on a mining claim or not, including the construction and maintenance of facilities, roads, transmission lines, pipelines, and any other necessary infrastructure or means of access on public land for support facilities. (2) Fulfillment of Federal Land Policy and Management Act A claimant that fulfills the requirements of this section and section 10102 shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of any provision of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act that requires the payment of fair market value to the United States for use of public lands and resources relating to use of such lands and resources authorized by the general mining laws. (3) Savings clause Nothing in this subsection may be construed to diminish the rights of entry, use, and occupancy, or any other right, of a claimant under the general mining laws. . CHARLES M. RUSSELL NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE 445. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to facilitate or allow for the introduction of American bison (Bison bison) on the Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge (as originally established in Executive Order No. 7509, renamed in Public Land Order 2951, and redesignated in Public Land Order 5635). COTTONWOOD 446. No later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall issue the final rule entitled Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Regulations for Interagency Cooperation (86 Fed. Reg. 2373 (January 12, 2021)). SOCIAL COST OF CARBON 447. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to consider or incorporate the social cost of carbon— (1) as part of any cost-benefit analysis required or performed pursuant to— (A) any law; (B) Executive Order No. 13990 (86 Fed. Reg. 7037; relating to protecting public health and the environment and restoring science to tackle the climate crisis); (C) Executive Order No. 14094 (88 Fed. Reg. 21879; relating to modernizing regulatory review); (D) the Presidential Memorandum entitled Modernizing Regulatory Review issued by the President on January 20, 2021; (E) any revisions to Office of Management and Budget Circular A-4 proposed or finalized under Executive Order No. 14094; or (F) “Technical Support Document: Social Cost of Carbon, Methane, and Nitrous Oxide Interim Estimates under Executive Order 13990,” published under the Interagency Working Group on the Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, in February of 2021; (2) in any rulemaking; (3) in the issuance of any guidance; (4) in taking any other agency action; or (5) as a justification for any rulemaking, guidance document, or agency action. LESSER PRAIRIE-CHICKEN 448. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Lesser Prairie-Chicken; Threatened Status With Section 4(d) Rule for the Northern Distinct Population Segment and Endangered Status for the Southern Distinct Population Segment’’ (87 Fed. Reg. 72674 (November 25, 2022)). ECOGRIEF 449. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended to carry out the program for Federal employees at the Department of the Interior entitled “Acknowledging Ecogrief and Developing Resistance” or any counseling sessions, workshop, or any other meeting pertaining to ecological grief, ecogrief, or eco-resilience. NORTH CASCADES ECOSYSTEM GRIZZLY BEAR 450. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to prepare an environmental impact statement for, or to implement, administer, or enforce, the North Cascades Ecosystem Grizzly Bear Restoration Plan (87 Fed. Reg. 68190). WATER RIGHTS 451. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be obligated to require or request, as a condition of the issuance, renewal, or extension of any Forest Service or Bureau of Land Management permit, lease, allotment, easement, or other land use and occupancy, arrangement, the transfer, or relinquishment of any water right, in whole, or in part, granted under State law. GRAY WOLF 452. Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule entitled “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing the Gray Wolf (Canis lupus) From the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife” (85 Fed. Reg. 69778 (November 3, 2020)). COST RECOVERY 453. (a) Any regulation promulgated by the Secretary of the Interior to establish fees to recover the costs of processing an application for a special recreation permit or monitoring an authorization under a special recreation permit for competitive or organized group or event use shall include an exemption providing that fee may not be recovered for not less than the first 100 hours of work necessary in any 1 year to process the application or monitor the authorization. (b) Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of the Interior shall revise section 2932.31(e) of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations, to be consistent with subsection (a) of this section. EXECUTIVE ORDER FUNDING PROHIBITION 454. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order No. 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009, relating to advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government), Executive Order No. 14035 of June 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34593, relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility in the Federal workforce), or Executive Order No. 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825, relating to further advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government). LIMITATION 455. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any program, project, or activity that promotes or advances Critical Race Theory or any concept associated with Critical Race Theory. WUHAN INSTITUTE LIMITATION 456. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to support, directly or indirectly, the Wuhan Institute of Virology, or any laboratory owned or controlled by the governments of the People’s Republic of China, the Republic of Cuba, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela under the regime of Nicolás Maduro Moros, or any other country determined by the Secretary of State to be a foreign adversary. NORTHERN LONG-EARED BAT 457. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement the final rule “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Northern Long-Eared Bat” (87 Fed. Reg. 73488 (November 30, 2020)). EXEMPTION TO COASTAL BARRIER RESTRICTIONS FOR SHORELINE BORROW SOURCES 458. Section 6 of the Coastal Barrier Resources Act ( 16 U.S.C. 3505 ) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (e) Borrow source Section 5 shall not apply to Federal expenditures or financial assistance for the use of a borrow source located within the System if such borrow source, or a portion thereof, has been used as a borrow source by a coastal storm risk management project at least once prior to December 31, 2008. . SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION 459. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be obligated for the planning, design, or construction of the National Museum of the American Latino or the operation of the Molina Family Latino Gallery. GAO ANALYSIS 460. Notwithstanding any provision of law, none of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended for the purpose of pre-leasing, leasing, or the conveyance of leases for onshore wind energy activities in Idaho, unless or until the Comptroller General of the United States completes a report identifying potential adverse effects of wind energy development including with respect to, wildlife, cultural resources, transportation, hunting, wetlands and the connected surface and ground waters. PESTICIDES 461. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended to issue or adopt any guidance or any policy, take any regulatory action, or approve any labeling or change to such labeling that is inconsistent with or in any respect different from the conclusion of— (a) a human health assessment performed pursuant to the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act ( 7 U.S.C. 136 et seq. ); or (b) a carcinogenicity classification for a pesticide. STEAM RULE 462. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be obligated to finalize, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled “Supplemental Effluent Limitations Guidelines and Standards for the Steam Electric Power Generating Point Source Category” published on March 29, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 18824). WAIVER 463. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to approve a waiver submitted to the Environmental Protection Agency by the State of California, pursuant to section 209(e) of the Clean Air Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7543(e) ), for the State of California’s amendments to its rule titled “Small Off-Road Engine Regulations: Transition to Zero Emissions”. 5-YEAR PLAN 464. Section 18 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1344 ) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking subsections (c) and (d) of this section, shall prepare and periodically revise, and inserting this section, shall issue every five years ; (B) by adding at the end the following: (5) Each five-year program shall include at least two Gulf of Mexico region-wide lease sales per year. . (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting domestic energy security, after between ; (2) by redesignating subsections (f) through (i) as subsections (h) through (k), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the following: (f) Five-Year Program for 2023–2028.—The Secretary shall issue the five-year oil and gas leasing program for 2023 through 2028 and issue the Record of Decision on the Final Programmatic Environmental Impact Statement by not later than 60 days of enactment of this Act. (g) Subsequent Leasing Programs.— (1) In General.—Not later than 36 months after conducting the first lease sale under an oil and gas leasing program prepared pursuant to this section, the Secretary shall begin preparing the subsequent oil and gas leasing program under this section. (2) Requirement.—Each subsequent oil and gas leasing program under this section shall be approved by not later than 180 days before the expiration of the previous oil and gas leasing program. . TRANSPARENCY 465. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue and implement Order No. 3368 Promoting Transparency and Accountability in Consent Decrees and Settlement Agreements dated September 11, 2018. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act shall be available to rescind the Order reissued under subsection (a), reissue, enforce, administer, or implement Order No. 3408 Rescission of Secretary’s Order 3368 dated June 17, 2022, or to issue, enforce, administer, or implement any substantially similar order. LIMITATION 466. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce Public Land Order No. 7921 (relating to the withdrawal of public land for satellite calibration in Railroad Valley; Nye County, Nevada), published by the Bureau of Land Management in the Federal Register on April 27, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 25682). OZONE 467. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be made available to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Federal ‘Good Neighbor Plan’ for the 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards” published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on June 5, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 36654). OFFSHORE WIND 468. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended for the purpose of pre-leasing, leasing, or the conveyance of leases for offshore wind energy activity in the Florida administrative boundary until the Comptroller General of the United States submits, to the appropriate Congressional Committees, a study regarding the potential impact of offshore wind development and associated infrastructure in the Florida administrative boundary on military readiness and training, marine environment and ecology, tourism, and other uses of the Outer Continental Shelf. (b) In this section, the term administrative boundary means the offshore administrative boundary for a State depicted in Federal Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) Administrative Boundaries Extending from the Submerged Lands Act Boundary seaward to the Limit of the United States Outer Continental Shelf published January 3, 2006 (71 Fed. Reg. 127). (c) In this section, the term “appropriate Congressional Committees” means the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. RECORD OF DECISION 469. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than September 30, 2024, the Secretary of the Interior shall issue a new Record of Decision for the Caldwell Canyon Mine project that addresses the deficiencies identified by the United States District Court for the District of Idaho in its decisions and orders issued in Center for Biological Diversity, et al. v. United States Bureau of Land Management, et al. (Case Number 4:21-CV-00182-BLW) on January 24, 2023, and June 2, 2023. EPA OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 470. Beginning on October 1, 2023, of the amounts made available to the Environmental Protection Agency under each of sections 60101, 60102, 60104, 60105, 60106, 60107, 60108, 60109, 60110, 60111, 60112, 60113, 60115, 60116, and 60201 of Public Law 117–169 , two-tenths of one percent of such amounts shall be transferred to the Office of the Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency for oversight of funding provided to the Environmental Protection Agency by such Public Law: Provided, That amounts so transferred shall be derived from the unobligated balances of amounts under each such section. GRAND STAIRCASE-ESCALANTE NATIONAL MONUMENT 471. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for management of the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument except in compliance with the Record of Decision and Approved Resource Management Plans for the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument, dated February 2020. OFFSHORE OIL AND GAS LEASING 472. (a) The Secretary of the Interior shall conduct all lease sales described in the 2017–2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Proposed Final Program (November 2016) that have not been conducted as of the date of the enactment of this Act by not later than September 30, 2024. (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and except within areas subject to existing oil and gas leasing moratoria beginning in fiscal year 2024, the Secretary of the Interior shall annually conduct a minimum of 2 region-wide oil and gas lease sales in the following planning areas of the Gulf of Mexico region, as described in the 2017–2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Proposed Final Program (November 2016): (1) The Central Gulf of Mexico Planning Area. (2) The Western Gulf of Mexico Planning Area. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, beginning in fiscal year 2024, the Secretary of the Interior shall annually conduct a minimum of 2 region-wide oil and gas lease sales in the Alaska region of the Outer Continental Shelf, as described in the 2017–2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Proposed Final Program (November 2016). (d) In conducting lease sales under subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary of the Interior shall— (1) issue such leases in accordance with the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1332 et seq. ); and (2) include in each such lease sale all unleased areas that are not subject to a moratorium as of the date of the lease sale. ONSHORE OIL AND GAS LEASING 473. (a) (1) The Secretary of the Interior shall immediately resume quarterly onshore oil and gas lease sales in compliance with the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 181 et seq. ). (2) The Secretary of the Interior shall ensure— (A) that any oil and gas lease sale pursuant to paragraph (1) is conducted immediately on completion of all applicable scoping, public comment, and environmental analysis requirements under the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 181 et seq. ) and the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 ( 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq. ); and (B) that the processes described in subparagraph (A) are conducted in a timely manner to ensure compliance with subsection (b)(1). (3) Section 17(b)(1)(A) of the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 226(b)(1)(A) ) is amended by inserting “Eligible lands comprise all lands subject to leasing under this Act and not excluded from leasing by a statutory or regulatory prohibition. Available lands are those lands that have been designated as open for leasing under a land use plan developed under section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 and that have been nominated for leasing through the submission of an expression of interest, are subject to drainage in the absence of leasing, or are otherwise designated as available pursuant to regulations adopted by the Secretary.” after “sales are necessary.”. (b) (1) In accordance with the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 181 et seq. ), each fiscal year, the Secretary of the Interior shall conduct a minimum of four oil and gas lease sales in each of the following States: (A) Wyoming. (B) New Mexico. (C) Colorado. (D) Utah. (E) Montana. (F) North Dakota. (G) Oklahoma. (H) Nevada. (I) Alaska. (J) Any other State in which there is land available for oil and gas leasing under the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 181 et seq. ) or any other mineral leasing law. (2) In conducting a lease sale under paragraph (1) in a State described in that paragraph, the Secretary of the Interior shall offer all parcels nominated and eligible pursuant to the requirements of the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 181 et seq. ) for oil and gas exploration, development, and production under the resource management plan in effect for the State. (3) The Secretary of the Interior shall conduct a replacement sale during the same fiscal year if— (A) a lease sale under paragraph (1) is canceled, delayed, or deferred, including for a lack of eligible parcels; or (B) during a lease sale under paragraph (1) the percentage of acreage that does not receive a bid is equal to or greater than 25 percent of the acreage offered. (4) Not later than 30 days after a sale required under this subsection is canceled, delayed, deferred, or otherwise missed the Secretary of the Interior shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that states what sale was missed and why it was missed. RESCISSION OF COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY FUNDS 474. Of the unobligated balances of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for activities of the Council on Environmental Quality under sections 60401 and 60402 of Public Law 117–169 (commonly known as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ) as of the date of the enactment of this Act are rescinded. RESCISSION OF DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR FUNDS 475. Of the unobligated balances of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available under section 50224 of Public Law 117–169 (commonly known as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ) as of the date of the enactment of this Act are rescinded. OFFICIAL FLAGS 476. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to fly or display a flag over a facility of a Department or agency funded by this Act other than the flag of the United States; the flag of a State, insular area, or the District of Columbia; the flag of a Federally recognized Tribal entity; the official flag of the Secretary of the Interior; the official flag of a U.S. Department or agency; or the POW/MIA flag. EFFECT ON OTHER LAW 477. Nothing in this Act, or any amendments made by this Act, shall affect— (a) the Presidential memorandum titled “Memorandum on Withdrawal of Certain Areas of the United States Outer Continental Shelf From Leasing Disposition” and dated September 8, 2020; (b) the Presidential memorandum titled “Memorandum on Withdrawal of Certain Areas of the United States Outer Continental Shelf From Leasing Disposition” and dated September 25, 2020; (c) the Presidential memorandum titled “Memorandum on Withdrawal of Certain Areas off the Atlantic Coast on the Outer Continental Shelf From Leasing Disposition” and dated December 20, 2016; or (d) the ban on oil and gas development in the Great Lakes described in section 386 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ( 42 U.S.C. 15941 ). VEHICLE RESERVATION SYSTEM AT GLACIER NATIONAL PARK 478. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the operation or implementation of the vehicle reservation system at Glacier National Park. PROHIBITION ON FUNDING FOR SECRETARIAL ORDER NO. 3410 479. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to implement or execute Secretarial Order No. 3410 (regarding Restoration of American Bison and the Prairie Grasslands) or any appendix to that Order, dated March 3, 2023. LIMITATION 480. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, or enforce the proposed rule titled National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants: Coal- and Oil-Fired Electric Utility Steam Generating Units Review of the Residual Risk and Technology Review and published April 24, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 24854). LEAD AMMUNITION AND TACKLE 481. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to prohibit the use of lead ammunition or tackle on Federal land or water that is made available for hunting or fishing activities or to issue regulations relating to the level of lead in ammunition or tackle to be used on Federal land or water, unless— (1) the Secretary of the Interior determines that a decline in wildlife population on the specific unit of Federal land or water is primarily caused by the use of lead in ammunition or tackle, based on field data from the specific unit of Federal land or water; and (2) the prohibition or regulation, as applicable, is— (A) consistent with— (i) the law of the State in which the specific unit of Federal land or water is located; or (ii) an applicable policy of the fish and wildlife department of the State in which the specific unit of Federal land or water is located; or (B) approved by the fish and wildlife department of the State in which the specific unit of Federal land or water is located. (b) In any case in which the Secretary of the Interior determines under subsection (a) that there is a wildlife population decline on a specific unit of Federal land or water that warrants a prohibition on or regulation relating to the level of lead in ammunition or tackle, the Secretary shall include in a Federal Register notice an explanation of how the prohibition or regulation, as applicable, meets the requirements of this section. LIMITATION 482. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled New Source Performance Standards for Greenhouse Gas Emissions From New, Modified, and Reconstructed Fossil Fuel-Fired Electric Generating Units; Emission Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emissions From Existing Fossil Fuel-Fired Electric Generating Units; and Repeal of the Affordable Clean Energy Rule published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on May 23, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 33240). LIMITATION 483. (a) In general Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) Discriminatory action defined As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 50l(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) Accreditation; Licensure; Certification The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). LIMITATION 484. None of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Smithsonian Institution by this Act may be made available for partnerships or activities associated with the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Offices, including any use of facilities by the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Offices. LIMITATION 485. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants: Ethylene Oxide Emissions Standards for Sterilization Facilities Residual Risk and Technology Review published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on April 13, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 22790) or the proposed interim registration review decision and draft risk assessment addendum for ethylene oxide described in the notice titled Pesticide Registration Review; Proposed Interim Decision and Draft Risk Assessment Addendum for Ethylene Oxide; Notice of Availability published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on April 13, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 22447) unless the Commissioner of Food and Drugs certifies that finalization, implementation, administration, or enforcement of such rule, decision, or addendum for ethylene oxide will not adversely impact the availability of sterile medical products in the United States. LIMITATION 486. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement a final rule listing the Dunes Sagebrush Lizard as endangered or threatened pursuant to Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for the Dunes Sagebrush Lizard (88 Fed. Reg. 42661 (July 3, 2023)). LIMITATION 487. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the decisions proposed in the notice titled Pesticide Registration Review; Proposed Interim Decisions for the Rodenticides; Notice of Availability published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on November 29, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 73297). LIMITATION 488. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled Multi-Pollutant Emissions Standards for Model Years 2027 and Later Light-Duty and Medium-Duty Vehicles and published May 5, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 29184), or any substantially similar rule. LIMITATION 489. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards for Heavy-Duty Vehicles-Phase 3 and published April 27, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 25926), or any substantially similar rule. FUNDING LIMITATION REGARDING BLM RULE 490. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to— (1) develop, finalize, or issue a final rule with respect to the proposed rule entitled Conservation and Landscape Health published by the Bureau of Land Management in the Federal Register on April 3, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 19583); or (2) implement, administer, or enforce such proposed rule or any substantially similar rule. GREATER YELLOWSTONE ECOSYSTEM GRIZZLY BEAR 491. (a) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule entitled Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem Population of Grizzly Bears From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife (82 Fed. Reg. 30502 (June 30, 2017)), without regard to any other provision of law that applies to the issuance of that final rule. (b) The reissuance of the final rule described in subsection (a) (including this section) shall not be subject to judicial review. BIG CYPRESS NATIONAL PRESERVE 492. The Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service, shall prepare an environmental impact statement under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 ( 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq. ), prior to approving an operations permit, as described in 36 Code of Federal Regulations, subpart B §§9.80 through 9.90, for the purpose of conducting or proposing to conduct non-federal oil or gas operations within the Big Cypress National Preserve. 493. For “ United States Geological Survey ” to implement the Saline Lake Ecosystems in the Great Basin States Assessment and Monitoring Program, there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for “ Departmental Offices — Office of the Secretary — departmental operations - (including transfer of funds) ” is hereby reduced by, $5,000,000. 494. (a) For Department of the Interior—Office of the Secretary—Departmental Operations - (including transfer of funds) for carrying out section 4 of the Modernizing Access to Our Public Land Act ( Public Law 117–114 ), there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided for by this Act for Department of the Interior—Office of the Secretary—Departmental Operations - (including transfer of funds) is hereby reduced by, $5,500,000. (b) For Department of Agriculture—Forest Service—Forest Service Operations - (including transfer of funds) for carrying out section 4 of the Modernizing Access to Our Public Land Act ( Public Law 117–114 ), there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided for by this Act for Department of the Interior—Office of the Secretary—Departmental Operations - (including transfer of funds) is hereby reduced by, $5,500,000. 495. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Park Service to place any limitation on the number of air tours at national parks. 496. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to promulgate new rules that the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of the Office of Management and Budget finds has resulted in or is likely to result in— (1) an annual effect on the economy of $100,000,000 or more; (2) a major increase in costs or prices for consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, or local government agencies, or geographic regions; or (3) significant adverse effects on competition, employment, investment, productivity, innovation, or the ability of United States-based enterprises to compete with foreign-based enterprises in domestic and export markets. 497. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the Draft Resource Management Plan and Environmental Impact Statement for the Rock Springs RMP Revision, Wyoming, referred to in the notice of availability titled Notice of Availability of the Draft Resource Management Plan and Environmental Impact Statement for the Rock Springs RMP Revision, Wyoming published by the Bureau of Land Management on August 18, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 56654). 498. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the establishment or modification of a national monument in Colusa County, California, under chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (commonly referred to as the “Antiquities Act of 1906”). 499. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Park Service to enact the terms of NPS Lease#L-GATE912-2023, as executed on September 15, 2023. SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT 500. $0 (increased by $28,000,000) (increased by $15,000). SALINA MUCKET AND MEXICAN FAWNSFOOT 501. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Salina Mucket and Mexican Fawnsfoot and Designation of Critical Habitat (88 Fed. Reg. 47952; published July 25, 2023). 502. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the establishment of a national monument in Malheur County, Oregon, under chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Antiquities Act of 1906 ). PROHIBITION ON FINALIZATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS 503. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the Draft Resource Management Plan or Draft Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement referenced in the Notice titled Notice of Availability of the Draft Resource Management Plan and Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement for the Colorado River Valley Field Office and Grand Junction Field Office Resource Management Plans, Colorado (88 Fed. Reg. 51855; published August 4, 2023). PROHIBITION ON FINALIZATION OF PROPOSED RULE 504. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled Fluid Mineral Leases and Leasing Process (88 Fed. Reg. 47562; published July 24, 2023). 505. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the Bicycle Subsidy Benefit Program of the Department of the Interior. PROHIBITION ON FINALIZATION OF CERTAIN PROPOSED RULES 506. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce— (1) the proposed rule titled Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Revision of Regulations for Interagency Cooperation (88 Fed. Reg. 40753; published June 22, 2023); (2) the proposed rule titled Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Listing Endangered and Threatened Species and Designating Critical Habitat (88 Fed. Reg. 40764; published June 22, 2023); or (3) the proposed rule titled Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Regulations Pertaining to Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants (88 Fed. Reg. 40742; published June 22, 2023). 507. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or enforce the final rule of the Environmental Protection Agency titled Endangerment and Cause or Contribute Findings for Greenhouse Gases Under Section 202(a) of the Clean Air Act and published December 15, 2009 (74 Fed. Reg. 66496). 508. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement Executive Order No. 14057 (relating to Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs Through Federal Sustainability) (86 Fed. Reg. 70935; Dec. 8, 2021). 509. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to finalize any rule or regulation that meets the definition of section 804(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code. 510. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the cancellation or suspension of oil and gas leases in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge or the National Petroleum Reserve in Alaska. 511. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled Management and Protection of the National Petroleum Reserve in Alaska and published September 8, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 62025). NORTH ATLANTIC RIGHT WHALE 512. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled Amendments to the North Atlantic Right Whale Vessel Strike Reduction Rule (87 Fed. Reg. 46921; published August 1, 2022). 513. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to reduce the number of oil and gas leases issued by the Secretary of the Interior. 514. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency for community-scale ambient air monitoring. CRAB ISLAND AREA COMMERCIAL SERVICES STRATEGY 515. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize or implement a Commercial Services Strategy for the Crab Island Area of the Gulf Islands National Seashore. 516. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce Presidential Proclamation 10606 of August 8, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 55331, relating to the establishment of the Baaj Nwaavjo I’tah Kukveni–Ancestral Footprints of the Grand Canyon National Monument). RICE’S WHALE 517. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Director of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management or the Director of the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement to implement the terms of the Stipulated Agreement to Stay Proceedings (July 21, 2023; Docket No. 8:20-cv-03060-DLB) entered into by the Sierra Club, Center for Biological Diversity, Friends of the Earth, and Turtle Island Restoration Network and the National Marine Fisheries Service and the Assistant Administrator for Fisheries of the National Marine Fisheries Service, including the Notice to Lessees and Operators of Federal Oil and Gas, and Sulphur Leases in the Gulf of Mexico Outer Continental Shelf; Expanded Rice’s Whale Protection Efforts During Reinitiated Consultation with NMFS (BOEM NTL No. 2023-G01; August 17, 2023). 518. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to develop, finalize, issue, or use assessments under the Integrated Risk Information System (IRIS). 519. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, revise, implement, administer, or enforce the notice of interim guidance entitled National Environmental Policy Act Guidance on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Climate Change published by the Council on Environmental Quality in the Federal Register on January 9, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 1196). 520. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or enforce the final rule of the Environmental Protection Agency, titled Clean Water Act Section 401 Water Quality Certification Improvement Rule , and published on September 27, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 66558). TEXAS KANGAROO RAT 521. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Texas Kangaroo Rat and Designation of Critical Habitat (88 Fed. Reg. 55962; published August 17, 2023). 522. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the Draft Resource Management Plan or Draft Environmental Impact Statement referenced in the notice titled Notice of Availability of the Draft Resource Management Plan and Environmental Impact Statement for the Redding and Arcata Field Offices and an Associated Environmental Impact Statement, California (88 Fed. Reg. 67344; published September 29, 2023). 523. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Solar For All competition of the Environmental Protection Agency. 524. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the shooting of cattle in the Gila National Forest or any other National Forest. 525. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the American Climate Corps. 526. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or enforce the final rule titled Control of Air Pollution From New Motor Vehicles: Heavy-Duty Engine and Vehicle Standards published in the Federal Register by the Environmental Protection Agency on January 24, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 4296). 527. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Interagency Working Group on the Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases. 528. None of the funds made available by this Act made be used to fund the Justice, Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Workgroup of the Environmental Protection Agency. 529. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency for the U.S. Global Change Research Program (USGCRP). 530. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce any COVID–19 mask mandates. 531. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out section 216 of Executive Order No. 14008 (86 Fed. Reg. 7627, relating to tackling the climate crisis at home and abroad). 532. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used finalize, implement, or enforce the proposed rule titled Reconsideration of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Particulate Matter and published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on January 27, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 5558). 533. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order No. 14037 of August 5, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 43583; relating to strengthening American leadership in clean cars and trucks), Executive Order No. 14057 of December 8, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 70935; relating to catalyzing clean energy industries and jobs through Federal sustainability), or Executive Order No. 14096 of April 21, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 25251; relating to revitalizing our Nation’s commitment to environmental justice for all). 534. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Environmental Financial Advisory Board of the Environmental Protection Agency. DOMESTIC MINING 535. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce any recommendation of the Interagency Working Group on Mining Regulations, Laws, and Permitting of the Department of the Interior contained in the report titled Recommendations to Improve Mining on Public Lands (published September 12, 2023). 536. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to carry out the powers granted under section 3063 of title 18, United States Code. 537. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to give formal notification under, or prepare, propose, implement, administer, or enforce any rule or recommendation pursuant to, section 115 of the Clean Air Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7415 ). 538. The amount otherwise made available by this Act for Environmental Protection Agency–Environmental Programs and Management for the Office of Air and Radiation is hereby reduced by 50 percent. 539. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out any plastic straw prohibitions. 540. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used implement or enforce the final rule of the Council on Environmental Quality titled National Environmental Policy Act Implementing Regulations Revisions and published April 20, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 23453). 541. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, or enforce the proposed rule of the Council on Environmental Quality titled National Environmental Policy Act Implementing Regulations Revisions Phase 2 and published July 31, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 49924). OCEAN JUSTICE STRATEGY 542. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to develop, finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the Ocean Justice Strategy referenced in the Notice titled Ocean Justice Strategy (88 Fed. Reg. 37518; published June 8, 2023). MINERAL LEASING ACT MODERNIZATION 543. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce section 50262 of Public Law 117–169 (commonly known as the Inflation Reduction Act ). 544. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for environmental justice activities. 545. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to implement any of the following executive orders: (1) Executive Order No. 13990, relating to Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science To Tackle the Climate Crisis. (2) Executive Order No. 14008, relating to Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad. (3) Section 6 of Executive Order No. 14013, relating to Rebuilding and Enhancing Programs To Resettle Refugees and Planning for the Impact of Climate Change on Migration. (4) Executive Order No. 14030, relating to Climate-Related Financial Risk. (5) Executive Order No. 14057, relating to Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs Through Federal Sustainability. (6) Executive Order No. 14082, relating to Implementation of the Energy and Infrastructure Provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. (7) Executive Order No. 14096, relating to Revitalizing Our Nation's Commitment to Environmental Justice for All. This Act may be cited as the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2024 . Passed the House of Representatives November 3, 2023. Kevin F. McCumber, Clerk. November 7, 2023 Received; read twice and placed on the calendar

118 HR 5 IH: Parents Bill of Rights Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-03-01 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 5 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 1, 2023 Ms. Letlow (for herself, Mr. Scalise , Mr. Emmer , Ms. Stefanik , Mr. Johnson of Louisiana , Mr. Hudson , Ms. Foxx , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Fitzgerald , Mr. Wilson of South Carolina , Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania , Mr. Grothman , Mr. Allen , Mr. Banks , Mr. Smucker , Mr. Owens , Mrs. Steel , Mr. Bean of Florida , Mr. Williams of New York , Mrs. Houchin , Mr. Reschenthaler , Mr. Moolenaar , Mr. Newhouse , Mrs. Miller-Meeks , Mr. Buchanan , Mr. Higgins of Louisiana , Mr. Finstad , Ms. Tenney , Mr. DesJarlais , Mr. Fallon , Mr. Kelly of Pennsylvania , Mr. Edwards , Mr. Tiffany , Mr. Carl , Mr. Calvert , Mr. Valadao , Mrs. Hinson , Mr. Norman , Mr. Bost , Mr. Meuser , Mr. Waltz , Mr. Kustoff , Mr. Mike Garcia of California , Mr. Guthrie , Ms. Mace , Mr. Steil , Mr. Wenstrup , Mr. Rutherford , Mr. Graves of Louisiana , Mrs. Rodgers of Washington , Mr. Duncan , Mr. Miller of Ohio , Mr. McClintock , Mr. Crenshaw , Mr. Mooney , Mr. Gooden of Texas , Mr. Gimenez , Mrs. Harshbarger , Mr. Guest , Mr. Tony Gonzales of Texas , Mr. Huizenga , Mrs. Luna , Mr. Balderson , Mr. Wittman , Mr. Rouzer , Mr. Crawford , Mr. Ezell , Mr. Carey , Mrs. Cammack , Mr. Zinke , Mr. McCaul , Mr. Joyce of Pennsylvania , and Mr. Hern ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce A BILL To ensure the rights of parents are honored and protected in the Nation’s public schools. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Parents Bill of Rights Act . I Amendments to the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 101. State plan assurances Section 1111(g)(2) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 6311(g)(2) ) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (M), by striking and at the end; (2) in subparagraph (N), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (O) the State will ensure that each local educational agency in the State— (i) in a case in which the curriculum for an elementary or secondary school grade level is freely and publicly available on the internet— (I) posts on a publicly accessible website of the agency, such curriculum; or (II) if such agency does not operate a website, widely disseminates to the public such curriculum; or (ii) in a case in which the curriculum for an elementary or secondary school grade level is not freely and publicly available on the internet— (I) posts on a publicly accessible website of the agency— (aa) a description of such curriculum; and (bb) information on how parents can review such curriculum as described in section 1112(e)(1)(A); or (II) if such agency does not operate a website, widely disseminates to the public the description and information described in items (aa) and (bb) of subclause (I); and (P) in the case of any revisions to the State’s challenging State academic standards (including any revisions to the levels of achievement within the State’s academic achievement standards), the State educational agency will post to the homepage of its website, and widely disseminate to the public, notice of such revisions and a copy of such revisions, except that the State educational agency shall not be required to submit such notice or such revisions to the Secretary. . 102. Annual local educational agency report cards Section 1111(h)(2) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 6311(h)(2) ) is amended by inserting at the end the following new subparagraph: (E) Budget Each local educational agency report card shall include the budget for the school year for which such report card is being prepared (including all revenues and expenditures (including expenditures made to private entities)) for the local educational agency as a whole, and for each elementary school and secondary school served by the local educational agency. . 103. Local educational agency plan assurances Section 1112(c) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 6312(c) ) is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking and at the end; (2) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (8) meet the requirements described in section 1111(g)(2)(O); and (9) post on a publicly accessible website of the local educational agency or, if the local educational agency does not operate a website, widely disseminate to the public, the plan for carrying out the parent and family engagement described in section 1116 and all policies and procedures that result from such engagement. . 104. Parents right-to-know Section 1112(e) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 6312(e) ) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (6), respectively; (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), the following: (1) Notice of rights A local educational agency receiving funds under this part shall ensure that each elementary school and secondary school served by such agency posts on a publicly accessible website of the school or, if the school does not operate a website, widely disseminates to the public, a summary notice of the right of parents to information about their children’s education as required under this Act, which shall be in an understandable format for parents and include, at minimum— (A) the right to review the curriculum of their child’s school; (B) the right to know if the State alters the State’s challenging State academic standards; (C) the right to meet with each teacher of their child not less than twice during each school year in accordance with paragraph (5)(A); (D) the right to review the budget, including all revenues and expenditures, of their child’s school; (E) the right to a list of the books and other reading materials contained in the library of their child’s school; (F) the right to address the school board of the local educational agency; (G) the right to information about violent activity in their child’s school; and (H) the right to information about any plans to eliminate gifted and talented programs in the child’s school. ; (3) in paragraph (2)(B) (as redesignated by paragraph (1))— (A) by redesignating clause (i) and clause (ii) as subclause (I) and subclause (II), respectively; (B) by striking (B) Additional Information.— and inserting: (B) Additional information (i) In general ; and (C) by adding at the end the following: (ii) School library A local educational agency receiving funds under this part shall ensure that each elementary school and secondary school served by such agency provides, at the beginning of each school year, the parents of a child who is a student in such school a list of books and other reading materials available to the students of such school in the school library. (iii) Violent activity A local educational agency receiving funds under this part shall ensure that each elementary school and secondary school served by such agency provides the parents of a child who is a student in such school timely notification of any violent activity occurring on school grounds or at school-sponsored activities in which one or more individuals suffer injuries, except that such notification shall not contain names or the grade level of any students involved in the activity. (iv) Gifted and talented programs A local educational agency receiving funds under this part shall ensure that each elementary school and secondary school served by such agency provides the parents of a child who is a student in such school timely notification of any plan to eliminate gifted and talented programs in such school. ; and (4) by inserting after paragraph (4) (as redesignated by paragraph (1)) the following: (5) Transparency A local educational agency receiving funds under this part shall provide the parents of a child who is a student in an elementary school or secondary school served by such agency— (A) (i) the opportunity to meet in-person with each teacher of such child not less than twice during each school year; and (ii) a notification, at the beginning of each school year, of the opportunity for such meetings; and (B) the opportunity to address the school board of such local educational agency on issues impacting the education of children in such agency. . 105. Sense of Congress on First Amendment rights Title VIII of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq. ) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 8549C as section 8549D; and (2) by inserting after section 8549B the following new section: 8549C. Sense of Congress on First Amendment rights (a) Findings Congress finds the following: (1) Parents have a First Amendment right to express their opinions on decisions made by State and local education leaders. (2) States and local educational agencies should empower parents to communicate regularly with Federal, State, and local policymakers and educators regarding the education and well-being of their children. (3) Transparent and cooperative relationships between parents and schools have significant and long-lasting positive effects on the development of children. (4) Parents’ concerns over content and pedagogy deserve to be heard and fully considered by school professionals. (5) Parent and other community input about schools that is presented in a lawful and appropriate manner should always be encouraged. (6) Educators, policymakers, and other stakeholders should never seek to criminalize the lawfully expressed concerns of parents about their children’s education. (b) Sense of congress It is the sense of Congress that the First Amendment guarantees parents and other stakeholders the right to assemble and express their opinions on decisions affecting their children and communities, and that educators and policymakers should welcome and encourage that engagement and consider that feedback when making decisions. . II Amendments to FERPA and PPRA 201. Amendments to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (a) Enforcement Section 444(f) of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1232g ) (also known as the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 ) ( 20 U.S.C. 1232g(f) ) is amended by adding at the end the following: The Secretary shall comply with the reporting requirement under section 445(e)(2)(C)(ii) with respect to the enforcement actions taken under this subsection to ensure compliance with this section. . (b) Prohibition on educational agencies or institutions acting as an agent of a parent Section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1232g ) (also known as the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (k) Prohibition on educational agencies or institutions acting as agent of a parent An educational agency or institution may not act as the agent of a parent of a student in attendance at a school of such agency or at such institution for purposes of providing verifiable parental consent for the use of technology in the classroom for purposes of educating the student without providing notice and an opportunity for the parent to object to the use of such technology. . (c) Prohibition on sale of information for commercial purposes Section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1232g ) (also known as the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 ), as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: (l) Prohibition on sale of information for commercial purposes (1) In general Except as provided in paragraph (2), no educational agency or institution or authorized representative of such agency or institution may sell student information for commercial or financial gain. (2) Exceptions The prohibition described in paragraph (1) shall not apply to products sold to students by or on behalf of the educational agency or institution, such as yearbooks, prom tickets, and school pictures. . (d) Parental consultation Section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1232g ) (also known as the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 ), as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: (m) Parental consultation In developing a privacy policy or procedure, an educational agency or institution shall engage meaningfully with parents of students in attendance at the schools served by such agency or institution. . (e) Disclosure of information Section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1232g ) (also known as the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 ), as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: (n) Disclosure of information An educational agency or institution or authorized representative of such agency or institution shall, upon request from a parent of a student, disclose to such parent the identity of any individual or entity with whom information is shared from the education record of the student or any response of the student to a survey. . 202. Protection of pupil rights (a) Availability for inspection by parents or guardians Section 445(a) of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1232h(a) ) is amended to read as follows: (a) Availability for inspection by parents or guardians A local educational agency (as such term is defined in subsection (c)(6)(C)) that receives funds under any applicable program shall ensure that each of the following shall be available for inspection by the parents or guardians of the children in attendance at the schools served by such agency: (1) All instructional materials, including teacher’s manuals, films, tapes, or other supplementary material which will be used in such school or in connection with any survey, analysis, or evaluation. (2) Any books or other reading materials made available to students in such school or through the school library of such school. . (b) Single issue notification Section 445(b) of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1232h ) is amended— (1) by striking prior consent of the student and inserting prior written consent of the student ; and (2) by inserting , which is provided specifically for such survey, analysis, or evaluation before the period at the end. (c) Development and adoption of local policies Section 445(c) of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1232h(c) ) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking physical and inserting medical ; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking in consultation with parents and inserting in consultation with parents in accordance with paragraph (2)(A) ; (B) by amending subparagraph (C)(i) to read as follows: (C) (i) The right of a parent of a student to inspect, upon the request of the parent, any instructional material used as part of the educational curriculum for the student, and any books or other reading materials made available to the student in a school served by the agency or through the school library; and ; (C) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: (D) The administration of medical examinations or screenings that the school or agency may administer to a student, including— (i) prior notice to parents of such a medical examination or screening, and receipt of consent from parents before administering such an examination or screening; and (ii) in the event of an emergency that requires a medical examination or screening without time for parental notification and consent, the procedure for promptly notifying parents of such examination or screening subsequent to such examination or screening. ; and (D) by amending subparagraph (E) to read as follows: (E) The prohibition on the collection, disclosure, or use of personal information collected from students for the purpose of marketing or for selling that information (or otherwise providing that information to others for that purpose), other than for a legitimate educational purpose to improve the education of students as described in paragraph (4), and the arrangements to protect student privacy that are provided by the agency in the event of such collection, disclosure, or use for such a legitimate educational purpose. . (d) Parental notification Paragraph (2) of section 445(c) of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1232h(c) ) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by inserting consultation and before notification ; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (C) as subparagraphs (B) through (D), respectively; (3) in subparagraph (B) (as so redesignated)— (A) in clause (i), by striking and at the end; (B) by amending clause (ii) to read as follows: (ii) in the case of an activity described in clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (D), offer an opportunity and clear instructions for the parent (or in the case of a student who is an adult or emancipated minor, the student) to opt the student out of participation in such activity; ; and (C) by adding at the end the following: (iii) in the case of an activity described in subparagraph (D)(i), a description of how such activity is for a legitimate educational purpose to improve the education of students as described in paragraph (4); and (iv) not require a student to submit to a survey described in subparagraph (D)(ii) without the prior written consent of the student (if the student is an adult or emancipated minor), or in the case of an unemancipated minor, without the prior written consent of the parent, which is provided specifically for such survey. ; (4) by inserting before subparagraph (B) (as so amended and redesignated), the following: (A) Parental consultation The parental consultation required for the purpose of developing and adopting policies under paragraphs (1) and (3) by a local educational agency shall ensure that such policy is developed with meaningful engagement by parents of students enrolled in schools served by that agency. ; and (5) in subparagraph (D) (as designated by paragraph (2))— (A) by amending clause (i) to read as follows: (i) Activities involving the collection, disclosure, or use of personal information collected from students for a legitimate educational purpose to improve the education of students as described in paragraph (4). ; and (B) in clause (iii), by striking invasive physical and inserting medical . (e) Updates to existing policies Paragraph (3) of section 445(c) of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1232h(c) ) is amended to read as follows: (3) Updates to existing policies (A) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Parents Bill of Rights Act, a local educational agency that receives funds under any applicable program shall— (i) review policies covering the requirements of paragraph (1) as in effect on the day before such date of enactment; and (ii) develop and update such policies to reflect the changes made to paragraph (1) by the amendments made by the Parents Bill of Rights Act. (B) Consultation and notification In developing and updating the policies under subparagraph (A), the agency shall comply with the consultation and notification requirements under paragraph (2). . (f) Exceptions Paragraph (4)(A) of section 445(c) of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1232h(c) ) is amended by amending the matter preceding clause (i) to read as follows: (A) Educational products or services For purposes of paragraph (1)(E), the collection, disclosure, or use of personal information collected from students for a legitimate educational purpose to improve the education of students means the exclusive purpose of developing, evaluating, or providing educational products or services for, or to, students or schools, such as the following: . (g) Definitions Paragraph (6) of section 445(c) of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1232h(c) ) is amended— (1) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: (B) Medical examination or screening The term ‘medical examination or screening’ means any medical examination or screening that involves the exposure of private body parts, or any act during such examination or screening that includes incision, insertion, or injection into the body, or a mental health or substance use disorder screening, except that such term does not include a hearing, vision, or scoliosis screening, or an observational screening carried out to comply with child find obligations under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq. ). ; and (2) in subparagraph (E)— (A) in clause (iii), by striking or ; (B) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or ; and (C) by adding at the end the following: (v) an email address. . (h) Enforcement and reporting Subsection (e) of section 445 of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1232h ) is amended to read as follows: (e) Enforcement and reporting (1) Enforcement The Secretary shall take such action as the Secretary determines appropriate to enforce this section, except that action to terminate assistance provided under an applicable program shall be taken only if the Secretary determines that— (A) there has been a failure to comply with such section; and (B) compliance with such section cannot be secured by voluntary means. (2) Reporting (A) Local educational agencies On an annual basis, each local educational agency (as such term is defined in subsection (c)(6)(C)) that receives funds under any applicable program shall— (i) without identifying any personal information of a student or students, report to the State educational agency any enforcement actions or investigations carried out for the preceding school year to ensure compliance with this section; and (ii) publish such information on its website or through other public means used for parental notification if the agency does not have a website. (B) States On an annual basis, each State educational agency shall provide to the Secretary a report, with respect to the preceding school year, that includes all actions local educational agencies have reported under subparagraph (A), and a description of the enforcement actions the State educational agency took to ensure parents’ rights were protected. (C) Secretary Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Parents Bill of Rights Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate— (i) the reports received under subparagraph (B); and (ii) a description of the enforcement actions taken by the Secretary under this subsection and section 444(f) to ensure full compliance with this section and section 444, respectively. .

118 HR 5009 IH: Wildlife Innovation and Longevity Driver reauthorization Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-07-27 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 5009 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES July 27, 2023 Mr. Joyce of Ohio (for himself, Mrs. Dingell , Mrs. González-Colón , Mr. Costa , Mr. Carter of Georgia , Mr. Thompson of California , and Mr. Garbarino ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources A BILL To reauthorize wildlife habitat and conservation programs, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Wildlife Innovation and Longevity Driver reauthorization Act or the WILD Act . 2. Partners for Fish and Wildlife Act Section 5 of the Partners for Fish and Wildlife Act ( 16 U.S.C. 3774 ) is amended by striking 2019 through 2023 and inserting 2024 through 2028 . 3. African Elephant Conservation Act (a) Provision of assistance Section 2101 of the African Elephant Conservation Act ( 16 U.S.C. 4211 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (g) Multiyear grants (1) Authorization The Secretary may award to a person who is otherwise eligible for a grant under this section a multiyear grant of up to 5 years to carry out a project that the person demonstrates is an effective, long-term conservation strategy for African elephants and the habitat of African elephants. (2) Effect Nothing in this subsection precludes the Secretary from awarding a grant on an annual basis. . (b) Authorization of appropriations Section 2306(a) of the African Elephant Conservation Act ( 16 U.S.C. 4245(a) ) is amended by striking 2019 through 2023 and inserting 2024 through 2028 . 4. Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 (a) Asian elephant conservation assistance Section 5 of the Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 ( 16 U.S.C. 4264 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (i) Multiyear grants (1) Authorization The Secretary may award to a person who is otherwise eligible for a grant under this section a multiyear grant of up to 5 years to carry out a project that the person demonstrates is an effective, long-term conservation strategy for Asian elephants and the habitat of Asian elephants. (2) Effect Nothing in this subsection precludes the Secretary from awarding a grant on an annual basis. . (b) Authorization of appropriations Section 8(a) of the Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 ( 16 U.S.C. 4266(a) ) is amended by striking 2019 through 2023 and inserting 2024 through 2028 . 5. Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (a) Rhinoceros and tiger conservation assistance Section 5 of the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 ( 16 U.S.C. 5304 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (g) Multiyear grants (1) Authorization The Secretary may award to a person who is otherwise eligible for a grant under this section a multiyear grant of up to 5 years to carry out a project that the person demonstrates is an effective, long-term conservation strategy for rhinoceroses or tigers and the habitat of rhinoceroses or tigers. (2) Effect Nothing in this subsection precludes the Secretary from awarding a grant on an annual basis. . (b) Authorization of appropriations Section 10(a) of the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 ( 16 U.S.C. 5306(a) ) is amended by striking 2019 through 2023 and inserting 2024 through 2028 . 6. Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (a) Multiyear grants Section 4(j)(1) of the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 ( 16 U.S.C. 6303(j)(1) ) is amended by inserting of up to 5 years after multiyear grant . (b) Authorization of appropriations Section 6 of the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 ( 16 U.S.C. 6305 ) is amended by striking 2019 through 2023 and inserting 2024 through 2028 . 7. Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (a) Multiyear grants Section 4 of the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 ( 16 U.S.C. 6603 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (h) Multiyear grants (1) Authorization The Secretary may award to a person who is otherwise eligible for a grant under this section a multiyear grant of up to 5 years to carry out a project that the person demonstrates is an effective, long-term conservation strategy for marine turtles, freshwater turtles, or tortoises and the habitat of marine turtles, freshwater turtles, or tortoises. (2) Effect Nothing in this subsection precludes the Secretary from awarding a grant on an annual basis. . (b) Authorization of appropriations Section 7(a) of the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 ( 16 U.S.C. 6606(a) ) is amended by striking 2019 through 2023 and inserting 2024 through 2028 .

118 HR 5327 IH: Empowering Parents Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-09-01 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 5327 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES September 1, 2023 Mr. Good of Virginia (for himself, Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. LaMalfa , and Mr. Biggs ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce A BILL To establish a private right of action for parents with respect to the teaching of racial discrimination theory and other actions by covered schools, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Empowering Parents Act . 2. Findings Congress finds the following: (1) The family unit consisting of a mother, father, and child is the foundation of civil society. (2) The rights and authority of parents are God-given and self-evident. (3) The rights and authority of parents do not derive from the government. (4) The rights and authority of parents should not be challenged or undermined by the government, but must be preserved and protected. (5) Parents are responsible for impressing faith, morals, and values upon their children; such responsibility does not belong to teachers, school board members, or politicians. (6) No teacher, school board member, or public official has the right to politicize or indoctrinate children. (7) More than 70 percent of citizens of the United States support the ability of parents to choose where students attend school. (8) It is contrary to the 10th Amendment of the Constitution and the principles of federalism espoused by the founding fathers for the Federal Government to supersede State or local authorities regarding the instruction and testing of students. (9) Taxpayers have a right to know what publicly funded schools are teaching students. 3. Sense of Congress It is the sense of Congress that— (1) a covered school should not— (A) deny a student the ability to attend school in person; (B) intentionally expose a student to racial discrimination theory; (C) intentionally expose a student to radical gender theory or sexually explicit content; (D) require a biological woman to compete against a biological man in an athletic competition hosted or sponsored by such school; (E) require a biological woman and a biological man to share a private facility, including— (i) a restroom; (ii) a locker room; (iii) a shower facility; or (iv) a changing room; or (F) require a student to abide by a health mandate without first obtaining parental consent or require, as a prerequisite for in-person school attendance— (i) wearing a mask; (ii) receiving a COVID–19 vaccine; or (iii) subjecting to a medical screening; (2) a covered school should— (A) protect the personal information of every student, as required under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (commonly known as the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 ) ( 20 U.S.C. 1232g ); and (B) be parent-led and locally managed with State oversight; (3) Federal law enforcement agencies should not target a parent for exercising First Amendment rights on school property or in school board meetings; and (4) a parent should have the ability to choose the school that the children of such parent attend. 4. Prohibitions (a) In general A covered school may not— (1) compel a teacher or student to adopt, affirm, adhere to, or profess— (A) any academic discipline, program, or activity that is premised on the idea that— (i) the United States is a Nation founded on White supremacy and oppression, or that these forces are at the root of American society; (ii) one race or sex is inherently superior to another race or sex; (iii) the United States is fundamentally racist or sexist; (iv) an individual, by virtue of his or her race or sex, is inherently racist, sexist, or oppressive, whether consciously or unconsciously; (v) an individual should be discriminated against or receive adverse treatment solely or partly because of his or her race or sex; (vi) members of one race or sex cannot and should not attempt to treat others without respect to race or sex; (vii) an individual’s moral character is necessarily determined by his or her race or sex; (viii) an individual, by virtue of his or her race or sex, bears responsibility for actions committed in the past by other members of the same race or sex; (ix) any individual should feel discomfort, guilt, anguish, or any other form of psychological distress on account of his or her race or sex; or (x) meritocracy or traits such as a hard work ethic are racist or sexist, or were created by a particular race to oppress another race; or (B) an idea, where such compulsion violates title IV or title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000c et seq. ); (2) compel a student to observe or espouse obscene or sexual materials without the consent of a parent of such student; (3) instruct or require an employee of such school to refer to a student using a pronoun not associated with the biological sex of such student, without obtaining consent to do so from a parent of such student; (4) act as the agent of a parent of a student enrolled in such school, for purposes of— (A) providing verifiable parental consent; or (B) receiving a notice or other information required to be provided to a parent of such student; or (5) neglect to report sexual assault or sexual harassment on school property to the appropriate law enforcement authorities. (b) Rule of construction Nothing in this section may be construed to prohibit a teacher or a student from discussing public policy issues or matters of public debate. 5. Private right of action (a) In general A parent aggrieved by a violation of section 4 may commence a civil action against the covered school responsible for the violation. (b) Relief In any action under subsection (a), the court may award appropriate relief, including— (1) temporary, preliminary, or permanent injunctive relief; (2) compensatory damages; (3) punitive or exemplary damages; and (4) reasonable fees for attorneys. (c) Statute of limitations An action under this section shall be brought not later than 30 days after the date on which the violation of section 4 occurred. (d) Attorney General In a case in which a parent commences a civil action under subsection (a), the Attorney General shall have the exclusive authority to oversee, as appropriate, any investigation conducted by the Federal Government in connection with such action. 6. Definitions In this Act: (1) Biological man The term biological man means an individual who is recognized as a male on the date of the birth of such individual, based on the genetic and reproductive biological characteristics of such individual. (2) Biological sex The term biological sex means the sex recognized on the date of birth of the individual based on the genetic and reproductive biological characteristics of such individual. (3) Biological woman The term biological woman means an individual who is recognized as a female on the date of the birth of such individual, based on the genetic and reproductive biological characteristics of such individual. (4) Covered school The term covered school means an elementary school or secondary school, as such terms are defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7801 ). (5) Obscene material The term obscene material means material that, considered as a whole— (A) appeals to— (i) the prurient interest; or (ii) a shameful or morbid interest in nudity, sexual conduct, sexual excitement, excretory functions or products thereof, or sadomasochistic abuse; (B) goes substantially beyond customary limits of candor in description or representation of the matters described in clause (A)(ii); and (C) does not have serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value. (6) Parent The term parent has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7801 ).

118 HR 5636 IH: Protect Children’s Innocence Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-09-21 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 5636 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES September 21, 2023 Ms. Greene of Georgia introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To amend chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, to prohibit gender affirming care on minors. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protect Children’s Innocence Act . 2. Gender affirming care on minors prohibited Chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following: 2260B. Gender affirming care for minors (a) In general Whoever, in any circumstance described in subsection (e), knowingly performs any gender affirming care on a minor is guilty of a class C felony. (b) Prohibition on prosecution of person on whom intervention is performed No person on whom the gender affirming care under subsection (a) is performed may be arrested or prosecuted for an offense under this section. (c) Civil action A person on whom gender affirming care is performed under this section may bring a civil action for appropriate relief, including compensatory and punitive damages, against each person who performed the gender affirming care. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) Gender affirming care (A) In general For purposes of this chapter, except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term gender affirming care means, with respect to an individual, any of the following: (i) Performing any surgery for the purpose of changing the body of such individual to correspond to a sex that differs from their biological sex, including— (I) castration; (II) orchiectomy; (III) scrotoplasty; (IV) vasectomy; (V) hysterectomy; (VI) oophorectomy; (VII) ovariectomy; (VIII) metoidioplasty; (IX) penectomy; (X) phalloplasty; (XI) vaginoplasty; (XII) vaginectomy; (XIII) vulvoplasty; (XIV) reduction thyrochondroplasty; (XV) chondrolaryngoplasty; and (XVI) mastectomy. (ii) Any plastic surgery that feminizes or masculinizes the facial features for the purposes described in clause (i). (iii) Any placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts for the purposes described in clause (i). (iv) Any placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region for the purposes described in clause (i). (v) Administering, supplying, prescribing, dispensing, distributing, or otherwise conveying to an individual medications for the purposes described in clause (i), including— (I) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normal puberty; (II) testosterone or other androgens to biological females at doses that are supraphysiologic to the female sex; and (III) estrogen to biological males at doses that are supraphysiologic to the male sex. (B) Exception Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the following individuals: (i) An individual with both ovarian and testicular tissue. (ii) An individual with respect to whom a physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action. (iii) An individual experiencing infection, disease, injury, or disorder caused or exacerbated by previous gender transition procedures. (iv) An individual suffering from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of a major bodily function unless the procedure is performed. (2) Biological sex The term biological sex means the indication of male or female sex by reproductive potential or capacity, sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, or internal or external genitalia present at birth. (3) Minor The term minor means any person under the age of eighteen years. (e) Circumstances described For purposes of subsection (a), the circumstances described in this subsection are that— (1) the defendant or victim traveled in interstate or foreign commerce, or traveled using a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (2) the defendant used a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (3) any payment of any kind was made, directly or indirectly, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce; (4) the defendant transmitted in interstate or foreign commerce any communication relating to or in furtherance of the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means or in manner, including by computer, mail, wire, or electromagnetic transmission; (5) any instrument, item, substance, or other object that has traveled in interstate or foreign commerce was used to perform the conduct described in subsection (a); (6) the conduct described in subsection (a) occurred within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, or any territory or possession of the United States; or (7) the conduct described in subsection (a) otherwise occurred in or affected interstate or foreign commerce. (f) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting provision of the medical services described in subsection (d)(1)(A) to address legitimate health issues, such as any male or female reproductive cancers, apart from changing the body to correspond to a sex that differs from one’s biological sex. ; and (2) by amending the table of sections for such chapter by adding at the end the following: 2260B. Gender affirming care on minors. .

118 HR 5893 IH: Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2024 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-10-25 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 5893 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES October 6, 2023 Mr. Rogers of Kentucky introduced the following bill; October 25, 2023 Referred to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to subsequently determined by the speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL Making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes, namely: I DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE International trade administration OPERATIONS AND ADMINISTRATION For necessary expenses for international trade activities of the Department of Commerce provided for by law, to carry out activities associated with facilitating, attracting, and retaining business investment in the United States, and for engaging in trade promotional activities abroad, including expenses of grants and cooperative agreements for the purpose of promoting exports of United States firms, without regard to sections 3702 and 3703 of title 44, United States Code; full medical coverage for dependent members of immediate families of employees stationed overseas and employees temporarily posted overseas; travel and transportation of employees of the International Trade Administration between two points abroad, without regard to section 40118 of title 49, United States Code; employment of citizens of the United States and aliens by contract for services; rental of space abroad for periods not exceeding 10 years, and expenses of alteration, repair, or improvement; purchase or construction of temporary demountable exhibition structures for use abroad; payment of tort claims, in the manner authorized in the first paragraph of section 2672 of title 28, United States Code, when such claims arise in foreign countries; not to exceed $294,300 for official representation expenses abroad; purchase of passenger motor vehicles for official use abroad, not to exceed $45,000 per vehicle; not to exceed $325,000 for purchase of armored vehicles without regard to the general purchase price limitations; obtaining insurance on official motor vehicles; and rental of tie lines, $570,000,000, of which $85,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2024: Provided, That $12,000,000 is to be derived from fees to be retained and used by the International Trade Administration, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That, of amounts provided under this heading, not less than $16,400,000 shall be for China antidumping and countervailing duty enforcement and compliance activities: Provided further, That the provisions of the first sentence of section 105(f) and all of section 108(c) of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2455(f) and 2458(c)) shall apply in carrying out these activities; and that for the purpose of this Act, contributions under the provisions of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 shall include payment for assessments for services provided as part of these activities. Bureau of industry and security OPERATIONS AND ADMINISTRATION For necessary expenses for export administration and national security activities of the Department of Commerce, including costs associated with the performance of export administration field activities both domestically and abroad; full medical coverage for dependent members of immediate families of employees stationed overseas; employment of citizens of the United States and aliens by contract for services abroad; payment of tort claims, in the manner authorized in the first paragraph of section 2672 of title 28, United States Code, when such claims arise in foreign countries; not to exceed $13,500 for official representation expenses abroad; awards of compensation to informers under the Export Control Reform Act of 2018 (subtitle B of title XVII of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019; Public Law 115–232 ; 132 Stat. 2208; 50 U.S.C. 4801 et seq. ), and as authorized by section 1(b) of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 223; 22 U.S.C. 401(b) ); and purchase of passenger motor vehicles for official use and motor vehicles for law enforcement use with special requirement vehicles eligible for purchase without regard to any price limitation otherwise established by law, $191,000,000, of which $76,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That the provisions of the first sentence of section 105(f) and all of section 108(c) of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2455(f) and 2458(c)) shall apply in carrying out these activities: Provided further, That payments and contributions collected and accepted for materials or services provided as part of such activities may be retained for use in covering the cost of such activities, and for providing information to the public with respect to the export administration and national security activities of the Department of Commerce and other export control programs of the United States and other governments. Economic development administration ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS For grants for economic development assistance as provided by the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965, for grants authorized by sections 27 and 28 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 ( 15 U.S.C. 3722 , 3722a, 3722b, and 3723), as amended, $211,000,000 to remain available until expended, of which $50,000,000 shall be for grants under section 27 and $41,000,000 shall be for grants under section 28: Provided, That any deviation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the report accompanying this Act, or any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this heading in previous years, shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act. SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of administering the economic development assistance programs as provided for by law, $43,500,000: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be used to monitor projects approved pursuant to title I of the Public Works Employment Act of 1976; title II of the Trade Act of 1974; sections 27 through 30 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 ( 15 U.S.C. 3722–3723 ), as amended; and the Community Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1977. Minority business development agency MINORITY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses of the Minority Business Development Agency in fostering, promoting, and developing minority business enterprises, as authorized by law, $55,000,000. Economic and statistical analysis SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses, as authorized by law, of economic and statistical analysis programs of the Department of Commerce, $116,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. Bureau of the census CURRENT SURVEYS AND PROGRAMS For necessary expenses for collecting, compiling, analyzing, preparing, and publishing statistics, provided for by law, $300,000,000: Provided, That, from amounts provided herein, funds may be used for promotion, outreach, and marketing activities. PERIODIC CENSUSES AND PROGRAMS For necessary expenses for collecting, compiling, analyzing, preparing, and publishing statistics for periodic censuses and programs provided for by law, $1,054,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That, from amounts provided herein, funds may be used for promotion, outreach, and marketing activities. National telecommunications and information administration SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses, as provided for by law, of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), $54,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1535(d) , the Secretary of Commerce shall charge Federal agencies for costs incurred in spectrum management, analysis, operations, and related services, and such fees shall be retained and used as offsetting collections for costs of such spectrum services, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Secretary of Commerce is authorized to retain and use as offsetting collections all funds transferred, or previously transferred, from other Government agencies for all costs incurred in telecommunications research, engineering, and related activities by the Institute for Telecommunication Sciences of NTIA, in furtherance of its assigned functions under this paragraph, and such funds received from other Government agencies shall remain available until expended. PUBLIC TELECOMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES, PLANNING AND CONSTRUCTION For the administration of prior-year grants, recoveries and unobligated balances of funds previously appropriated are available for the administration of all open grants until their expiration. United states patent and trademark office SALARIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) provided for by law, including defense of suits instituted against the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO, $4,195,799,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as offsetting collections of fees and surcharges assessed and collected by the USPTO under any law are received during fiscal year 2024, so as to result in a fiscal year 2024 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $0: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2024, should the total amount of such offsetting collections be less than $4,195,799,000, this amount shall be reduced accordingly: Provided further, That any amount received in excess of $4,195,799,000 in fiscal year 2024 and deposited in the Patent and Trademark Fee Reserve Fund shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Director of USPTO shall submit a spending plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for any amounts made available by the preceding proviso and such spending plan shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That any amounts reprogrammed in accordance with the preceding proviso shall be transferred to the United States Patent and Trademark Office Salaries and Expenses account: Provided further, That the budget of the President submitted for fiscal year 2025 under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include within amounts provided under this heading for necessary expenses of the USPTO any increases that are expected to result from an increase promulgated through rule or regulation in offsetting collections of fees and surcharges assessed and collected by the USPTO under any law in either fiscal year 2024 or fiscal year 2025: Provided further, That from amounts provided herein, not to exceed $13,500 shall be made available in fiscal year 2024 for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2024 from the amounts made available for Salaries and Expenses for the USPTO, the amounts necessary to pay (1) the difference between the percentage of basic pay contributed by the USPTO and employees under section 8334(a) of title 5, United States Code, and the normal cost percentage (as defined by section 8331(17) of that title) as provided by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) for USPTO's specific use, of basic pay, of employees subject to subchapter III of chapter 83 of that title, and (2) the present value of the otherwise unfunded accruing costs, as determined by OPM for USPTO's specific use of post-retirement life insurance and post-retirement health benefits coverage for all USPTO employees who are enrolled in Federal Employees Health Benefits (FEHB) and Federal Employees Group Life Insurance (FEGLI), shall be transferred to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund, the FEGLI Fund, and the Employees FEHB Fund, as appropriate, and shall be available for the authorized purposes of those accounts: Provided further, That any differences between the present value factors published in OPM's yearly 300 series benefit letters and the factors that OPM provides for USPTO's specific use shall be recognized as an imputed cost on USPTO's financial statements, where applicable: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, all fees and surcharges assessed and collected by USPTO are available for USPTO only pursuant to section 42(c) of title 35, United States Code, as amended by section 22 of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act ( Public Law 112–29 ): Provided further, That within the amounts appropriated, $2,450,000 shall be transferred to the Office of Inspector General account for activities associated with carrying out investigations and audits related to the USPTO. National institute of standards and technology SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL RESEARCH AND SERVICES (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), $1,019,948,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $9,000,000 may be transferred to the Working Capital Fund : Provided, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $118,511,000 shall be for scientific and technical research projects, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified for DOC-NIST STRS in the table entitled, Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That the amounts made available for the projects referenced in the preceding proviso may not be transferred for any other purpose: Provided further, That not to exceed $5,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That NIST may provide local transportation for summer undergraduate research fellowship program participants. INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY SERVICES For necessary expenses for industrial technology services, $237,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $200,000,000 shall be for the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, and of which $37,000,000 shall be for the Manufacturing USA Program. CONSTRUCTION OF RESEARCH FACILITIES For construction of new research facilities, including architectural and engineering design, and for renovation and maintenance of existing facilities, not otherwise provided for the National Institute of Standards and Technology, as authorized by sections 13 through 15 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act ( 15 U.S.C. 278c–278e ), $220,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary of Commerce shall include in the budget justification materials for fiscal year 2024 that the Secretary submits to Congress in support of the Department of Commerce budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) an estimate for each National Institute of Standards and Technology construction project having a total multi-year program cost of more than $5,000,000, and simultaneously the budget justification materials shall include an estimate of the budgetary requirements for each such project for each of the 5 subsequent fiscal years. National oceanic and atmospheric administration OPERATIONS, RESEARCH, AND FACILITIES (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of activities authorized by law for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), including maintenance, operation, and hire of aircraft and vessels; pilot programs for State-led fisheries management, notwithstanding any other provision of law; grants, contracts, or other payments to nonprofit organizations for the purposes of conducting activities pursuant to cooperative agreements; and relocation of facilities, $3,726,628,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, of which, $5,000,000 is for necessary expenses of designing and deploying the near real-time monitoring and mitigation program for threatened or endangered cetaceans authorized by section 11303 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( 16 U.S.C. 1391 ): Provided , That the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration may not amend or withdraw the North Atlantic right whale vessel strike reduction rule contained in section 224.105 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, in effect in Fiscal Year 2022 until such Administrator has fulfilled the requirements of section 11303(e) of that Act ( 16 U.S.C. 1391(e) ): Provided further, That fees and donations received by the National Ocean Service for the management of national marine sanctuaries may be retained and used for the salaries and expenses associated with those activities, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That in addition, $355,081,000 shall be derived by transfer from the fund entitled Promote and Develop Fishery Products and Research Pertaining to American Fisheries , which shall only be used for fishery activities related to the Saltonstall-Kennedy Grant Program; Fisheries Data Collections, Surveys, and Assessments; Observers and Training; Fisheries Management Programs and Services; and Interjurisdictional Fisheries Grants: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,000,000 shall be for payment to the Department of Commerce Working Capital Fund : Provided further, That of the $4,104,709,000 provided for in direct obligations under this heading, $3,726,628,000 is appropriated from the general fund, $355,081,000 is provided by transfer, and $23,000,000 is derived from recoveries of prior year obligations: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $56,999,000 shall be used for Coastal Zone Management projects, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified for DOC-NOAA CZM in the table entitled, Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That the amounts made available for the projects referenced in the preceding proviso may not be transferred for any other purpose: Provided further, That any deviation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the report accompanying this Act, or any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this heading in previous years, shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That in addition, for necessary retired pay expenses under the Retired Serviceman's Family Protection and Survivor Benefits Plan, and for payments for the medical care of retired personnel and their dependents under the Dependents' Medical Care Act (10 U.S.C. ch. 55), such sums as may be necessary. PROCUREMENT, ACQUISITION AND CONSTRUCTION For procurement, acquisition and construction of capital assets, including alteration and modification costs, of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, $1,653,630,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, except that funds provided for acquisition and construction of vessels and aircraft, and construction of facilities shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the $1,666,630,000 provided for in direct obligations under this heading, $1,653,630,000 is appropriated from the general fund and $13,000,000 is provided from recoveries of prior year obligations: Provided further, That any deviation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the report accompanying this Act, or any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this heading in previous years, shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary of Commerce shall include in budget justification materials for fiscal year 2024 that the Secretary submits to Congress in support of the Department of Commerce budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) an estimate for each National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration procurement, acquisition or construction project having a total of more than $5,000,000 and simultaneously the budget justification shall include an estimate of the budgetary requirements for each such project for each of the 5 subsequent fiscal years. PACIFIC COASTAL SALMON RECOVERY For necessary expenses associated with the restoration of Pacific salmon populations, $65,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That, of the funds provided herein, the Secretary of Commerce may issue grants to the States of Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Nevada, California, and Alaska, and to the federally recognized Tribes of the Columbia River and Pacific Coast (including Alaska), for projects necessary for conservation of salmon and steelhead populations that are listed as threatened or endangered, or that are identified by a State as at-risk to be so listed, for maintaining populations necessary for exercise of Tribal treaty fishing rights or native subsistence fishing, or for conservation of Pacific coastal salmon and steelhead habitat, based on guidelines to be developed by the Secretary of Commerce: Provided further, That all funds shall be allocated based on scientific and other merit principles and shall not be available for marketing activities: Provided further, That funds disbursed to States shall be subject to a matching requirement of funds or documented in-kind contributions of at least 33 percent of the Federal funds. FISHERMEN'S CONTINGENCY FUND For carrying out the provisions of title IV of Public Law 95–372 , not to exceed $349,000, to be derived from receipts collected pursuant to that Act, to remain available until expended. FISHERIES FINANCE PROGRAM ACCOUNT Subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2023, obligations of direct loans may not exceed $24,000,000 for Individual Fishing Quota loans and not to exceed $100,000,000 for traditional direct loans as authorized by the Merchant Marine Act of 1936. Departmental management SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses for the management of the Department of Commerce provided for by law, including not to exceed $4,500 for official reception and representation, $80,000,000: Provided, That no employee of the Department of Commerce may be detailed or assigned from a bureau or office funded by this Act or any other Act to offices within the Office of the Secretary of the Department of Commerce for more than 180 days in a fiscal year unless the individual's employing bureau or office is fully reimbursed for the salary and expenses of the employee for the entire period of assignment using funds provided under this heading: Provided further, That amounts made available to the Department of Commerce in this or any prior Act may not be transferred pursuant to section 508 of this or any prior Act to the account funded under this heading, except in the case of extraordinary circumstances that threaten life or property. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $49,598,000. General provisions—Department of commerce (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 101. During the current fiscal year, applicable appropriations and funds made available to the Department of Commerce by this Act shall be available for the activities specified in the Act of October 26, 1949 ( 15 U.S.C. 1514 ), to the extent and in the manner prescribed by the Act, and, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3324 , may be used for advanced payments not otherwise authorized only upon the certification of officials designated by the Secretary of Commerce that such payments are in the public interest. 102. During the current fiscal year, appropriations made available to the Department of Commerce by this Act for salaries and expenses shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 ; and uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law ( 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902 ). 103. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Commerce in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That the Secretary of Commerce shall notify the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days in advance of the acquisition or disposal of any capital asset (including land, structures, and equipment) not specifically provided for in this Act or any other law appropriating funds for the Department of Commerce. 104. The requirements set forth by section 105 of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2012 ( Public Law 112–55 ), as amended by section 105 of title I of division B of Public Law 113–6 , are hereby adopted by reference and made applicable with respect to fiscal year 2024: Provided, That the life cycle cost for the Joint Polar Satellite System is $11,322,125,000, the life cycle cost of the Polar Follow On Program is $6,837,900,000, the life cycle cost for the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite R-Series Program is $11,700,100,000, and the life cycle cost for the Space Weather Follow-On Program is $692,800,000. 105. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Commerce may furnish services (including but not limited to utilities, telecommunications, and security services) necessary to support the operation, maintenance, and improvement of space that persons, firms, or organizations are authorized, pursuant to the Public Buildings Cooperative Use Act of 1976 or other authority, to use or occupy in the Herbert C. Hoover Building, Washington, DC, or other buildings, the maintenance, operation, and protection of which has been delegated to the Secretary from the Administrator of General Services pursuant to the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 on a reimbursable or non-reimbursable basis. Amounts received as reimbursement for services provided under this section or the authority under which the use or occupancy of the space is authorized, up to $200,000, shall be credited to the appropriation or fund which initially bears the costs of such services. 106. Nothing in this title shall be construed to prevent a grant recipient from deterring child pornography, copyright infringement, or any other unlawful activity over its networks. 107. The Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is authorized to use, with their consent, with reimbursement and subject to the limits of available appropriations, the land, services, equipment, personnel, and facilities of any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States, or of any State, local government, Indian Tribal Government, Territory, or possession, or of any political subdivision thereof, or of any foreign government or international organization, for purposes related to carrying out the responsibilities of any statute administered by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 108. The National Technical Information Service shall not charge any customer for a copy of any report or document generated by the Legislative Branch unless the Service has provided information to the customer on how an electronic copy of such report or document may be accessed and downloaded for free online. Should a customer still require the Service to provide a printed or digital copy of the report or document, the charge shall be limited to recovering the Service's cost of processing, reproducing, and delivering such report or document. 109. To carry out the responsibilities of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), the Administrator of NOAA is authorized to: (1) enter into grants and cooperative agreements with; (2) use on a non-reimbursable basis land, services, equipment, personnel, and facilities provided by; and (3) receive and expend funds made available on a consensual basis from: a Federal agency, State or subdivision thereof, local government, Tribal Government, Territory, or possession or any subdivisions thereof: Provided, That funds received for permitting and related regulatory activities pursuant to this section shall be deposited under the heading National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration—Operations, Research, and Facilities and shall remain available until September 30, 2024, for such purposes: Provided further, That all funds within this section and their corresponding uses are subject to section 505 of this Act. 110. Amounts provided by this Act or by any prior appropriations Act that remain available for obligation, for necessary expenses of the programs of the Economics and Statistics Administration of the Department of Commerce, including amounts provided for programs of the Bureau of Economic Analysis and the Bureau of the Census, shall be available for expenses of cooperative agreements with appropriate entities, including any Federal, State, or local governmental unit, or institution of higher education, to aid and promote statistical, research, and methodology activities which further the purposes for which such amounts have been made available. This title may be cited as the Department of Commerce Appropriations Act, 2024 . II DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE General administration SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the administration of the Department of Justice, $113,000,000, of which $4,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2024, and of which not to exceed $4,000,000 for security and construction of Department of Justice facilities shall remain available until expended. JUSTICE INFORMATION SHARING TECHNOLOGY (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses for information sharing technology, including planning, development, deployment and departmental direction, $38,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Attorney General may transfer up to $40,000,000 to this account, from funds available to the Department of Justice for information technology, to remain available until expended, for enterprise-wide information technology initiatives: Provided further, That the transfer authority in the preceding proviso is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the first proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. Executive office for immigration review (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For expenses necessary for the administration of immigration-related activities of the Executive Office for Immigration Review, $760,000,000, of which $4,000,000 shall be derived by transfer from the Executive Office for Immigration Review fees deposited in the Immigration Examinations Fee account: Provided, That not to exceed $50,000,000 of the total amount made available under this heading shall remain available until September 30, 2027, for build-out and modifications of courtroom space: Provided further , That the Executive Office for Immigration Review shall implement case performance metrics that are linked to performance evaluations for individual immigration judges. Office of inspector general For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $142,000,000, including not to exceed $10,000 to meet unforeseen emergencies of a confidential character: Provided, That not to exceed $4,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2024. United states parole commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the United States Parole Commission as authorized, $14,238,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon the expiration of a term of office of a Commissioner, the Commissioner may continue to act until a successor has been appointed. Legal activities SALARIES AND EXPENSES, GENERAL LEGAL ACTIVITIES (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For expenses necessary for the legal activities of the Department of Justice, not otherwise provided for, including not to exceed $20,000 for expenses of collecting evidence, to be expended under the direction of, and to be accounted for solely under the certificate of, the Attorney General; the administration of pardon and clemency petitions; and rent of private or Government-owned space in the District of Columbia, $938,500,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 for litigation support contracts and information technology projects, including cybersecurity and hardening of critical networks, shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount provided for INTERPOL Washington dues payments, not to exceed $685,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, not to exceed $9,000 shall be available to INTERPOL Washington for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, not to exceed $9,000 shall be available to the Criminal Division for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for litigation activities of the Civil Division, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to Salaries and Expenses, General Legal Activities from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated, such sums as may be necessary shall be available to the Civil Rights Division for salaries and expenses associated with the election monitoring program under section 8 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 ( 52 U.S.C. 10305 ) and to reimburse the Office of Personnel Management for such salaries and expenses: Provided further , That of the amounts provided under this heading for the election monitoring program, $3,390,000 shall remain available until expended. In addition, for reimbursement of expenses of the Department of Justice associated with processing cases under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986, $31,738,000, to be appropriated from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund and to remain available until expended. SALARIES AND EXPENSES, ANTITRUST DIVISION For expenses necessary for the enforcement of antitrust and kindred laws, $192,776,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $192,776,000 of offsetting collections derived from fees collected for premerger notification filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 ( 15 U.S.C. 18a ), regardless of the year of collection, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2024, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2024 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $0. SALARIES AND EXPENSES, UNITED STATES ATTORNEYS For necessary expenses of the Offices of the United States Attorneys, including inter-governmental and cooperative agreements, $2,312,000,000: Provided, That of the total amount appropriated, not to exceed $19,600 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $40,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That each United States Attorney shall establish or participate in a task force on human trafficking. UNITED STATES TRUSTEE SYSTEM FUND For necessary expenses of the United States Trustee Program, as authorized, $239,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, deposits of discretionary offsetting collections to the United States Trustee System Fund and amounts herein appropriated shall be available in such amounts as may be necessary to pay refunds due depositors: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, fees deposited into the Fund as discretionary offsetting collections pursuant to section 589a of title 28, United States Code (as limited by section 589a(f)(2) of title 28, United States Code), shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That to the extent that fees deposited into the Fund as discretionary offsetting collections in fiscal year 2024, net of amounts necessary to pay refunds due depositors, exceed $255,000,000, those excess amounts shall be available in future fiscal years only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced (1) as such fees are received during fiscal year 2024, net of amounts necessary to pay refunds due depositors, (estimated at $230,000,000) and (2) to the extent that any remaining general fund appropriations can be derived from amounts deposited in the Fund as discretionary offsetting collections in previous fiscal years that are not otherwise appropriated, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2024 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $9,000,000. SALARIES AND EXPENSES, FOREIGN CLAIMS SETTLEMENT COMMISSION For expenses necessary to carry out the activities of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $2,504,000. FEES AND EXPENSES OF WITNESSES For fees and expenses of witnesses, for expenses of contracts for the procurement and supervision of expert witnesses, for private counsel expenses, including advances, and for expenses of foreign counsel, $270,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $16,000,000 is for construction of buildings for protected witness safesites; not to exceed $3,000,000 is for the purchase and maintenance of armored and other vehicles for witness security caravans; and not to exceed $35,000,000 is for the purchase, installation, maintenance, and upgrade of secure telecommunications equipment and a secure automated information network to store and retrieve the identities and locations of protected witnesses: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may not be transferred pursuant to section 205 of this Act. SALARIES AND EXPENSES, COMMUNITY RELATIONS SERVICE (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Community Relations Service, $10,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for conflict resolution and violence prevention activities of the Community Relations Service, the Attorney General may transfer up to $8,000,000 to the Community Relations Service, from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for Salaries and Expenses, General Legal Activities, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. ASSETS FORFEITURE FUND For expenses authorized by subparagraphs (B), (F), and (G) of section 524(c)(1) of title 28, United States Code, $20,514,000, to be derived from the Department of Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund. United states marshals service SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the United States Marshals Service, $1,715,700,000, of which not to exceed $20,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses, and not to exceed $25,000,000 shall remain available until expended. CONSTRUCTION For construction in space that is controlled, occupied, or utilized by the United States Marshals Service for prisoner holding and related support, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended. FEDERAL PRISONER DETENTION For necessary expenses related to United States prisoners in the custody of the United States Marshals Service as authorized by section 4013 of title 18, United States Code, $2,125,724,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $20,000,000 shall be considered funds appropriated for State and local law enforcement assistance pursuant to section 4013(b) of title 18, United States Code: Provided further, That the United States Marshals Service shall be responsible for managing the Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System. National security division SALARIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For expenses necessary to carry out the activities of the National Security Division, $120,681,000, of which not to exceed $5,000,000 for information technology systems shall remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for the activities of the National Security Division, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to this heading from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. Interagency Law Enforcement ORGANIZED CRIME AND DRUG ENFORCEMENT TASK FORCES For necessary expenses for the identification, investigation, and prosecution of individuals associated with the most significant drug trafficking organizations, transnational organized crime, and money laundering organizations not otherwise provided for, to include inter-governmental agreements with State and local law enforcement agencies engaged in the investigation and prosecution of individuals involved in transnational organized crime and drug trafficking, $555,458,000, of which $50,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That any amounts obligated from appropriations under this heading may be used under authorities available to the organizations reimbursed from this appropriation. Federal bureau of investigation SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for detection, investigation, and prosecution of crimes against the United States, $10,276,000,000, of which not to exceed $216,900,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $284,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. CONSTRUCTION For necessary expenses, to include the cost of equipment, furniture, and information technology requirements, related to construction or acquisition of buildings, facilities, and sites by purchase, or as otherwise authorized by law; conversion, modification, and extension of federally owned buildings; preliminary planning and design of projects; and operation and maintenance of secure work environment facilities and secure networking capabilities; $30,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That such amount shall be used for a second DNA laboratory: Provided further , That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, unobligated balances from prior year appropriations made available under Federal Bureau of Investigation, Construction, for a new headquarters, may only be used to sustain use of the Federal Bureau of Investigation J. Edgar Hoover headquarters building. Drug enforcement administration SALARIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Drug Enforcement Administration, including not to exceed $70,000 to meet unforeseen emergencies of a confidential character pursuant to section 530C of title 28, United States Code; and expenses for conducting drug education and training programs, including travel and related expenses for participants in such programs and the distribution of items of token value that promote the goals of such programs, $2,760,924,000, of which not to exceed $75,000,000 shall remain available until expended and not to exceed $90,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That, notwithstanding section 3672 of Public Law 106–310 , up to $10,000,000 may be used to reimburse States, units of local government, Indian Tribal Governments, other public entities, and multi-jurisdictional or regional consortia thereof for expenses incurred to clean up and safely dispose of substances associated with clandestine methamphetamine laboratories, conversion and extraction operations, tableting operations, or laboratories and processing operations for fentanyl and fentanyl-related substances which may present a danger to public health or the environment: Provided further , That $50,000,000 shall be transferred to and merged with Community Oriented Policing Services Programs for competitive grants to State and local law enforcement agencies for the purpose of investigating illicit activities related to the distribution of methamphetamine, heroin, fentanyl and fentanyl analogues, and the unlawful distribution of prescription opioids. Bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, for training of State and local law enforcement agencies with or without reimbursement, including training in connection with the training and acquisition of canines for explosives and fire accelerants detection; and for provision of laboratory assistance to State and local law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $1,531,071,000, of which not to exceed $36,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses, not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be available for the payment of attorneys' fees as provided by section 924(d)(2) of title 18, United States Code, and not to exceed $25,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That no funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to transfer the functions, missions, or activities of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to other agencies or Departments: Provided further , That not more than 40 percent of the amounts made available under this heading may be obligated unless processing times for National Firearms Act applications do not exceed 120 days in the case of paper applications and 60 days in the case of electronic applications. Federal prison system SALARIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Federal Prison System for the administration, operation, and maintenance of Federal penal and correctional institutions, and for the provision of technical assistance and advice on corrections related issues to foreign governments, $8,492,588,000: Provided, That not less than $409,483,000 shall be for the programs and activities authorized by the First Step Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–391 ), of which not less than 2 percent shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for Office of Justice Programs–Research, Evaluation and Statistics for the National Institute of Justice to carry out evaluations of programs and activities related to the First Step Act of 2018 ( First Step Act ): Provided further, That the Attorney General may transfer to the Department of Health and Human Services such amounts as may be necessary for direct expenditures by that Department for medical relief for inmates of Federal penal and correctional institutions: Provided further, That the Director of the Federal Prison System, where necessary, may enter into contracts with a fiscal agent or fiscal intermediary claims processor to determine the amounts payable to persons who, on behalf of the Federal Prison System, furnish health services to individuals committed to the custody of the Federal Prison System: Provided further, That not to exceed $5,400 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available until expended for necessary operations: Provided further, That, of the amounts provided for contract confinement, not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended to make payments in advance for grants, contracts and reimbursable agreements, and other expenses: Provided further, That the Director of the Federal Prison System may accept donated property and services relating to the operation of the prison card program from a not-for-profit entity which has operated such program in the past, notwithstanding the fact that such not-for-profit entity furnishes services under contracts to the Federal Prison System relating to the operation of pre-release services, halfway houses, or other custodial facilities: Provided further , That no amounts under this heading available for programs and activities related to the First Step Act may be transferred, or otherwise made available, to or for administration by the Department of Labor. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES For planning, acquisition of sites, and construction of new facilities; purchase and acquisition of facilities and remodeling, and equipping of such facilities for penal and correctional use, including all necessary expenses incident thereto, by contract or force account; and constructing, remodeling, and equipping necessary buildings and facilities at existing penal and correctional institutions, including all necessary expenses incident thereto, by contract or force account, $273,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $135,000,000 shall be available only for costs related to reconstruction and major repairs to facilities with geological and seismic deficiencies: Provided, That labor of United States prisoners may be used for work performed under this appropriation. FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES, INCORPORATED The Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated, is hereby authorized to make such expenditures within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available, and in accord with the law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the program set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for such corporation. LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES, FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES, INCORPORATED Not to exceed $2,700,000 of the funds of the Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated, shall be available for its administrative expenses, and for services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, to be computed on an accrual basis to be determined in accordance with the corporation's current prescribed accounting system, and such amounts shall be exclusive of depreciation, payment of claims, and expenditures which such accounting system requires to be capitalized or charged to cost of commodities acquired or produced, including selling and shipping expenses, and expenses in connection with acquisition, construction, operation, maintenance, improvement, protection, or disposition of facilities and other property belonging to the corporation or in which it has an interest. State and local law enforcement activities Office on Violence Against Women VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN PREVENTION AND PROSECUTION PROGRAMS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance for the prevention and prosecution of violence against women, as authorized by the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( 34 U.S.C. 10101 et seq. ) ( the 1968 Act ); title II of the Civil Rights Act of 1968 (commonly known as the Indian Civil Rights Act of 1968 ) ( Public Law 90–284 ) ( the Indian Civil Rights Act ); the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–322 ) ( the 1994 Act ); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 ( Public Law 101–647 ) ( the 1990 Act ); the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 ( Public Law 108–21 ); the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 ( 34 U.S.C. 11101 et seq. ) ( the 1974 Act ); the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 ( Public Law 106–386 ) ( the 2000 Act ); the Justice for All Act of 2004 ( Public Law 108–405 ) ( the 2004 Act ); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 ( Public Law 109–162 ) ( the 2005 Act ); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 ( Public Law 113–4 ) ( the 2013 Act ); the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 ( Public Law 114–22 ) ( the 2015 Act ); and the Abolish Human Trafficking Act ( Public Law 115–392 ); the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 ( Public Law 108–79 ) ( PREA ); and the Violence Against Women Act Reauthorization Act of 2022 (division W of Public Law 117–103 ) ( the 2022 Act ); and for related victims services, $700,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount provided— (1) $255,000,000 is for grants to combat violence against women, as authorized by part T of the 1968 Act, and any authorized, applicable incentive funding amounts with respect to such grants; (2) $46,000,000 is for transitional housing assistance grants for victims of domestic violence, dating violence, stalking, or sexual assault as authorized by section 40299 of the 1994 Act; (3) $17,000,000 is for a grant program to provide services to advocate for and respond to youth victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking; assistance to children and youth exposed to such violence; programs to engage men and youth in preventing such violence; and assistance to middle and high school students through education and other services related to such violence, of which $3,500,000 is to engage men and youth in preventing domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking: Provided, That 10 percent of the total amount available for this grant program shall be available for grants under the program authorized by section 2015 of the 1968 Act: Provided further, That the definitions and grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to this program; (4) $60,500,000 is for grants to encourage arrests and otherwise improve the criminal justice response to domestic violence as authorized by part U of title I the 1968 Act, of which $8,000,000 is for an initiative to promote effective policing and prosecution responses to domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking, including evaluation of the effectiveness of funded interventions ( Policing and Prosecution Initiative ); and $1,000,000 is for an initiative to enhance prosecution and investigation of online abuse and harassment ( Prosecution and Investigation of Online Abuse Initiative ): Provided, That subsections (c) and (d) of section 2101 of the 1968 Act shall not apply to the Policing and Prosecution Initiative or the Prosecution and Investigation of Online Abuse Initiative; (5) $78,500,000 is for sexual assault victims assistance, as authorized by section 41601 of the 1994 Act; (6) $15,500,000 is for grants to protect inmates and safeguard communities as authorized by section 6 of PREA: Provided, That such funds may be transferred to State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance for administration by the Office of Justice Programs; (7) $2,000,000 is for a National Deaf Services Line to provide remote services to deaf victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking: Provided, That the definitions and grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to this service line; (8) $50,000,000 is for rural domestic violence and child abuse enforcement assistance grants, as authorized by section 40295 of the 1994 Act; (9) $25,000,000 is for grants to reduce violent crimes against women on campus, as authorized by section 304 of the 2005 Act, of which $12,500,000 is for grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities, Hispanic-Serving Institutions, and Tribal colleges and universities; (10) $50,000,000 is for legal assistance for victims, as authorized by section 1201 of the 2000 Act; (11) $22,000,000 is for grants to support families in the justice system, as authorized by section 1301 of the 2000 Act; (12) $9,000,000 is for enhanced training and services to end violence against, and abuse of, women in later life, as authorized by section 40801 of the 1994 Act; (13) $12,000,000 is for education and training to end violence against, and abuse of, women with disabilities, as authorized by section 1402 of the 2000 Act; (14) $2,500,000 is for research, evaluation, and statistics of violence against women and related issues addressed by grant programs of the Office on Violence Against Women, of which, $1,000,000 is for analysis and research on violence against Indian women, including as authorized by section 904 of the 2005 Act: Provided, That such funds may be transferred to State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance for administration by the Bureau of Justice Statistics and National Institute of Justice; (15) $1,000,000 is for the National Resource Center on Workplace Responses to assist victims of domestic violence, as authorized by section 41501 of the 1994 Act; (16) $500,000 is for a national clearinghouse that provides training and technical assistance on issues relating to sexual assault of American Indian and Alaska Native women; (17) $11,000,000 is for programs to assist Tribal Governments in exercising special Tribal criminal jurisdiction, as authorized by section 204 of the Indian Civil Rights Act: Provided, That the grant conditions in section 40002(b) of the 1994 Act shall apply to grants made under such programs: Provided further, That $3,000,000 is for an initiative to support cross-designation of Tribal prosecutors as Tribal Special Assistant United States Attorneys: Provided further, That the definitions and grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to such initiative; (18) $2,500,000 is for the purposes authorized under title IV the 2015 Act (the Rape Survivor Child Custody Act ); (19) $5,000,000 is for the purposes authorized under section 205 of division W of the 2022 Act (the Abby Honold Act ); (20) $5,000,000 is for grants to State and Tribal courts to implement protection order pilot programs; (21) $20,000,000 is for grants to support access to sexual assault nurse examinations, as authorized by section 304 of title III of the 2004 Act: Provided, That the grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to this program; and for regional sexual assault investigative training academies; and (22) $10,000,000 is for local law enforcement grants for prevention, enforcement, and prosecution of cybercrimes against individuals, as authorized by sections 1401 and 1402 of the 2022 Act: Provided, That the grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to this program. Office of Justice Programs STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ASSISTANCE (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance authorized by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–322 ) ( the 1994 Act ); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( Public Law 90–351 ) ( the 1968 Act ); the Justice for All Act of 2004 ( Public Law 108–405 ); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 ( Public Law 101–647 ) ( the 1990 Act ); the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 ( Public Law 109–164 ) ( the TVPRA of 2005 ); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 ( Public Law 109–162 ) ( the 2005 Act ); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 ( Public Law 109–248 ) ( the Adam Walsh Act ); the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 ( Public Law 106–386 ) ( the Victims of Trafficking Act ); the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 ( Public Law 110–180 ); subtitle C of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( Public Law 107–296 ) ( the 2002 Act ); the Second Chance Act of 2007 ( Public Law 110–199 ); the Prioritizing Resources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–403 ); the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 ( Public Law 98–473 ); the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–416 ); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 ( Public Law 113–4 ) (“the 2013 Act”); the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–198 ) ( CARA ); the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–324 ); Kevin and Avonte’s Law (division Q of Public Law 115–141 ) ( Kevin and Avonte’s Law ); the STOP School Violence Act of 2018 (title V of division S of Public Law 115–141 ) ( the STOP School Violence Act ); the Fix NICS Act of 2018 (title VI of division S of Public Law 115–141 ); the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act ( Public Law 115–271 ); the Second Chance Reauthorization Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–391 ); the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act ( Public Law 111–84 ); the Ashanti Alert Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–401 ); the Missing Persons and Unidentified Remains Act of 2019 ( Public Law 116–277 ); the Violence Against Women Act Reauthorization Act of 2022 (division W of Public Law 117–103 ) ( the 2022 Act ); and other programs, $2,477,910,000, to remain available until expended, of which— (1) $35,000,000 is for criminal justice statistics programs, as authorized by part C of title I of the 1968 Act; (2) $25,000,000 is for research, development, and evaluation programs, of which $8,000,000 is for Research and Development in Forensic Science for Criminal Justice Purposes grants; (3) $670,510,000 is for the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant program as authorized by subpart 1 of part E of title I of the 1968 Act (except that section 1001(c), and the special rules for Puerto Rico under section 505(g), of title I of the 1968 Act shall not apply for purposes of this Act), including grants authorized by section 502(b)(1), of which, notwithstanding such subpart 1— (A) $30,000,000 is for the Patrick Leahy Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program, as authorized by section 2501 of title I of the 1968 Act: Provided, That $1,500,000 shall be transferred directly to the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s Office of Law Enforcement Standards for research, testing, and evaluation programs; (B) $20,000,000 is for a competitive matching grant program for purchases of body-worn cameras for State, local, and Tribal law enforcement; and (C) $214,463,000 is for Byrne Justice projects to assist State, local, and Tribal law enforcement efforts to enforce laws, address violent crime, increase prosecutions, improve the criminal justice system (including the correctional system), provide victims’ services, and other related activities, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified for DOJ-OJP Byrne in the table entitled, Community Project Funding , in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such amounts may not be transferred for any other purpose; (4) $234,000,000 is for the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, as authorized by section 241(I)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(I)(5)); (5) $95,000,000 is for victim services programs for victims of trafficking, as authorized by section 107(b)(2) of the Victims of Trafficking Act, by the TVPRA of 2005, or programs authorized under Public Law 113–4 , of which, $4,000,000 is for grants to prevent the trafficking of girls; (6) $95,000,000 is for grants to States to upgrade criminal and mental health records for the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, of which no less than $25,500,000 shall be for grants made under the authorities of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 ( Public Law 110–180 ) and Fix NICS Act of 2018; (7) $195,000,000 is for DNA-related and forensic programs and activities, of which— (A) $130,000,000 is for the purposes authorized under section 2 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 ( Public Law 106–546 ) (the Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program): Provided, That up to 4 percent of funds made available under this paragraph may be used for the purposes described in the DNA Training and Education for Law Enforcement, Correctional Personnel, and Court Officers program ( Public Law 108–405 , section 303); and (B) $55,000,000 is for community-based grant programs to improve the response to sexual assault and assistance for investigation and prosecution of related cold cases; (8) $20,000,000 is for grants for wrongful conviction review and for the purposes described in the Kirk Bloodsworth Post-Conviction DNA Testing Grant Program ( Public Law 108–405 , section 412); (9) $35,000,000 is for Paul Coverdell Forensic Sciences Improvement Grants under part BB of title I of the 1968 Act; of which $2,500,000 is for grants to strengthen the medical examiner-coroner system; (10) $80,000,000 is for assistance to Indian Tribes, of which— (A) $31,500,000 is for improving Tribal law enforcement, including hiring, equipment, training; (B) $14,000,000 is for a Tribal Youth Program; and (C) $3,000,000 is to support the Tribal Access Program; (11) $115,000,000 is for offender reentry programs and research, as authorized by the Second Chance Act of 2007 ( Public Law 110–199 ) and by the Second Chance Reauthorization Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–391 ), without regard to the time limitations specified at section 6(1) of such Act, of which— (A) $19,000,000 is for the justice reinvestment initiative, as implemented in fiscal year 2014, for activities related to criminal justice reform and recidivism reduction: Provided, That no funds are used to support initiatives that promote the closing and repurposing of youth detention facilities; (B) $10,000,000 is for a grant program for crisis stabilization and community reentry, as authorized by the Crisis Stabilization and Community Reentry Act of 2020 ( Public Law 116–281 ); and (C) $5,000,000 is for grants to enhance and maintain parental and family relationships for incarcerated parents as a reentry or recidivism reduction strategy; (12) $445,000,000 is for comprehensive opioid use reduction activities, including as authorized by CARA, and for the following programs, which shall address opioid, stimulant, and substance use disorders consistent with underlying program authorities, of which— (A) $95,000,000 is for Drug Courts, as authorized by section 1001(a)(25)(A) of title I of the 1968 Act; (B) $45,000,000 is for mental health courts and adult and juvenile collaboration program grants, as authorized by parts V and HH of title I of the 1968 Act, and the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–416 ); (C) $45,000,000 is for grants for Residential Substance Abuse Treatment for State Prisoners, as authorized by part S of title I of the 1968 Act; (D) $35,000,000 is for a veterans treatment courts program; (E) $35,000,000 is for a program to monitor prescription drugs and scheduled listed chemical products; and (F) $190,000,000 is for a comprehensive opioid, stimulant, and substance use disorder program, of which— (i) $20,000,000 is for grants for local and regional efforts to prevent substance use and misuse: Provided, That priority is given to non-profit organizations implementing comprehensive approaches to combatting substance abuse, including investigations, treatment, and education; (ii) $17,000,000 is for forensic support for opioid and synthetic drug investigations; and (iii) $12,500,000 is for an initiative relating to youth affected by opioids, stimulants, and substance use disorder; (13) $82,000,000 is for grants to be administered by the Bureau of Justice Assistance for purposes authorized under the STOP School Violence Act; (14) $3,000,000 is for grants to State and local law enforcement agencies for the expenses associated with the investigation and prosecution of criminal offenses involving civil rights, as authorized by the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthorization Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–325 ); (15) $55,000,000 is for formula grants authorized by section 221 of the 1974 Act; (16) $107,000,000 is for youth mentoring grants; (17) $41,000,000 is for programs authorized by the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990, of which $4,000,000 is for grants to improve the judicial system’s handling of child abuse and neglect cases, as authorized by section 222 of the 1990 Act; (18) $15,000,000 is for the court-appointed special advocate program, as authorized by section 217 of the 1990 Act; (19) $130,400,000 is for missing and exploited Americans programs, of which— (A) $42,000,000 is for missing and exploited children activities, as authorized by sections 404(b) and 405(a) of the 1974 Act (except that section 102(b)(4)(B) of the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–401 ) shall not apply for purposes of this Act); (B) $52,000,000 is for Internet crimes against children task forces, as authorized by the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008; (C) $18,000,000 is for sex offender management assistance, as authorized by the Adam Walsh Act, and related activities, of which $1,000,000 for the National Sex Offender Public Website; (D) $6,000,000 is for the operation, maintenance, and expansion of the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System; (E) $5,000,000 is for grants authorized under the Missing Persons and Unidentified Remains Act of 2019 ( Public Law 116–277 ); (F) $2,000,000 is for the Missing Americans Alert Program (title XXIV of the 1994 Act), as amended by Kevin and Avonte’s Law; and (G) $1,000,000 is for the purposes of the Ashanti Alert Communications Network as authorized under the Ashanti Alert Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–401 ). Provided, That, if a unit of local government uses any of the funds made available under this heading to increase the number of law enforcement officers, the unit of local government will achieve a net gain in the number of law enforcement officers who perform non-administrative public sector safety service: Provided further, That in the spending plan submitted pursuant to section 528 of this Act, the Office of Justice Programs shall specifically and explicitly identify all changes in the administration of competitive grant programs for fiscal year 2024, including changes to applicant eligibility, priority areas or weightings, and the application review process. PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICER BENEFITS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For payments and expenses authorized under section 1001(a)(4) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, such sums as are necessary (including amounts for administrative costs), to remain available until expended; and $34,800,000 for payments authorized by section 1201(b) of such Act and for educational assistance authorized by section 1218 of such Act, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for such disability and education payments, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to Public Safety Officer Benefits from available appropriations for the Department of Justice as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. Community oriented policing services COMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING SERVICES PROGRAMS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For activities authorized by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–322 ); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( the 1968 Act ); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 ( Public Law 109–162 ) (“the 2005 Act”); the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of 2017 ( Public Law 115–37 ); the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act of 2017 ( Public Law 115–113 ) ( the LEMHW Act ); the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act ( Public Law 115–271 ); the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–185 ); and the Supporting and Treating Officers In Crisis Act of 2019 ( Public Law 116–32 ) ( the STOIC Act ), $670,606,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That any balances made available through prior year deobligations shall only be available in accordance with section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That of the amount provided under this heading— (1) $330,950,000 is for grants under section 1701 of title I of the 1968 Act ( 34 U.S.C. 10381 ) for the hiring and rehiring of additional career law enforcement officers under part Q of such title notwithstanding subsection (i) of such section: Provided , That, notwithstanding section 1704(c) of such title ( 34 U.S.C. 10384(c) ), funding for hiring or rehiring a career law enforcement officer may not exceed $125,000 unless the Director of the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services grants a waiver from this limitation: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this paragraph, $100,000,000 is for grants for law enforcement activities associated with the presidential nominating conventions; (2) $50,000,000 is for regional information sharing activities, as authorized by part M of title I of the 1968 Act, which may be transferred to and merged with State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance for administration by the Office of Justice Programs; (3) $10,000,000 is for training, peer mentoring, mental health program activities, and other support services as authorized under the LEMHW Act and part W of title I of the 1968 Act; (4) $20,000,000 is for a grant program for State and local law enforcement to provide officer training on responding to individuals with mental illness or disabilities and for co-responder teams and an Officer Robert Wilson III memorial initiative on Preventing Violence Against Law Enforcement and Ensuring Officer Resilience and Survivability (VALOR); (5) $12,890,000 is for activities authorized by the POLICE Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–199 ); (6) $53,000,000 is for competitive grants to be administered by the Community Oriented Policing Services Office for purposes authorized under the STOP School Violence Act (title V of division S of Public Law 115–141 ); (7) $20,000,000 is for grants authorized under the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Authorization Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–185 ), which may be transferred to and merged with State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance for administration by the Office of Justice Programs, of which, $8,000,000 is for a rural violent crime initiative, including assistance for law enforcement; and (8) $173,766,000 is for a law enforcement technologies and equipment grant program, which shall be used for the projects, and in the amounts, specified for DOJ-COPS Tech in the table entitled, Community Project Funding , in the report accompanying this Act: Provided , That such amounts may not be transferred for any other purpose: Provided further, That grants funded by such amounts shall not be subject to section 1703 of title I of the 1968 Act ( 34 U.S.C. 10383 ). General provisions—Department of justice (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 201. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this title for official reception and representation expenses, a total of not to exceed $50,000 from funds appropriated to the Department of Justice in this title shall be available to the Attorney General for official reception and representation expenses. 202. None of the funds appropriated by this title shall be available to pay for an abortion, except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or in the case of rape or incest: Provided, That should this prohibition be declared unconstitutional by a court of competent jurisdiction, this section shall be null and void. 203. None of the funds appropriated under this title shall be used to require any person to perform, or facilitate in any way the performance of, any abortion. 204. Nothing in the preceding section shall remove the obligation of the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to provide escort services necessary for a female inmate to receive such service outside the Federal facility: Provided, That nothing in this section in any way diminishes the effect of section 203 intended to address the philosophical beliefs of individual employees of the Bureau of Prisons. 205. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to the following— (1) paragraph (23) under the heading State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance ; and (2) paragraph (4) under the heading Community Oriented Policing Services Programs . 206. None of the funds made available under this title may be used by the Federal Bureau of Prisons or the United States Marshals Service for the purpose of transporting an individual who is a prisoner pursuant to conviction for crime under State or Federal law and is classified as a maximum or high security prisoner, other than to a prison or other facility certified by the Federal Bureau of Prisons as appropriately secure for housing such a prisoner. 207. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by Federal prisons to purchase cable television services, or to rent or purchase audiovisual or electronic media or equipment used primarily for recreational purposes. (b) Subsection (a) does not preclude the rental, maintenance, or purchase of audiovisual or electronic media or equipment for inmate training, religious, or educational programs. 208. None of the funds made available under this title shall be obligated or expended for any new or enhanced information technology program having total estimated development costs in excess of $100,000,000, unless the Deputy Attorney General and the investment review board certify to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the information technology program has appropriate program management controls and contractor oversight mechanisms in place, and that the program is compatible with the enterprise architecture of the Department of Justice. 209. The notification thresholds and procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act shall apply to deviations from the amounts designated for specific activities in this Act and in the report accompanying this Act, and to any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this title in previous years. 210. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to plan for, begin, continue, finish, process, or approve a public-private competition under the Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 or any successor administrative regulation, directive, or policy for work performed by employees of the Bureau of Prisons or of Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated. 211. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds shall be available for the salary, benefits, or expenses of any United States Attorney assigned dual or additional responsibilities by the Attorney General or his designee that exempt that United States Attorney from the residency requirements of section 545 of title 28, United States Code. 212. (a) Subject to subsection (b), with respect to funds made available under this title for grant or reimbursement programs under the headings Office on Violence Against Women , State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance , and Community Oriented Policing Services — (1) up to 1 percent of funds may be transferred to and merged with funds provided to the National Institute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statistics, to be used for program evaluation purposes; and (2) not less than 0.4 percent of funds shall be transferred to the Office of Inspector General and remain available until expended for oversight and auditing purposes associated with programs administered under such accounts. (b) This section shall not apply to— (1) paragraph (3)(C) under the heading State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance ; (2) paragraph (8) under the heading Community Oriented Policing Services ; or (3) any program for which funds are otherwise available, or authorized to be made available, by law for the purposes designated in subsection (a). 213. Upon request by a grantee for whom the Attorney General has determined there is a fiscal hardship, the Attorney General may, with respect to funds appropriated in this or any other Act making appropriations for fiscal years 2021 through 2024 for the following programs, waive the following requirements: (1) For the adult and juvenile offender State and local reentry demonstration projects under part FF of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( 34 U.S.C. 10631 et seq. ), the requirements under section 2976(g)(1) of such part ( 34 U.S.C. 10631(g)(1) ). (2) For grants to protect inmates and safeguard communities as authorized by section 6 of the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 ( 34 U.S.C. 30305(c)(3) ), the requirements of section 6(c)(3) of such Act. 214. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, section 20109(a) of subtitle A of title II of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 ( 34 U.S.C. 12109(a) ) and section 506(b)(1) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( 34 U.S.C. 10157 ) shall not apply to amounts made available by this or any other Act. 215. None of the funds made available under this Act, other than for the national instant criminal background check system established under section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act ( 34 U.S.C. 40901 ), may be used by a Federal law enforcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel, unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. 216. (a) None of the income retained in the Department of Justice Working Capital Fund pursuant to title I of Public Law 102–140 (105 Stat. 784; 28 U.S.C. 527 note) shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2024, except up to $12,000,000 may be obligated for implementation of a unified Department of Justice financial management system. (b) Not to exceed $30,000,000 of the unobligated balances transferred to the capital account of the Department of Justice Working Capital Fund pursuant to title I of Public Law 102–140 (105 Stat. 784; 28 U.S.C. 527 note) shall be available for obligation in fiscal year 2024, and any use, obligation, transfer, or allocation of such funds shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act. (c) Not to exceed $10,000,000 of the excess unobligated balances available under section 524(c)(8)(E) of title 28, United States Code, shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2024, and any use, obligation, transfer or allocation of such funds shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act. 217. The Attorney General shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate quarterly reports on the Crime Victims Fund, the Working Capital Fund, the Three Percent Fund, and the Asset Forfeiture Fund. Such quarterly reports shall contain at least the same level of information and detail for each Fund as was provided to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in fiscal year 2022. 218. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to conduct, contract for, or otherwise support, live tissue training, unless the Attorney General issues a written, non-delegable determination that such training is medically necessary and cannot be replicated by alternatives. 219. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall issue— (1) an Environmental Impact Statement and Record of Decision for the proposed Federal Bureau of Prisons facilities in Letcher County, Kentucky, substantially in the form of the Record of Decision issued by the Federal Bureau of Prisons on April 12, 2018; and (2) all studies, statements, and other authorizations that are necessary for the construction, operation, and maintenance of the proposed Federal Bureau of Prisons facilities in Letcher County, Kentucky, substantially in the form approved in the Record of Decision of the Federal Bureau of Prisons dated April 12, 2018. (b) The actions of the Attorney General and Director of the Federal Bureau of Prisons that are necessary for the construction and operation of the proposed Federal Bureau of Prisons facility in Letcher County, Kentucky shall not be subject to judicial review. This title may be cited as the Department of Justice Appropriations Act, 2024 . III SCIENCE Office of science and technology policy For necessary expenses of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, in carrying out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Policy, Organization, and Priorities Act of 1976 ( 42 U.S.C. 6601 et seq. ), hire of passenger motor vehicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, $5,544,000. National space council For necessary expenses of the National Space Council, in carrying out the purposes of title V of Public Law 100–685 and Executive Order No. 13803, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, not to exceed $2,250 for official reception and representation expenses, $1,865,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the National Space Council may accept personnel support from Federal agencies, departments, and offices, and such Federal agencies, departments, and offices may detail staff without reimbursement to the National Space Council for purposes provided herein. National aeronautics and space administration SCIENCE For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of science research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $7,380,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. AERONAUTICS For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of aeronautics research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $945,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. SPACE TECHNOLOGY For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of space technology research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $1,205,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That $227,000,000 shall be for On-orbit Servicing, Assembly, and Manufacturing 1: Provided further, That $110,000,000 shall be for the development, production, and demonstration of a nuclear thermal propulsion system, of which not less than $45,000,000 shall be for reactor development, not less than $45,000,000 shall be for fuel materials development, and not less than $20,000,000 shall be for non-nuclear systems development and acquisition planning: Provided further, That, not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall provide a plan for the design of a flight demonstration. EXPLORATION For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of Artemis Campaign Development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $7,971,091,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That not less than $1,225,000,000 shall be for the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle: Provided further, That not less than $2,506,100,000 shall be for the Space Launch System (SLS) launch vehicle, which shall have a lift capability not less than 130 metric tons and which shall have core elements and an Exploration Upper Stage developed simultaneously to be used to the maximum extent practicable, including for Earth to Moon missions and Moon landings: Provided further, That of the amounts provided for SLS, not less than $600,000,000 shall be for SLS Block 1B development including the Exploration Upper Stage and associated systems including related facilitization, to support an SLS Block 1B mission available to launch in 2025 in addition to the planned Block 1 missions for Artemis I through Artemis III: Provided further, That $794,200,000 shall be for Exploration Ground Systems and associated Block 1B activities, including up to $501,800,000 for a second mobile launch platform: Provided further, That the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, concurrent with the annual budget submission, a 5-year budget profile for an integrated system that includes the SLS, the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, and associated ground systems that will ensure a crewed launch as early as possible, as well as a system-based funding profile for a sustained launch cadence that contemplates the use of an SLS Block 1B cargo variant with an 8.4 meter fairing and associated ground systems: Provided further, That $3,234,900,000 shall be for Artemis Campaign Development. SPACE OPERATIONS For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of space operations research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support and services; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities, including operations, production, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $4,344,609,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATHEMATICS ENGAGEMENT For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of aerospace and aeronautical education research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $89,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, of which $29,000,000 shall be for the Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research and $60,000,000 shall be for the National Space Grant College and Fellowship Program. SAFETY, SECURITY AND MISSION SERVICES For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of science, aeronautics, space technology, exploration, space operations and education research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $63,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $3,135,451,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That if available balances in the Science, Space, and Technology Education Trust Fund are not sufficient to provide for the grant disbursements required under the third and fourth provisos under such heading in the Department of Housing and Urban Development-Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1989 ( Public Law 100–404 ) as amended by the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1995 ( Public Law 103–327 ) up to $1,000,000 shall be available from amounts made available under this heading to make such grant disbursements: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $36,261,000 shall be used for the projects, and in the amounts, specified for NASA-SSMS in the table entitled, Community Project Funding , in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That the amounts made available for the projects referenced in the preceding proviso may not be transferred for any other purpose. CONSTRUCTION AND ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND RESTORATION For necessary expenses for construction of facilities including repair, rehabilitation, revitalization, and modification of facilities, construction of new facilities and additions to existing facilities, facility planning and design, and restoration, and acquisition or condemnation of real property, as authorized by law, and environmental compliance and restoration, $247,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Provided, That proceeds from leases deposited into this account shall be available for a period of 5 years to the extent and in amounts as provided in annual appropriations Acts: Provided further, That such proceeds referred to in the preceding proviso shall be available for obligation for fiscal year 2024 in an amount not to exceed $25,000,000: Provided further, That each annual budget request shall include an annual estimate of gross receipts and collections and proposed use of all funds collected pursuant to section 20145 of title 51, United States Code. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, $47,600,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) Funds for any announced prize otherwise authorized shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until a prize is claimed or the offer is withdrawn. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. Any funds transferred to Construction and Environmental Compliance and Restoration for construction activities shall not increase that account by more than 15 percent and any funds transferred to or within Exploration for Exploration Ground Systems shall not increase Exploration Ground Systems by more than $49,300,000. Balances so transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred. Any transfer pursuant to this provision shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation provided for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration under previous appropriations Acts that remains available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2023 may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. Any transfer pursuant to this provision shall retain its original availability and shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. The spending plan required by this Act shall be provided by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration at the theme, program, project, and activity level. The spending plan, as well as any subsequent change of an amount established in that spending plan that meets the notification requirements of section 505 of this Act, shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. Not more than 20 percent or $50,000,000, whichever is less, of the amounts made available in the current-year Construction and Environmental Compliance and Restoration (CECR) appropriation may be applied to CECR projects funded under previous years’ CECR appropriations. Use of current-year funds under this provision shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. Of the amounts made available in this Act under the heading Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Engagement ( STEM Engagement ), up to $5,000,000 shall be available to jointly fund, with an additional amount of up to $1,000,000 each from amounts made available in this Act under the headings Science , Aeronautics , Space Technology , Exploration , and Space Operations , projects and activities for engaging students in STEM and increasing STEM research capacities of universities, including Minority Serving Institutions. Not to exceed $18,162,000 made available for the current fiscal year in this Act within Safety, Security and Mission Services may be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Balances so transferred shall be available until expended only for activities described in section 30102(b)(3) of title 51, United States Code, as amended by this Act, and shall remain available until expended. Any transfer pursuant to this provision shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. National science foundation RESEARCH AND RELATED ACTIVITIES For necessary expenses in carrying out the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 ( 42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq. ), and Public Law 86–209 ( 42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq. ); services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; maintenance and operation of aircraft and purchase of flight services for research support; acquisition of aircraft; and authorized travel; $7,866,646,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025, of which not to exceed $680,000,000 shall remain available until expended for polar research and operations support, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for operational and science support and logistical and other related activities for the United States Antarctic program: Provided, That receipts for scientific support services and materials furnished by the National Research Centers and other National Science Foundation supported research facilities may be credited to this appropriation. MAJOR RESEARCH EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES CONSTRUCTION For necessary expenses for the acquisition, construction, commissioning, and upgrading of major research equipment, facilities, and other such capital assets pursuant to the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 ( 42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq. ), including authorized travel, $254,000,000, to remain available until expended. STEM EDUCATION For necessary expenses in carrying out science, mathematics, and engineering education and human resources programs and activities pursuant to the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 ( 42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq. ), including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, authorized travel, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, $1,006,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2025. AGENCY OPERATIONS AND AWARD MANAGEMENT For agency operations and award management necessary in carrying out the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 ( 42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq. ); services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia; and reimbursement of the Department of Homeland Security for security guard services; $472,000,000: Provided, That not to exceed $8,280 is for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That contracts may be entered into under this heading in fiscal year 2024 for maintenance and operation of facilities and for other services to be provided during the next fiscal year. OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL SCIENCE BOARD For necessary expenses (including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of passenger motor vehicles, the rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, and the employment of experts and consultants under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code) involved in carrying out section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 ( 42 U.S.C. 1863 ) and Public Law 86–209 ( 42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq. ), $4,600,000: Provided, That not to exceed $2,500 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General as authorized by the Inspector General Act of 1978, $26,810,000, of which $400,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the National Science Foundation in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. Any transfer pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. The Director of the National Science Foundation (NSF) shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 30 days in advance of any planned divestment through transfer, decommissioning, termination, or deconstruction of any NSF-owned facilities or any NSF capital assets (including land, structures, and equipment) valued greater than $2,500,000. This title may be cited as the Science Appropriations Act, 2024 . IV RELATED AGENCIES Commission on civil rights SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Commission on Civil Rights, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, $13,000,000: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used to employ any individuals under Schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations exclusive of one special assistant for each Commissioner: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be used to reimburse Commissioners for more than 75 billable days, with the exception of the chairperson, who is permitted 125 billable days: Provided further, That the Chair may accept and use any gift or donation to carry out the work of the Commission: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be used for any activity or expense that is not explicitly authorized by section 3 of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983 ( 42 U.S.C. 1975a ). Equal employment opportunity commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission as authorized by title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA) of 2008 ( Public Law 110–233 ), the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–325 ), and the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 ( Public Law 111–2 ), including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by section 1343(b) of title 31, United States Code; nonmonetary awards to private citizens; and up to $31,500,000 for payments to State and local enforcement agencies for authorized services to the Commission, $420,000,000: Provided, That the Commission is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $2,250 from available funds: Provided further, That the Commission may take no action to implement any workforce repositioning, restructuring, or reorganization until such time as the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate have been notified of such proposals, in accordance with the reprogramming requirements of section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That the Chair may accept and use any gift or donation to carry out the work of the Commission. International trade commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the International Trade Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and not to exceed $2,250 for official reception and representation expenses, $122,400,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That none of the funds made available under this heading may be expended by the International Trade Commission to conduct Section 337 investigations asserting patent infringement, until the Commission implements a standing rule requiring each party to disclose the real parties in interest in all Section 337 patent litigation to ensure, inter alia, disclosure of any and all beneficial owners and investors in the litigation. Legal services corporation PAYMENT TO THE LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION For payment to the Legal Services Corporation to carry out the purposes of the Legal Services Corporation Act of 1974, $489,000,000, of which $448,250,000 is for basic field programs and required independent audits; $6,000,000 is for the Office of Inspector General, of which such amounts as may be necessary may be used to conduct additional audits of recipients; $24,000,000 is for management and grants oversight; $4,500,000 is for client self-help and information technology; $4,250,000 is for a Pro Bono Innovation Fund; and $2,000,000 is for loan repayment assistance: Provided, That the Legal Services Corporation may continue to provide locality pay to officers and employees at a rate no greater than that provided by the Federal Government to Washington, DC-based employees as authorized by section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, notwithstanding section 1005(d) of the Legal Services Corporation Act ( 42 U.S.C. 2996d(d) ): Provided further, That the authorities provided in section 205 of this Act shall be applicable to the Legal Services Corporation: Provided further, That, for the purposes of section 505 of this Act, the Legal Services Corporation shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION—LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION None of the funds appropriated in this Act to the Legal Services Corporation shall be expended for any purpose prohibited or limited by, or contrary to any of the provisions of, sections 501, 502, 503, 504, 505, and 506 of Public Law 105–119 , and all funds appropriated in this Act to the Legal Services Corporation shall be subject to the same terms and conditions set forth in such sections, except that all references in sections 502 and 503 to 1997 and 1998 shall be deemed to refer instead to 2023 and 2024, respectively. Marine mammal commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Marine Mammal Commission as authorized by title II of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 ( 16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq. ), $4,200,000. Office of the united states trade representative SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Office of the United States Trade Representative, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles and the employment of experts and consultants as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $56,000,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, not to exceed $124,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. TRADE ENFORCEMENT TRUST FUND (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For activities of the United States Trade Representative authorized by section 611 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 ( 19 U.S.C. 4405 ), including transfers, $15,000,000, to be derived from the Trade Enforcement Trust Fund: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to subsection (d)(1) of such section shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act. State justice institute SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the State Justice Institute, as authorized by the State Justice Institute Act of 1984 ( 42 U.S.C. 10701 et seq. ) $5,971,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025: Provided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That, for the purposes of section 505 of this Act, the State Justice Institute shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. V GENERAL PROVISIONS (INCLUDING RESCISSIONS) (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 501. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. 502. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. 503. The expenditure of any appropriation under this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract, pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. 504. If any provision of this Act or the application of such provision to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid, the remainder of the Act and the application of each provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid shall not be affected thereby. 505. None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2024, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes or renames offices, programs, or activities; (6) contracts out or privatizes any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; (7) augments existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, or reduces by 10 percent funding for any program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent; or (8) results from any general savings, including savings from a reduction in personnel, which would result in a change in existing programs, projects, or activities as approved by Congress; unless the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds. 506. (a) If it has been finally determined by a court or Federal agency that any person intentionally affixed a label bearing a Made in America inscription, or any inscription with the same meaning, to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in the United States, the person shall be ineligible to receive any contract or subcontract made with funds made available in this Act, pursuant to the debarment, suspension, and ineligibility procedures described in sections 9.400 through 9.409 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) (1) To the extent practicable, with respect to authorized purchases of promotional items, funds made available by this Act shall be used to purchase items that are manufactured, produced, or assembled in the United States, its territories or possessions. (2) The term promotional items has the meaning given the term in OMB Circular A–87, Attachment B, Item (1)(f)(3). 507. (a) The Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Science Foundation, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a quarterly report on the status of balances of appropriations at the account level. For unobligated, uncommitted balances and unobligated, committed balances the quarterly reports shall separately identify the amounts attributable to each source year of appropriation from which the balances were derived. For balances that are obligated, but unexpended, the quarterly reports shall separately identify amounts by the year of obligation. (b) The report described in subsection (a) shall be submitted within 30 days of the end of each quarter. (c) If a department or agency is unable to fulfill any aspect of a reporting requirement described in subsection (a) due to a limitation of a current accounting system, the department or agency shall fulfill such aspect to the maximum extent practicable under such accounting system and shall identify and describe in each quarterly report the extent to which such aspect is not fulfilled. 508. Any costs incurred by a department or agency funded under this Act resulting from, or to prevent, personnel actions taken in response to funding reductions included in this Act shall be absorbed within the total budgetary resources available to such department or agency: Provided, That the authority to transfer funds between appropriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addition to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That use of funds to carry out this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That for the Department of Commerce, this section shall also apply to actions taken for the care and protection of loan collateral or grant property. 509. None of the funds provided by this Act shall be available to promote the sale or export of tobacco or tobacco products, or to seek the reduction or removal by any foreign country of restrictions on the marketing of tobacco or tobacco products, except for restrictions which are not applied equally to all tobacco or tobacco products of the same type. 510. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, amounts deposited or available in the Fund established by section 1402 of chapter XIV of title II of Public Law 98–473 ( 34 U.S.C. 20101 ) in any fiscal year in excess of $1,200,000,000 shall not be available for obligation until the following fiscal year: Provided, That notwithstanding section 1402(d) of such Act, of the amounts available from the Fund for obligation: (1) $7,500,000 shall be transferred to the Department of Justice Office of Inspector General and remain available until expended for oversight and auditing purposes associated with this section; and (2) 5 percent shall be available to the Office for Victims of Crime for grants, consistent with the requirements of the Victims of Crime Act, to Indian Tribes to improve services for victims of crime. 511. None of the funds made available to the Department of Justice in this Act may be used to discriminate against or denigrate the religious or moral beliefs of students who participate in programs for which financial assistance is provided from those funds, or of the parents or legal guardians of such students. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. 513. (a) The Inspectors General of the Department of Commerce, the Department of Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Science Foundation, and the Legal Services Corporation shall conduct audits, pursuant to the Inspector General Act (5 U.S.C. App.), of grants or contracts for which funds are appropriated by this Act, and shall submit reports to Congress on the progress of such audits, which may include preliminary findings and a description of areas of particular interest, within 180 days after initiating such an audit and every 180 days thereafter until any such audit is completed. (b) Within 60 days after the date on which an audit described in subsection (a) by an Inspector General is completed, the Secretary, Attorney General, Administrator, Director, or President, as appropriate, shall make the results of the audit available to the public on the Internet website maintained by the Department, Administration, Foundation, or Corporation, respectively. The results shall be made available in redacted form to exclude— (1) any matter described in section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code; and (2) sensitive personal information for any individual, the public access to which could be used to commit identity theft or for other inappropriate or unlawful purposes. (c) Any person awarded a grant or contract funded by amounts appropriated by this Act shall submit a statement to the Secretary of Commerce, the Attorney General, the Administrator, Director, or President, as appropriate, certifying that no funds derived from the grant or contract will be made available through a subcontract or in any other manner to another person who has a financial interest in the person awarded the grant or contract. (d) The provisions of the preceding subsections of this section shall take effect 30 days after the date on which the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Government Ethics, determines that a uniform set of rules and requirements, substantially similar to the requirements in such subsections, consistently apply under the executive branch ethics program to all Federal departments, agencies, and entities. 514. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or the National Science Foundation to acquire a high-impact or moderate-impact information system, as defined for security categorization in the National Institute of Standards and Technology's (NIST) Federal Information Processing Standard Publication 199, Standards for Security Categorization of Federal Information and Information Systems unless the agency has— (1) reviewed the supply chain risk for the information systems against criteria developed by NIST and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to inform acquisition decisions for high-impact and moderate-impact information systems within the Federal Government; (2) reviewed the supply chain risk from the presumptive awardee against available and relevant threat information provided by the FBI and other appropriate agencies; and (3) in consultation with the FBI or other appropriate Federal entity, conducted an assessment of any risk of cyber-espionage or sabotage associated with the acquisition of such system, including any risk associated with such system being produced, manufactured, or assembled by one or more entities identified by the United States Government as posing a cyber threat, including but not limited to, those that may be owned, directed, or subsidized by the People's Republic of China, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, or the Russian Federation. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used to acquire a high-impact or moderate-impact information system reviewed and assessed under subsection (a) unless the head of the assessing entity described in subsection (a) has— (1) developed, in consultation with NIST, the FBI, and supply chain risk management experts, a mitigation strategy for any identified risks; (2) determined, in consultation with NIST and the FBI, that the acquisition of such system is in the national interest of the United States; and (3) reported that determination to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the agency Inspector General. 515. None of the funds made available in this Act shall be used in any way whatsoever to support or justify the use of torture by any official or contract employee of the United States Government. 516. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to include in any new bilateral or multilateral trade agreement the text of— (1) paragraph 2 of article 16.7 of the United States–Singapore Free Trade Agreement; (2) paragraph 4 of article 17.9 of the United States–Australia Free Trade Agreement; or (3) paragraph 4 of article 15.9 of the United States–Morocco Free Trade Agreement. 517. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to authorize or issue a national security letter in contravention of any of the following laws authorizing the Federal Bureau of Investigation to issue national security letters: The Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978; The Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986; The Fair Credit Reporting Act; The National Security Act of 1947; USA PATRIOT Act; USA FREEDOM Act of 2015; and the laws amended by these Acts. 518. If at any time during any quarter, the program manager of a project within the jurisdiction of the Departments of Commerce or Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or the National Science Foundation totaling more than $75,000,000 has reasonable cause to believe that the total program cost has increased by 10 percent or more, the program manager shall immediately inform the respective Secretary, Administrator, or Director. The Secretary, Administrator, or Director shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations within 30 days in writing of such increase, and shall include in such notice: the date on which such determination was made; a statement of the reasons for such increases; the action taken and proposed to be taken to control future cost growth of the project; changes made in the performance or schedule milestones and the degree to which such changes have contributed to the increase in total program costs or procurement costs; new estimates of the total project or procurement costs; and a statement validating that the project's management structure is adequate to control total project or procurement costs. 519. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence or intelligence related activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3094 ) during fiscal year 2024 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2024. 520. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enter into a contract in an amount greater than $5,000,000 or to award a grant in excess of such amount unless the prospective contractor or grantee certifies in writing to the agency awarding the contract or grant that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, the contractor or grantee has filed all Federal tax returns required during the three years preceding the certification, has not been convicted of a criminal offense under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and has not, more than 90 days prior to certification, been notified of any unpaid Federal tax assessment for which the liability remains unsatisfied, unless the assessment is the subject of an installment agreement or offer in compromise that has been approved by the Internal Revenue Service and is not in default, or the assessment is the subject of a non-frivolous administrative or judicial proceeding. (RESCISSIONS) 521. (a) Of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available to the Department of Commerce under the heading Economic Development Administration, Economic Development Assistance Programs , $25,000,000 are hereby permanently cancelled, not later than September 30, 2024. (b) Of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available to the Department of Justice, the following funds are hereby permanently rescinded, not later than September 30, 2024, from the following accounts in the specified amounts— (1) State and Local Law Enforcement Activities, Office on Violence Against Women, Violence Against Women Prevention and Prosecution Programs , $5,000,000; (2) State and Local Law Enforcement Activities, Office of Justice Programs , $120,000,000; and (3) State and Local Law Enforcement Activities, Community Oriented Policing Services , $15,000,000. (c) Of the unobligated balances available to the Department of Justice, Working Capital Fund , $82,572,000 is hereby permanently rescinded. (d) The Departments of Commerce and Justice shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report no later than September 1, 2023, specifying the amount of each rescission made pursuant to subsections (a), (b), (c) and (d). (e) Of the unobligated balances available in Public Law 117–169 , $12,900,000,000 available under section 10301(1)(A)(ii) and $9,125,000,000 available under section 10301(1)(A)(iii) as of the date of the enactment of this Act are rescinded. (f) The amounts rescinded in subsections (a), (b), (c) and (d) shall not be from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency or disaster relief requirement pursuant to the concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (g) The amounts rescinded pursuant to subsections (c) and (d) shall not be from amounts provided under— (1) subparagraph (Q) of paragraph (1) under the heading State and Local Law Enforcement Activities—Office of Justice Programs—State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance in title II of division B of Public Law 117–103 ; (2) paragraph (7) under the heading State and Local Law Enforcement Activities—Community Oriented Policing Services—Community Oriented Policing Services Programs in title II of division B of Public Law 117–103 ; (3) subparagraph (Q) of paragraph (1) under the heading “State and Local Law Enforcement Activities—Office of Justice Programs—State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance” in title II of division B of Public Law 117–328 ; or (4) amounts provided under paragraph (7) under the heading “State and Local Law Enforcement Activities—Community Oriented Policing Services—Community Oriented Policing Services Programs” in title II of division B of Public Law 117–328 . 522. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to purchase first class or premium airline travel in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 523. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to send or otherwise pay for the attendance of more than 50 employees from a Federal department or agency, who are stationed in the United States, at any single conference occurring outside the United States unless— (1) such conference is a law enforcement training or operational conference for law enforcement personnel and the majority of Federal employees in attendance are law enforcement personnel stationed outside the United States; or (2) such conference is a scientific conference and the department or agency head determines that such attendance is in the national interest and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within at least 15 days of that determination and the basis for that determination. 524. The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall instruct any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States receiving funds appropriated under this Act to track undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts and include in its annual performance plan and performance and accountability reports the following: (1) Details on future action the department, agency, or instrumentality will take to resolve undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts. (2) The method that the department, agency, or instrumentality uses to track undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts. (3) Identification of undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts that may be returned to the Treasury of the United States. (4) In the preceding 3 fiscal years, details on the total number of expired grant accounts with undisbursed balances (on the first day of each fiscal year) for the department, agency, or instrumentality and the total finances that have not been obligated to a specific project remaining in the accounts. 525. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to move the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) Canine Training Center or the ATF National Canine Division from Front Royal, Virginia, to another location. 526. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP), or the National Space Council (NSC) to develop, design, plan, promulgate, implement, or execute a bilateral policy, program, order, or contract of any kind to participate, collaborate, or coordinate bilaterally in any way with China or any Chinese-owned company unless such activities are specifically authorized by a law enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to effectuate the hosting of official Chinese visitors at facilities belonging to or utilized by NASA. (c) The limitations described in subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to activities which NASA, OSTP, or NSC, after consultation with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, have certified— (1) pose no risk of resulting in the transfer of technology, data, or other information with national security or economic security implications to China or a Chinese-owned company; and (2) will not involve knowing interactions with officials who have been determined by the United States to have direct involvement with violations of human rights. (d) Any certification made under subsection (c) shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, no later than 30 days prior to the activity in question and shall include a description of the purpose of the activity, its agenda, its major participants, and its location and timing. 527. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, adjudication, or other law enforcement- or victim assistance-related activity. 528. The Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Science Foundation, the Commission on Civil Rights, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the International Trade Commission, the Legal Services Corporation, the Marine Mammal Commission, the Offices of Science and Technology Policy and the United States Trade Representative, the National Space Council, and the State Justice Institute shall submit spending plans, signed by the respective department or agency head, to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 529. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractor performance that has been judged to be below satisfactory performance or for performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract. 530. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 7606 ( Legitimacy of Industrial Hemp Research ) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 ( Public Law 113–79 ) by the Department of Justice or the Drug Enforcement Administration. 531. None of the funds made available under this Act to the Department of Justice may be used, with respect to any of the States of Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming, or with respect to the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, or Puerto Rico, to prevent any of them from implementing their own laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of medical marijuana. 532. The Department of Commerce, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the National Science Foundation shall provide a quarterly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on any official travel to China by any employee of such department or agency, including the purpose of such travel. 533. Of the amounts made available by this Act, not less than 10 percent of each total amount provided, respectively, for grants authorized by section 27 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 ( 15 U.S.C. 3722 ) shall be allocated for assistance in persistent poverty counties: Provided, That for purposes of this section, the term persistent poverty counties means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1993 Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates, the 2000 decennial census, and the most recent Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates, or any Territory or possession of the United States. 534. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law or treaty, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act or any other Act may be expended or obligated by a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States to pay administrative expenses or to compensate an officer or employee of the United States in connection with requiring an export license for the export to Canada of components, parts, accessories or attachments for firearms listed in Category I, section 121.1 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations (International Trafficking in Arms Regulations (ITAR), part 121, as it existed on April 1, 2005) with a total value not exceeding $500 wholesale in any transaction, provided that the conditions of subsection (b) of this section are met by the exporting party for such articles. (b) The foregoing exemption from obtaining an export license— (1) does not exempt an exporter from filing any Shipper's Export Declaration or notification letter required by law, or from being otherwise eligible under the laws of the United States to possess, ship, transport, or export the articles enumerated in subsection (a); and (2) does not permit the export without a license of— (A) fully automatic firearms and components and parts for such firearms, other than for end use by the Federal Government, or a Provincial or Municipal Government of Canada; (B) barrels, cylinders, receivers (frames) or complete breech mechanisms for any firearm listed in Category I, other than for end use by the Federal Government, or a Provincial or Municipal Government of Canada; or (C) articles for export from Canada to another foreign destination. (c) In accordance with this section, the District Directors of Customs and postmasters shall permit the permanent or temporary export without a license of any unclassified articles specified in subsection (a) to Canada for end use in Canada or return to the United States, or temporary import of Canadian-origin items from Canada for end use in the United States or return to Canada for a Canadian citizen. (d) The President may require export licenses under this section on a temporary basis if the President determines, upon publication first in the Federal Register, that the Government of Canada has implemented or maintained inadequate import controls for the articles specified in subsection (a), such that a significant diversion of such articles has and continues to take place for use in international terrorism or in the escalation of a conflict in another nation. The President shall terminate the requirements of a license when reasons for the temporary requirements have ceased. 535. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2024 and each fiscal year thereafter, no department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States receiving appropriated funds under this Act or any other Act shall obligate or expend in any way such funds to pay administrative expenses or the compensation of any officer or employee of the United States to deny, or fail to act on, any application submitted pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778(b)(1)(B) and qualified pursuant to 27 CFR section 478.112 or .113, for a permit to import United States origin curios or relics firearms, parts, or ammunition. 536. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2024 and each fiscal year thereafter, none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel to deny, or fail to act on, an application for the importation of any model of shotgun if— (1) all other requirements of law with respect to the proposed importation are met; and (2) no application for the importation of such model of shotgun, in the same configuration, had been denied by the Attorney General prior to January 1, 2011, on the basis that the shotgun was not particularly suitable for or readily adaptable to sporting purposes. 537. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a person licensed under section 923 of title 18, United States Code, to report information to the Department of Justice regarding the sale of multiple rifles or shotguns to the same person. 538. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. 539. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 540. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 541. (a) (1) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall allocate amounts made available from the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors (CHIPS) for America Fund for fiscal year 2024 pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 102(a) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 (division A of Public Law 117–167 ), including the transfer authority in such paragraphs of that section of that Act, to the accounts specified, in the amounts specified, and for the projects and activities specified, in the table titled Department of Commerce Allocation of National Institute of Standards and Technology Funds: CHIPS Act Fiscal Year 2024 in the report accompanying this Act. (2) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall allocate amounts made available from the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors (CHIPS) for America Workforce and Education Fund for fiscal year 2024 pursuant to section 102(d)(1) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 (division A of Public Law 117–167 ), to the account specified, in the amounts specified, and for the projects and activities specified in the table titled National Science Foundation Allocation of Funds: CHIPS Act Fiscal Year 2024 in the report accompanying this Act. (b) Neither the President nor his designee may allocate any amounts that are made available for any fiscal year under section 102(a)(2)(A) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 or under section 102(d)(2) of such Act if there is in effect an Act making or continuing appropriations for part of a fiscal year for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies: Provided, That in any fiscal year, the matter preceding this proviso shall not apply to the allocation, apportionment, or allotment of amounts for continuing administration of programs allocated funds from the CHIPS for America Fund, which may be allocated only in amounts that are no more than the allocation for such purposes in subsection (a) of this section. (c) Subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and subject to the terms and conditions in section 505 of this Act— (1) the Secretary of Commerce may reallocate funds allocated to Industrial Technology Services for section 9906 of Public Law 116–283 by subsection (a)(1) of this section; and (2) the Director of the National Science Foundation may reallocate funds allocated to the CHIPS for America Workforce and Education Fund by subsection (a)(2) of this section. (d) Concurrent with the annual budget submission of the President for fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of Commerce and the Director of the National Science Foundation, as appropriate, shall each submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate proposed allocations by account and by program, project, or activity, with detailed justifications, for amounts made available under section 102(a)(2) and section 102(d)(2) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 for fiscal year 2025. (e) The Department of Commerce and the National Science Foundation, as appropriate, shall each provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the CHIPS for America Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to subsection (a)(1) of this section, and section 543(a)(1) of division B of Public Law 117–328 , the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the Public Wireless Supply Chain Innovation Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to section 543(a)(2) of division B of Public Law 117–328 , and the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the CHIPS for America Workforce and Education Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to subsection (a)(2) of this section and section 543(a)(3) of division B of Public Law 117–328 , including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds. 542. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out a rule that includes area or time closures in the South Atlantic until data from the South Atlantic Great Red Snapper Count can be incorporated into the stock assessment. 543. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order 14006, Reforming Our Incarceration System to Eliminate the Use of Privately Operated Criminal Detention Facilities. 544. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, carry out, or defend any part of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives final rule entitled, Definition of Frame or Receiver and Identification of Firearms (87 Fed. Reg. 24652; published April 26, 2022). 545. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order 14092, Reducing Gun Violence and Making our Communities Safer. 546. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, carry out, or defend the joint Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Security interim final rule entitled, Procedures for Credible Fear Screening and Consideration of Asylum, Withholding of Removal, and CAT Protection Claims by Asylum Officers (87 Fed. Reg. 18078; published March 29, 2022). 547. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Justice to promulgate a regulation regarding asylum law and process or regarding administrative closure of cases in immigration court. 548. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out section 19 (establishing accreditation standards) or section 20 (supporting safe and effective policing through grantmaking) of Executive Order 14074, Advancing Effective, Accountable, Policing and Criminal Justice Practices to Enhance Public Trust and Public Safety. 549. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out any regulation issued by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives issued or finalized on or after January 21, 2021. 550. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, carry out, or defend of any part of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives final rule entitled, Factoring Criteria for Firearms with Attached Stabilizing Braces (88 Fed. Reg. 6478; published January 31, 2023). 551. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out the Attorney General’s October 4, 2021, memorandum entitled, Partnership Among Federal, State, Local, Tribal, and Territorial Law Enforcement to Address Threats Against School Administrators, Board Members, Teachers, and Staff. 552. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out the Office of Science and Technology Policy’s August 25, 2022, Memorandum to Executive Departments and Agencies entitled, Ensuring Free, Immediate, and Equitable Access to Federally Funded Research. 553. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) for the— (A) Department of Commerce— (i) Equity (DEIA) Council; (ii) National Institute of Standards and Technology Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Accessibility Initiative; (iii) National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration— (I) Office of Inclusion and Civil Rights; (II) Diversity and Inclusion Advisory Management Council; (III) NOAA Diversity and Professional Advancement Working Group; (B) Department of Justice— (i) Chief Diversity Officer; (ii) Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives Diversity and Career Impact Program; (iii) Federal Bureau of Investigation Office of Diversity and Inclusion; (iv) Antitrust Division Diversity Committee; (v) National Resource Center for Justice-Involved LGBTQ+ and Two-Spirit Youth; (C) National Aeronautics and Space Administration Office of Diversity and Inclusion; (D) National Science Foundation— (i) Office of Equity and Civil Rights; (ii) Advancing Informal STEM Learning (AISL) Program; (iii) Alliances for Graduate Education and the Professoriate (AGEP); (2) to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out— (A) Executive Order 13985 of January 20, 2021, “Advancing Racial Equity and Support for Underserved Communities Through the Federal Government” (86 Fed. Reg. 7009); (B) Executive Order 14091 of February 16, 2023, “Further Advancing Racial Equity and Support for Underserved Communities Through the Federal Government” (88 Fed. Reg. 10825); or (C) Executive Order 14035 of June 25, 2021, “Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility in the Federal Workforce” (86 Fed. Reg. 34593); or (3) to conduct any diversity, equity, inclusion, or implicit bias training. 554. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) by the— (A) Department of Commerce for— (i) the National Institute of Standards and Technology Center of Excellence in Climate Change; or (ii) climate change fisheries research; (B) National Science Foundation for the— (i) U.S. Global Change Research Program (USGCRP); or (ii) Clean Energy Technology program; or (2) to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order 14008 of January 27, 2021, Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad (86 Fed. Reg. 7619). 555. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to develop or implement guidance related to the valuation of ecosystem and environmental services and natural assets in Federal regulatory decision-making, as directed by Executive Order 14072 (87 Fed. Reg. 24851, relating to strengthening the Nation’s forests, communities, and local economies). 556. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide legal representation to any alien in a removal proceeding. 557. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to incentivize any immigration judge to close or dismiss any case without adjudicating the merits of the case. 558. None of the funds made available for the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program may be used in contravention of section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996. 559. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to allow the United States Census Bureau to include aliens who are unlawfully present in the United States in rendering apportionment determinations in subsequent decennial censuses. 560. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay a compromise settlement in relation to a civil action brought by an alien who is inadmissible under section 212(a)(6)(A) or (7)(A)(i)(I) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(6)(A) or (7)(A)(i)(I)), or who entered the United States in violation of section 275(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1325(a) ), in connection with conduct described in such section 275(a), unless expressly authorized by law. 561. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement a limit on reimbursement available to a local law enforcement jurisdiction under the Domestic Cannabis Suppression/Eradication Program for the purpose of paying overtime pay to a law enforcement officer who engages in eradication efforts against unlicensed or unregistered cannabis grown in a State wherein production or sales of cannabis is lawful. 562. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to review, process, or approve applications for Federal grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, or other agreements by any individual or organization that educates or otherwise trains or informs Federal employees about diversity, equity, inclusion, critical race theory, implicit bias, unconscious bias, or culturally relevant teaching. 563. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide any education, training, or professional development that utilizes, promotes, or teaches Critical Race Theory, any concept associated with Critical Race Theory, or that teaches or trains any idea or concept that condones an individual being discriminated against or receiving adverse or beneficial treatment based on race or sex, that condones an individual feeling discomfort, guilt, anguish, or any other form of psychological distress on account of that individual’s race or sex, as well as any idea or concept that regards one race as inherently superior to another race, the United States or its institutions as being systemically racist or sexist, an individual as being inherently racist, sexist, or oppressive by virtue of that individual’s race or sex, an individual’s moral character as being necessarily determined by race or sex, an individual as bearing responsibility for actions committed in the past by other members of the same race or sex, or meritocracy being racist, sexist, or having been created by a particular race to oppress another race. 564. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to promote or contribute to environmental, social, and corporate governance (also known as environmental, social, and governance (ESG)) investments. 565. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to investigate, litigate, or advocate against any person or recipient, as currently defined at section 106.2 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, for defining sex as currently used in, inter alia, section 1681 of title 20, United States Code, and sections 106.21, 22, 23, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 37,39, 40, 41, 44, and 45 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, to mean biological sex, male or female, as determined by the type of gamete an individual produces; and for defining boys and girls to mean only biological boys, whose DNA consists of one X sex chromosome and one Y sex chromosome, and biological girls, whose DNA consists of two X sex chromosomes. 566. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for gun buyback or relinquishment programs. 567. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement any statute, rule, policy, or interpretive guidance or to disburse any grants or funding that would have the effect of creating, utilizing, supporting, or implementing a law or procedure which could result in the confiscation of any firearm without, in all cases, providing the gun owner with notice and opportunity to participate in a hearing. 568. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund or implement any red flag or extreme risk protection order laws. 569. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, may be available for obligation or expenditure to study, prepare, propose, or adopt any rule, regulation, administrative order or secretarial or executive action for the purpose of restricting the production, purchase, sale or transfer of any firearm unless expressly authorized by Congress. 570. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to create, operate, or maintain a Federal firearms registry. 571. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel to facilitate, advise, promote, or otherwise support any civil actions to which the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms is not a named party against any licensee or other person purported to be subject to the regulation and oversight of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms. 572. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) Demand 2 program unless the ATF modifies the Demand 2 reporting thresholds such that the threshold criteria of the Demand 2 program is a percentage of traces relative to a licensee’s average number of firearm sales for the preceding three years as reported on such licensee’s Federal firearms license renewal applications. 573. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to— (1) classify, tax, or register any firearm with an attached stabilizing brace or other similar brace or rearward attachment, notwithstanding any extended additional contact surface rearward or use outside of its original design or use as a buttstock or use to enable shoulder fire, as a rifle, short-barreled rifle, or short-barreled shotgun under the Gun Control Act of 1968, the National Firearms Act of 1934, or any other such act of Congress; or (2) direct any other law enforcement or regulatory entity to conduct any of the activities described in paragraph (1) on the ATF’s behalf. 574. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to support, directly or indirectly, the Wuhan Institute of Virology, or any laboratory owned or controlled by the governments of the People’s Republic of China, the Republic of Cuba, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela under the regime of Nicolás Maduro Moros, or any other country determined by the Secretary of State to be a foreign adversary. 575. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to engage in any formal or informal negotiations, regardless of subject, with leadership or representatives of the Islamic Republic of Iran. 576. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to recruit, hire, promote, or retain any person who either has been convicted of a Federal or State child pornography charge, has been convicted of any other Federal or State sexual assault charge, or has been formally disciplined for using Federal resources to access, use, or sell child pornography. 577. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to recruit, hire, promote, or retain any person based in whole or in part on such person’s race, national origin, sex, or religion. 578. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to fund any sex-altering surgical procedures in either a Federally owned facility or a private facility leased or used by the Federal Government. 579. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Department of Justice’s Reproductive Rights Task Force. 580. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to sue any State or local government over their abortion laws, or to intervene or file an amicus brief in such a case. 581. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to sue any State or local government over any law relating to transgender issues, or to intervene or file an amicus brief in such a case. 582. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to sue any State over its redistricting plans, or to intervene or file an amicus brief in such a case. 583. (a) In general.—Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) Discriminatory action defined.—As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) Accreditation; Licensure; Certification.—The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). 584. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by any agency to enforce section 19.17 of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement or Article 18 of the United States-Japan Digital Trade Agreement or to negotiate similar language in future trade agreements. 585. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to facilitate, permit, license, or promote exports to the Cuban military or intelligence service or to any officer of the Cuban military or intelligence service, or an immediate family member thereof or any agency or entity owned or partially owned or operated on behalf of the previously listed. (b) This section does not apply to exports of goods permitted under the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 ( 22 U.S.C. 7201 et seq. ). (c) In this section— (1) the term Cuban military or intelligence service includes the Ministry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces, and the Ministry of the Interior, of Cuba, and any subsidiary of either such Ministry; and (2) the term immediate family member means a spouse, sibling, son, daughter, parent, grandparent, grandchild, aunt, uncle, niece, or nephew. 586. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used for an Office of Environmental Justice. 587. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce the Department of Commerce rule entitled, “Procedures Covering Suspension of Liquidation, Duties and Estimated Duties in Accord With Presidential Proclamation 10414” (87 Fed. Reg. 56868). 588. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel of the Department of Justice to negotiate or conclude a settlement with the Federal Government that includes terms requiring the defendant to donate or contribute funds to an organization or individual. 589. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary, benefits, bonuses, or expenses of any Federal officer or employee who fails to comply with a duly issued and valid congressional subpoena, including any circumstances in which a Federal officer or employee does not produce documents in unredacted form by a date certain provided in a congressional subpoena. 590. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to conduct a politically sensitive investigation until the Department of Justice establishes a policy requiring non-partisan career staff to oversee such investigations. (b) For the purpose of this section, the phrase politically sensitive investigations includes investigations of elected officials or their family members, political candidates or their family members, political organizations, religious organizations, and members of the media. 591. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salary, benefits, bonuses, or expenses of a Department of Justice employee who is found to have retaliated against a whistleblower or suppressed an employee’s constitutional rights under the First Amendment. 592. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to conduct an interview in connection with an investigation of a Federal offense, or an investigation in which the agency is assisting a State, local or Tribal law enforcement agency, unless such interview is recorded using electronic audio recording equipment. (b) Subsection (a) shall apply with respect to custodial and noncustodial interviews, but shall not apply with respect to— (1) communications with confidential informants; or (2) interviews of non-United States persons conducted outside the United States. (c) Recordings of such interviews shall be retained for 10 years. 593. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to discourage, or implement a policy that serves to discourage, United States Marshals Service employees or personnel from fully enforcing section 1507 of title 18, United States Code. 594. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used be used, or transferred to another Federal agency, board, or commission to be used in furtherance of— (1) any modification or publication of revised Merger Guidelines without the express authorization of Congress; (2) the European Commission’s Digital Markets Act or in support of such Act; or (3) the hiring of any new employees to the Antitrust Division, other than to replace retired or departed employees, unless expressly authorized by Congress. 595. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund the operations or expenses of any Federal employee union. 596. (a) Section 507(d) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by inserting excluding subparagraph (F) after (a)(8) . (b) (1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendment made by in section (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) The amendment made by subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to cases commenced under title 11 of the United States Code before the date of the enactment of this Act. 597. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made used to— (1) classify or facilitate the classification of any communications by a United States person as misinformation, disinformation, or malinformation; or (2) partner with or fund nonprofit or other organizations that pressure or recommend private companies to censor lawful and constitutionally protected speech of United States persons, including recommending the censoring or removal of content on social media platforms. 598. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce any COVID-19 vaccine mandates or passports. SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT 599. $0 This Act may be cited as the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2024 .

118 HR 5894 IH: Department of Labor Appropriations Act, 2024 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-10-25 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 5894 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES October 6, 2023 Mr. Aderholt introduced the following bill; October 25, 2023 Referred to the Committee on Appropriations A BILL Making appropriations for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes, namely: I DEPARTMENT OF LABOR Employment and training administration TRAINING AND EMPLOYMENT SERVICES For necessary expenses of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (referred to in this Act as WIOA ) and the National Apprenticeship Act, $2,836,808,000, plus reimbursements, shall be available. Of the amounts provided: (1) for grants to States for adult employment and training activities and dislocated worker employment and training activities, $1,807,553,000 as follows: (A) $712,000,000 for adult employment and training activities, which shall be available for the period October 1, 2024 through June 30, 2025; and (B) $1,095,553,000 for dislocated worker employment and training activities, of which $235,553,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2024 through June 30, 2025, and of which $860,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2024 through June 30, 2025: Provided, That the funds available for allotment to outlying areas to carry out subtitle B of title I of the WIOA shall not be subject to the requirements of section 127(b)(1)(B)(ii) of such Act: Provided further, That notwithstanding the requirements of WIOA, outlying areas may submit a single application for a consolidated grant that awards funds that would otherwise be available to such areas to carry out the activities described in subtitle B of title I of the WIOA: Provided further, That such application shall be submitted to the Secretary of Labor (referred to in this title as Secretary ), at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require: Provided further, That outlying areas awarded a consolidated grant described in the preceding provisos may use the funds for any of the programs and activities authorized under such subtitle B of title I of the WIOA subject to approval of the application and such reporting requirements issued by the Secretary; and (2) for national programs, $1,029,255,000 as follows: (A) $360,859,0000 for the dislocated workers assistance national reserve, of which $160,859,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025, and of which $200,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025: Provided, That funds provided to carry out section 132(a)(2)(A) of the WIOA may be used to provide assistance to a State for statewide or local use in order to address cases where there have been worker dislocations across multiple sectors or across multiple local areas and such workers remain dislocated; coordinate the State workforce development plan with emerging economic development needs; and train such eligible dislocated workers: Provided further, That funds provided to carry out sections 168(b) and 169(c) of the WIOA may be used for technical assistance and demonstration projects, respectively, that provide assistance to new entrants in the workforce and incumbent workers: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 168(b) of the WIOA, of the funds provided under this subparagraph, the Secretary may reserve not more than 10 percent of such funds to provide technical assistance and carry out additional activities related to the transition to the WIOA: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this subparagraph, $115,000,000 shall be for training and employment assistance under sections 168(b), 169(c) (notwithstanding the 10 percent limitation in such section) and 170 of the WIOA as follows: (i) $50,000,000 shall be for workers in the Appalachian region, as defined by 40 U.S.C. 14102(a)(1) , workers in the Lower Mississippi, as defined in section 4(2) of the Delta Development Act ( Public Law 100–460 , 102 Stat. 2246; 7 U.S.C. 2009aa(2) ), and workers in the region served by the Northern Border Regional Commission, as defined by 40 U.S.C. 15733 ; and (ii) $65,000,000 shall be for the purpose of developing, offering, or improving educational or career training programs at community colleges, defined as public institutions of higher education, as described in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 and at which the associate’s degree is primarily the highest degree awarded, with other eligible institutions of higher education, as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965, eligible to participate through consortia, with community colleges as the lead grantee; (B) $60,000,000 for Native American programs under section 166 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2024 through June 30, 2025; (C) $97,396,000 for migrant and seasonal farmworker programs under section 167 of the WIOA, including $90,134,000 for formula grants (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for employment and training services), $6,591,000 for migrant and seasonal housing (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for permanent housing), and $671,000 for other discretionary purposes, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2024 through June 30, 2025: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law or related regulation, the Department of Labor shall take no action limiting the number or proportion of eligible participants receiving related assistance services or discouraging grantees from providing such services: Provided further, That notwithstanding the definition of eligible seasonal farmworker in section 167(i)(3)(A) of the WIOA relating to an individual being low-income , an individual is eligible for migrant and seasonal farmworker programs under section 167 of the WIOA under that definition if, in addition to meeting the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of section 167(i)(3)(A), such individual is a member of a family with a total family income equal to or less than 150 percent of the poverty line; (D) $105,000,000 for YouthBuild activities as described in section 171 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2024 through June 30, 2025; (E) $115,000,000 for ex-offender activities, under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2024 through June 30, 2025: Provided, That of this amount, $30,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to national and regional intermediaries for activities that prepare for employment young adults with criminal legal histories, young adults who have been justice system-involved, or young adults who have dropped out of school or other educational programs, with a priority for projects serving high-crime, high-poverty areas; (F) $6,000,000 for the Workforce Data Quality Initiative, under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2024 through June 30, 2025; and (G) $285,000,000 to expand opportunities through apprenticeships, to be available to the Secretary to carry out activities through grants, cooperative agreements, contracts and other arrangements, with States and other appropriate entities, including equity intermediaries and business and labor industry partner intermediaries, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2024 through June 30, 2025. FEDERAL UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES For payments during fiscal year 2024 of trade adjustment benefit payments and allowances under part I of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and section 246 of that Act; and for training, employment and case management services, allowances for job search and relocation, and related State administrative expenses under part II of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and including benefit payments, allowances, training, employment and case management services, and related State administration provided pursuant to section 231(a) of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011, sections 405(a) and 406 of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, and section 285(a) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended, $30,700,000 together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent appropriation for payments for any period subsequent to September 15, 2024: Provided, That notwithstanding section 502 of this Act, any part of the appropriation provided under this heading may remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year pursuant to the authorities of section 245(c) of the Trade Act of 1974 ( 19 U.S.C. 2317(c) ). STATE UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE AND EMPLOYMENT SERVICE OPERATIONS (Including Transfer of Funds) For authorized administrative expenses, $84,066,000, together with not to exceed $3,921,556,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund ( the Trust Fund ), of which— (1) $3,141,635,000 from the Trust Fund is for grants to States for the administration of State unemployment insurance laws as authorized under title III of the Social Security Act (including not less than $382,000,000 to carry out reemployment services and eligibility assessments under section 306 of such Act, any claimants of regular compensation, as defined in such section, including those who are profiled as most likely to exhaust their benefits, may be eligible for such services and assessments: Provided, That of such amount, $117,000,000 is specified for grants under section 306 of the Social Security Act and is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(E)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $265,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(E)(i)(V) of such Act; and $9,000,000 for continued support of the Unemployment Insurance Integrity Center of Excellence), the administration of unemployment insurance for Federal employees and for ex-service members as authorized under 5 U.S.C. 8501–8523 , and the administration of trade readjustment allowances, reemployment trade adjustment assistance, and alternative trade adjustment assistance under the Trade Act of 1974 and under section 231(a) of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011, sections 405(a) and 406 of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, and section 285(a) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended, and shall be available for obligation by the States through December 31, 2024, except that funds used for automation shall be available for Federal obligation until expended, and for State obligation through September 30, 2026, and funds for competitive grants awarded to States for improved operations and to conduct in-person reemployment and eligibility assessments and unemployment insurance improper payment reviews and provide reemployment services and referrals to training, as appropriate, shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2024 (except that funds for outcome payments pursuant to section 306(f)(2) of the Social Security Act shall be available for Federal obligation through March 31, 2025), and for obligation by the States through September 30, 2026, and funds for the Unemployment Insurance Integrity Center of Excellence shall be available for obligation by the State through September 30, 2025, and funds used for unemployment insurance workloads experienced through September 30, 2024 shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2024; (2) $23,000,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities necessary to support the administration of the Federal-State unemployment insurance system; (3) $658,639,000 from the Trust Fund, together with $21,413,000 from the General Fund of the Treasury, is for grants to States in accordance with section 6 of the Wagner-Peyser Act, and shall be available for Federal obligation for the period July 1, 2024 through June 30, 2025; (4) $25,000,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities of the Employment Service, including administration of the work opportunity tax credit under section 51 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (including assisting States in adopting or modernizing information technology for use in the processing of certification requests), and the provision of technical assistance and staff training under the Wagner-Peyser Act; (5) $73,282,000 from the Trust Fund is for the administration of foreign labor certifications and related activities under the Immigration and Nationality Act and related laws, of which $50,000,000 shall be available for the Federal administration of such activities, and $23,282,000 shall be available for grants to States for the administration of such activities; and (6) $62,653,000 from the General Fund is to provide workforce information, national electronic tools, and one-stop system building under the Wagner-Peyser Act and shall be available for Federal obligation for the period July 1, 2024 through June 30, 2025, of which up to $9,800,000 may be used to carry out research and demonstration projects related to testing effective ways to promote greater labor force participation of people with disabilities: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer amounts made available for research and demonstration projects under this paragraph to the Office of Disability Employment Policy account for such purposes: Provided, That to the extent that the Average Weekly Insured Unemployment ( AWIU ) for fiscal year 2024 is projected by the Department of Labor to exceed 2,365,000, an additional $28,600,000 from the Trust Fund shall be available for obligation for every 100,000 increase in the AWIU level (including a pro rata amount for any increment less than 100,000) to carry out title III of the Social Security Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this Act that are allotted to a State to carry out activities under title III of the Social Security Act may be used by such State to assist other States in carrying out activities under such title III if the other States include areas that have suffered a major disaster declared by the President under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make payments on behalf of States for the use of the National Directory of New Hires under section 453(j)(8) of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make payments on behalf of States to the entity operating the State Information Data Exchange System: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this Act which are used to establish a national one-stop career center system, or which are used to support the national activities of the Federal-State unemployment insurance, employment service, or immigration programs, may be obligated in contracts, grants, or agreements with States and non-State entities: Provided further, That States awarded competitive grants for improved operations under title III of the Social Security Act, or awarded grants to support the national activities of the Federal-State unemployment insurance system, may award subgrants to other States and non-State entities under such grants, subject to the conditions applicable to the grants: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this Act for activities authorized under title III of the Social Security Act and the Wagner-Peyser Act may be used by States to fund integrated Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service automation efforts, notwithstanding cost allocation principles prescribed under the final rule entitled Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards at part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided further, That the Secretary, at the request of a State participating in a consortium with other States, may reallot funds allotted to such State under title III of the Social Security Act to other States participating in the consortium or to the entity operating the Unemployment Insurance Information Technology Support Center in order to carry out activities that benefit the administration of the unemployment compensation law of the State making the request: Provided further, That the Secretary may collect fees for the costs associated with additional data collection, analyses, and reporting services relating to the National Agricultural Workers Survey requested by State and local governments, public and private institutions of higher education, and nonprofit organizations and may utilize such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a , for the National Agricultural Workers Survey infrastructure, methodology, and data to meet the information collection and reporting needs of such entities, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until September 30, 2025, for such purposes. ADVANCES TO THE UNEMPLOYMENT TRUST FUND AND OTHER FUNDS For repayable advances to the Unemployment Trust Fund as authorized by sections 905(d) and 1203 of the Social Security Act, and to the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund as authorized by section 9501(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and for nonrepayable advances to the revolving fund established by section 901(e) of the Social Security Act, to the Unemployment Trust Fund as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 8509 , and to the Federal Unemployment Benefits and Allowances account, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2025. PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION For expenses of administering employment and training programs, $108,900,000, together with not to exceed $54,015,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. Employee benefits security administration Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Employee Benefits Security Administration, $152,880,000, of which up to $3,000,000 shall be made available through September 30, 2025, for the procurement of expert witnesses for enforcement litigation. Pension benefit guaranty corporation PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION FUND The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation ( Corporation ) is authorized to make such expenditures, including financial assistance authorized by subtitle E of title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, within limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by 31 U.S.C. 9104 , as may be necessary in carrying out the program, including associated administrative expenses, through September 30, 2024, for the Corporation: Provided, That none of the funds available to the Corporation for fiscal year 2024 shall be available for obligations for administrative expenses in excess of $512,900,000: Provided further, That to the extent that the number of new plan participants in plans terminated by the Corporation exceeds 100,000 in fiscal year 2024, an amount not to exceed an additional $9,200,000 shall be available through September 30, 2028, for obligations for administrative expenses for every 20,000 additional terminated participants: Provided further, That obligations in excess of the amounts provided for administrative expenses in this paragraph may be incurred and shall be available through September 30, 2028 for obligation for unforeseen and extraordinary pre-termination or termination expenses or extraordinary multiemployer program related expenses after approval by the Office of Management and Budget and notification of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That an additional amount shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2028 to the extent the Corporation's costs exceed $250,000 for the provision of credit or identity monitoring to affected individuals upon suffering a security incident or privacy breach, not to exceed an additional $100 per affected individual. Wage and hour division Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Wage and Hour Division, including reimbursement to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for inspection services rendered, $185,000,000. Office of labor-Management standards Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Office of Labor-Management Standards, $48,515,000. Office of federal contract compliance programs Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, $83,232,000. Office of workers' compensation programs Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Office of Workers' Compensation Programs, $106,500,000, together with $2,205,000 which may be expended from the Special Fund in accordance with sections 39(c), 44(d), and 44(j) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act. Special Benefits (Including Transfer of Funds) For the payment of compensation, benefits, and expenses (except administrative expenses not otherwise authorized) accruing during the current or any prior fiscal year authorized by 5 U.S.C. 81 ; continuation of benefits as provided for under the heading Civilian War Benefits in the Federal Security Agency Appropriation Act, 1947; the Employees' Compensation Commission Appropriation Act, 1944; section 5(f) of the War Claims Act ( 50 U.S.C. App. 2012 ); obligations incurred under the War Hazards Compensation Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1701 et seq. ); and 50 percent of the additional compensation and benefits required by section 10(h) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act, $700,000,000, together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent year appropriation for the payment of compensation and other benefits for any period subsequent to August 15 of the current year, for deposit into and to assume the attributes of the Employees' Compensation Fund established under 5 U.S.C. 8147(a) : Provided, That amounts appropriated may be used under 5 U.S.C. 8104 by the Secretary to reimburse an employer, who is not the employer at the time of injury, for portions of the salary of a re-employed, disabled beneficiary: Provided further, That balances of reimbursements unobligated on September 30, 2023, shall remain available until expended for the payment of compensation, benefits, and expenses: Provided further, That in addition there shall be transferred to this appropriation from the Postal Service and from any other corporation or instrumentality required under 5 U.S.C. 8147(c) to pay an amount for its fair share of the cost of administration, such sums as the Secretary determines to be the cost of administration for employees of such fair share entities through September 30, 2024: Provided further, That of those funds transferred to this account from the fair share entities to pay the cost of administration of the Federal Employees' Compensation Act, $83,007,000 shall be made available to the Secretary as follows: (1) For enhancement and maintenance of automated data processing systems operations and telecommunications systems, $28,153,000; (2) For automated workload processing operations, including document imaging, centralized mail intake, and medical bill processing, $26,526,000; (3) For periodic roll disability management and medical review, $26,527,000; (4) For program integrity, $1,801,000; and (5) The remaining funds shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That the Secretary may require that any person filing a notice of injury or a claim for benefits under 5 U.S.C. 81 , or the Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act, provide as part of such notice and claim, such identifying information (including Social Security account number) as such regulations may prescribe. SPECIAL BENEFITS FOR DISABLED COAL MINERS For carrying out title IV of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended by Public Law 107–275 , $22,890,000, to remain available until expended. For making after July 31 of the current fiscal year, benefit payments to individuals under title IV of such Act, for costs incurred in the current fiscal year, such amounts as may be necessary. For making benefit payments under title IV for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, $7,000,000, to remain available until expended. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES, ENERGY EMPLOYEES OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS COMPENSATION FUND For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $66,532,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may require that any person filing a claim for benefits under the Act provide as part of such claim such identifying information (including Social Security account number) as may be prescribed. BLACK LUNG DISABILITY TRUST FUND (Including Transfer of Funds) Such sums as may be necessary from the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund (the Fund ), to remain available until expended, for payment of all benefits authorized by section 9501(d)(1), (2), (6), and (7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and repayment of, and payment of interest on advances, as authorized by section 9501(d)(4) of that Act. In addition, the following amounts may be expended from the Fund for fiscal year 2024 for expenses of operation and administration of the Black Lung Benefits program, as authorized by section 9501(d)(5): not to exceed $44,059,000 for transfer to the Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, Salaries and Expenses ; not to exceed $41,178,000 for transfer to Departmental Management, Salaries and Expenses ; not to exceed $368,000 for transfer to Departmental Management, Office of Inspector General ; and not to exceed $356,000 for payments into miscellaneous receipts for the expenses of the Department of the Treasury. Occupational safety and health administration Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, $536,922,000, including not to exceed $120,000,000 which shall be the maximum amount available for grants to States under section 23(g) of the Occupational Safety and Health Act (the Act ), which grants shall be no less than 50 percent of the costs of State occupational safety and health programs required to be incurred under plans approved by the Secretary under section 18 of the Act; and, in addition, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , the Occupational Safety and Health Administration may retain up to $499,000 per fiscal year of training institute course tuition and fees, otherwise authorized by law to be collected, and may utilize such sums for occupational safety and health training and education: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , the Secretary is authorized, during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, to collect and retain fees for services provided to Nationally Recognized Testing Laboratories, and may utilize such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a , to administer national and international laboratory recognition programs that ensure the safety of equipment and products used by workers in the workplace: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be obligated or expended to prescribe, issue, administer, or enforce any standard, rule, regulation, or order under the Act which is applicable to any person who is engaged in a farming operation which does not maintain a temporary labor camp and employs 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That no funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be obligated or expended to administer or enforce any standard, rule, regulation, or order under the Act with respect to any employer of 10 or fewer employees who is included within a category having a Days Away, Restricted, or Transferred ( DART ) occupational injury and illness rate, at the most precise industrial classification code for which such data are published, less than the national average rate as such rates are most recently published by the Secretary, acting through the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in accordance with section 24 of the Act, except— (1) to provide, as authorized by the Act, consultation, technical assistance, educational and training services, and to conduct surveys and studies; (2) to conduct an inspection or investigation in response to an employee complaint, to issue a citation for violations found during such inspection, and to assess a penalty for violations which are not corrected within a reasonable abatement period and for any willful violations found; (3) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to imminent dangers; (4) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to health hazards; (5) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to a report of an employment accident which is fatal to one or more employees or which results in hospitalization of two or more employees, and to take any action pursuant to such investigation authorized by the Act; and (6) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to complaints of discrimination against employees for exercising rights under the Act: Provided further, That the foregoing proviso shall not apply to any person who is engaged in a farming operation which does not maintain a temporary labor camp and employs 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That not less than $3,500,000 shall be for Voluntary Protection Programs. Mine safety and health administration Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Mine Safety and Health Administration, $325,052,000, including purchase and bestowal of certificates and trophies in connection with mine rescue and first-aid work, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, including up to $2,000,000 for mine rescue and recovery activities and not less than $10,537,000 for State assistance grants: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , not to exceed $750,000 may be collected by the National Mine Health and Safety Academy for room, board, tuition, and the sale of training materials, otherwise authorized by law to be collected, to be available for mine safety and health education and training activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , the Mine Safety and Health Administration is authorized to collect and retain up to $2,499,000 from fees collected for the approval and certification of equipment, materials, and explosives for use in mines, and may utilize such sums for such activities: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to accept lands, buildings, equipment, and other contributions from public and private sources and to prosecute projects in cooperation with other agencies, Federal, State, or private: Provided further, That the Mine Safety and Health Administration is authorized to promote health and safety education and training in the mining community through cooperative programs with States, industry, and safety associations: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to recognize the Joseph A. Holmes Safety Association as a principal safety association and, notwithstanding any other provision of law, may provide funds and, with or without reimbursement, personnel, including service of Mine Safety and Health Administration officials as officers in local chapters or in the national organization: Provided further, That any funds available to the Department of Labor may be used, with the approval of the Secretary, to provide for the costs of mine rescue and survival operations in the event of a major disaster. Bureau of labor statistics Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Bureau of Labor Statistics, including advances or reimbursements to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for services rendered, $589,952,000, together with not to exceed $68,000,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. Office of disability employment policy Salaries and Expenses (Including Transfer of Funds) For necessary expenses for the Office of Disability Employment Policy to provide leadership, develop policy and initiatives, and award grants furthering the objective of eliminating barriers to the training and employment of people with disabilities, $43,000,000, of which not less than $9,000,000 shall be for research and demonstration projects related to testing effective ways to promote greater labor force participation of people with disabilities: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer amounts made available under this heading for research and demonstration projects to the State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations account for such purposes. Departmental management Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for Departmental Management, including the hire of three passenger motor vehicles, $200,995,000, together with not to exceed $308,000, which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund: Provided, That $6,211,000 shall be used for program evaluation and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2025: Provided further, That funds available for program evaluation may be used to administer grants for the purpose of evaluation: Provided further, That grants made for the purpose of evaluation shall be awarded through fair and open competition. VETERANS' EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING Not to exceed $269,841,000 may be derived from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund to carry out the provisions of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, United States Code, of which— (1) $185,000,000 is for Jobs for Veterans State grants under 38 U.S.C. 4102A(b)(5) to support disabled veterans' outreach program specialists under section 4103A of such title and local veterans' employment representatives under section 4104(b) of such title, and for the expenses described in section 4102A(b)(5)(C), which shall be available for expenditure by the States through September 30, 2026, and not to exceed 3 percent for the necessary Federal expenditures for data systems and contract support to allow for the tracking of participant and performance information: Provided, That, in addition, such funds may be used to support such specialists and representatives in the provision of services to transitioning members of the Armed Forces who have participated in the Transition Assistance Program and have been identified as in need of intensive services, to members of the Armed Forces who are wounded, ill, or injured and receiving treatment in military treatment facilities or warrior transition units, and to the spouses or other family caregivers of such wounded, ill, or injured members; (2) $34,379,000 is for carrying out the Transition Assistance Program under 38 U.S.C. 4113 and 10 U.S.C. 1144 ; (3) $47,048,000 is for Federal administration of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, and sections 2021, 2021A and 2023 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That, up to $500,000 may be used to carry out the Hire VETS Act (division O of Public Law 115–31 ); and (4) $3,414,000 is for the National Veterans' Employment and Training Services Institute under 38 U.S.C. 4109: Provided, That the Secretary may reallocate among the appropriations provided under paragraphs (1) through (4) above an amount not to exceed 3 percent of the appropriation from which such reallocation is made. In addition, from the General Fund of the Treasury, $65,500,000 is for carrying out programs to assist homeless veterans and veterans at risk of homelessness who are transitioning from certain institutions under sections 2021, 2021A, and 2023 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That notwithstanding subsections (c)(3) and (d) of section 2023, the Secretary may award grants through September 30, 2024, to provide services under such section: Provided further, That services provided under sections 2021 or under 2021A may include, in addition to services to homeless veterans described in section 2002(a)(1), services to veterans who were homeless at some point within the 60 days prior to program entry or veterans who are at risk of homelessness within the next 60 days, and that services provided under section 2023 may include, in addition to services to the individuals described in subsection (e) of such section, services to veterans recently released from incarceration who are at risk of homelessness: Provided further, That notwithstanding paragraph (3) under this heading, funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used for data systems and contract support to allow for the tracking of participant and performance information: Provided further, That notwithstanding sections 2021(e)(2) and 2021A(f)(2) of title 38, United States Code, such funds shall be available for expenditure pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1553 . In addition, fees may be assessed and deposited in the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund pursuant to section 5(b) of the HIRE Vets Act, and such amounts shall be available to the Secretary to carry out the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program, as authorized by such Act, and shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such sums shall be in addition to any other funds available for such purposes, including funds available under paragraph (3) of this heading: Provided further, That section 2(d) of division O of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 ( Public Law 115–31 ; 38 U.S.C. 4100 note) shall not apply. IT MODERNIZATION For necessary expenses for Department of Labor centralized infrastructure technology investment activities related to support systems and modernization, $27,269,000, which shall be available through September 30, 2025. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $91,187,000, together with not to exceed $5,841,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund: Provided, That not more than $2,000,000 of the amount provided under this heading may be available until expended. General provisions 101. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for the Job Corps shall be used to pay the salary and bonuses of an individual, either as direct costs or any proration as an indirect cost, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 102. Not to exceed 1 percent of any discretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the current fiscal year for the Department of Labor in this Act may be transferred between a program, project, or activity, but no such program, project, or activity shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 103. In accordance with Executive Order 13126, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended for the procurement of goods mined, produced, manufactured, or harvested or services rendered, in whole or in part, by forced or indentured child labor in industries and host countries already identified by the United States Department of Labor prior to enactment of this Act. 104. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made available to the Department of Labor for grants under section 414(c) of the American Competitiveness and Workforce Improvement Act of 1998 ( 29 U.S.C. 2916a ) may be used for any purpose other than competitive grants for training individuals who are older than 16 years of age and are not currently enrolled in school within a local educational agency in the occupations and industries for which employers are using H–1B visas to hire foreign workers, and the related activities necessary to support such training. 105. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading Employment and Training Administration shall be used by a recipient or subrecipient of such funds to pay the salary and bonuses of an individual, either as direct costs or indirect costs, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. This limitation shall not apply to vendors providing goods and services as defined in Office of Management and Budget Circular A–133. Where States are recipients of such funds, States may establish a lower limit for salaries and bonuses of those receiving salaries and bonuses from subrecipients of such funds, taking into account factors including the relative cost-of-living in the State, the compensation levels for comparable State or local government employees, and the size of the organizations that administer Federal programs involved including Employment and Training Administration programs. (Transfer of Funds) 106. (a) Notwithstanding section 102, the Secretary may transfer funds made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act, either directly or through a set-aside, for technical assistance services to grantees to Program Administration when it is determined that those services will be more efficiently performed by Federal employees: Provided, That this section shall not apply to section 171 of the WIOA. (b) Notwithstanding section 102, the Secretary may transfer not more than 0.5 percent of each discretionary appropriation made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act to Program Administration in order to carry out program integrity activities relating to any of the programs or activities that are funded under any such discretionary appropriations: Provided, That funds transferred under this subsection shall be available to the Secretary to carry out program integrity activities directly or through grants, cooperative agreements, contracts and other arrangements with States and other appropriate entities: Provided further, That funds transferred under the authority provided by this subsection shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2024. (Transfer of Funds) 107. (a) The Secretary may reserve not more than 0.75 percent from each appropriation made available in this Act identified in subsection (b) in order to carry out evaluations of any of the programs or activities that are funded under such accounts. Any funds reserved under this section shall be transferred to Departmental Management for use by the Office of the Chief Evaluation Officer within the Department of Labor, and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2024: Provided, That such funds shall only be available if the Chief Evaluation Officer of the Department of Labor submits a plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate describing the evaluations to be carried out 15 days in advance of any transfer. (b) The accounts referred to in subsection (a) are: Training and Employment Services , State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations , Employee Benefits Security Administration , Office of Workers' Compensation Programs , Wage and Hour Division , Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs , Office of Labor Management Standards , Occupational Safety and Health Administration , Mine Safety and Health Administration , Office of Disability Employment Policy , and Veterans' Employment and Training . 108. (a) Section 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 ( 29 U.S.C. 207 ) shall be applied as if the following text is part of such section: (s) (1) The provisions of this section shall not apply for a period of 2 years after the occurrence of a major disaster to any employee— (A) employed to adjust or evaluate claims resulting from or relating to such major disaster, by an employer not engaged, directly or through an affiliate, in underwriting, selling, or marketing property, casualty, or liability insurance policies or contracts; (B) who receives from such employer on average weekly compensation of not less than $591.00 per week or any minimum weekly amount established by the Secretary, whichever is greater, for the number of weeks such employee is engaged in any of the activities described in subparagraph (C); and (C) whose duties include any of the following: (i) interviewing insured individuals, individuals who suffered injuries or other damages or losses arising from or relating to a disaster, witnesses, or physicians; (ii) inspecting property damage or reviewing factual information to prepare damage estimates; (iii) evaluating and making recommendations regarding coverage or compensability of claims or determining liability or value aspects of claims; (iv) negotiating settlements; or (v) making recommendations regarding litigation. (2) The exemption in this subsection shall not affect the exemption provided by section 13(a)(1). (3) For purposes of this subsection— (A) the term major disaster means any disaster or catastrophe declared or designated by any State or Federal agency or department; (B) the term employee employed to adjust or evaluate claims resulting from or relating to such major disaster means an individual who timely secured or secures a license required by applicable law to engage in and perform the activities described in clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (1)(C) relating to a major disaster, and is employed by an employer that maintains worker compensation insurance coverage or protection for its employees, if required by applicable law, and withholds applicable Federal, State, and local income and payroll taxes from the wages, salaries and any benefits of such employees; and (C) the term affiliate means a company that, by reason of ownership or control of 25 percent or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities of one or more companies, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, another company. . (b) This section shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. 109. (a) Flexibility with respect to the crossing of H–2B nonimmigrants working in the seafood industry (1) In general Subject to paragraph (2), if a petition for H–2B nonimmigrants filed by an employer in the seafood industry is granted, the employer may bring the nonimmigrants described in the petition into the United States at any time during the 120-day period beginning on the start date for which the employer is seeking the services of the nonimmigrants without filing another petition. (2) Requirements for crossings after 90th day An employer in the seafood industry may not bring H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States after the date that is 90 days after the start date for which the employer is seeking the services of the nonimmigrants unless the employer— (A) completes a new assessment of the local labor market by— (i) listing job orders in local newspapers on 2 separate Sundays; and (ii) posting the job opportunity on the appropriate Department of Labor Electronic Job Registry and at the employer's place of employment; and (B) offers the job to an equally or better qualified United States worker who— (i) applies for the job; and (ii) will be available at the time and place of need. (3) Exemption from rules with respect to staggering The Secretary of Labor shall not consider an employer in the seafood industry who brings H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States during the 120-day period specified in paragraph (1) to be staggering the date of need in violation of section 655.20(d) of title 20, Code of Federal Regulations, or any other applicable provision of law. (b) H–2B nonimmigrants defined In this section, the term H–2B nonimmigrants means aliens admitted to the United States pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B) ). 110. The determination of prevailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program shall be the greater of—(1) the actual wage level paid by the employer to other employees with similar experience and qualifications for such position in the same location; or (2) the prevailing wage level for the occupational classification of the position in the geographic area in which the H–2B nonimmigrant will be employed, based on the best information available at the time of filing the petition. In the determination of prevailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program, the Secretary shall accept private wage surveys even in instances where Occupational Employment Statistics survey data are available unless the Secretary determines that the methodology and data in the provided survey are not statistically supported. 111. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to enforce the definition of corresponding employment found in 20 CFR 655.5 or the three-fourths guarantee rule definition found in 20 CFR 655.20, or any references thereto. Further, for the purpose of regulating admission of temporary workers under the H–2B program, the definition of temporary need shall be that provided in 8 CFR 214.2(h)(6)(ii)(B). 112. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may furnish through grants, cooperative agreements, contracts, and other arrangements, up to $2,000,000 of excess personal property, at a value determined by the Secretary, to apprenticeship programs for the purpose of training apprentices in those programs. 113. (a) The Act entitled An Act to create a Department of Labor , approved March 4, 1913 (37 Stat. 736, chapter 141) shall be applied as if the following text is part of such Act: 12. Security detail (a) In general The Secretary of Labor is authorized to employ law enforcement officers or special agents to— (1) provide protection for the Secretary of Labor during the workday of the Secretary and during any activity that is preliminary or postliminary to the performance of official duties by the Secretary; (2) provide protection, incidental to the protection provided to the Secretary, to a member of the immediate family of the Secretary who is participating in an activity or event relating to the official duties of the Secretary; (3) provide continuous protection to the Secretary (including during periods not described in paragraph (1)) and to the members of the immediate family of the Secretary if there is a unique and articulable threat of physical harm, in accordance with guidelines established by the Secretary; and (4) provide protection to the Deputy Secretary of Labor or another senior officer representing the Secretary of Labor at a public event if there is a unique and articulable threat of physical harm, in accordance with guidelines established by the Secretary. (b) Authorities The Secretary of Labor may authorize a law enforcement officer or special agent employed under subsection (a), for the purpose of performing the duties authorized under subsection (a), to— (1) carry firearms; (2) make arrests without a warrant for any offense against the United States committed in the presence of such officer or special agent; (3) perform protective intelligence work, including identifying and mitigating potential threats and conducting advance work to review security matters relating to sites and events; (4) coordinate with local law enforcement agencies; and (5) initiate criminal and other investigations into potential threats to the security of the Secretary, in coordination with the Inspector General of the Department of Labor. (c) Compliance with guidelines A law enforcement officer or special agent employed under subsection (a) shall exercise any authority provided under this section in accordance with any— (1) guidelines issued by the Attorney General; and (2) guidelines prescribed by the Secretary of Labor. . (b) This section shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. 114. The Secretary is authorized to dispose of or divest, by any means the Secretary determines appropriate, including an agreement or partnership to construct a new Job Corps center, all or a portion of the real property on which the Treasure Island Job Corps Center is situated. Any sale or other disposition, to include any associated construction project, will not be subject to any requirement of any Federal law or regulation relating to the disposition of Federal real property or relating to Federal procurement, including but not limited to subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 40 of the United States Code, subchapter V of chapter 119 of title 42 of the United States Code, and chapter 33 of division C of subtitle I of title 41 of the United States Code. The net proceeds of such a sale shall be transferred to the Secretary, which shall be available until expended to carry out the Job Corps Program on Treasure Island. (RESCISSION) 115. Of the unobligated funds available under section 286(s)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1356(s)(2) ), $206,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded not later than September 30, 2024. (RESCISSION) 116. Of the amounts which are made available to Employment and Training Administration—Training and Employment Services on October 1, 2023 by Public Law 117–328 , $712,000,000 are hereby rescinded. 117. No Federal funds may be made available to alter or affect the administration, implementation, or enforcement of the final rule entitled “Independent Contractor Status Under the Fair Labor Standards Act” (86 Fed. Reg. 1168) and dated January 7, 2021. 118. No Federal funds may be made available to administer, implement, or enforce the rule entitled “Prudence and Loyalty in Selecting Plan Investments and Exercising Shareholder Rights’’ (87 Fed. Reg. 73822) and dated December 1, 2022. 119. No Federal funds may be made available to administer, implement, or enforce— (1) the final rule entitled “Adverse Effect Wage Rate Methodology for the Temporary Employment of H-2A Nonimmigrants in Non-Range Occupations in the United States” (88 Fed. Reg. 12760) and dated February 28, 2023; or (2) section 655.131(b) of title 20, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to joint employer requirements) as amended by the final regulations published by the Department of Labor in the Federal Register on October 12, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 61660). This title may be cited as the Department of Labor Appropriations Act, 2024 . II DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Health resources and services administration PRIMARY HEALTH CARE For carrying out titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act (referred to in this Act as the PHS Act ) with respect to primary health care and the Native Hawaiian Health Care Act of 1988, $1,858,772,000: Provided, That no more than $1,000,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out the provisions of section 224(o) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That no more than $120,000,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out subsections (g) through (n) and (q) of section 224 of the PHS Act, and for expenses incurred by the Department of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as HHS ) pertaining to administrative claims made under such law: Provided further, That not less than $150,000,000 shall be obligated in fiscal year 2024 for construction and capital improvement costs. HEALTH WORKFORCE For carrying out titles III, VII, and VIII of the PHS Act with respect to the health workforce, sections 1128E and 1921 of the Social Security Act, and the Health Care Quality Improvement Act of 1986, $1,336,348,000: Provided, That section 751(j)(2) of the PHS Act and the proportional funding amounts in paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 756(f) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading: Provided further, That for any program operating under section 751 of the PHS Act on or before January 1, 2009, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this title as the Secretary ) may hereafter waive any of the requirements contained in sections 751(d)(2)(A) and 751(d)(2)(B) of such Act for the full project period of a grant under such section: Provided further, That section 756(c) of the PHS Act shall apply to paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 756(a) of such Act: Provided further, That no funds shall be available for section 340G–1 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That fees collected for the disclosure of information under section 427(b) of the Health Care Quality Improvement Act of 1986 and sections 1128E(d)(2) and 1921 of the Social Security Act shall be sufficient to recover the full costs of operating the programs authorized by such sections and shall remain available until expended for the National Practitioner Data Bank: Provided further, That funds transferred to this account to carry out section 846 and subpart 3 of part D of title III of the PHS Act may be used to make prior year adjustments to awards made under such section and subpart: Provided further, That $126,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the purposes of providing primary health services, assigning National Health Service Corps ( NHSC ) participants to expand the delivery of substance use disorder treatment services, notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), and 333A(a)(1)(B)(ii) of the PHS Act, and making payments under the NHSC Loan Repayment Program under section 338B of such Act: Provided further, That, within the amount made available in the previous proviso, $16,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the purposes of making payments under the NHSC Loan Repayment Program under section 338B of the PHS Act to individuals participating in such program who provide primary health services in Indian Health Service facilities, Tribally-Operated 638 Health Programs, and Urban Indian Health Programs (as those terms are defined by the Secretary), notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations under section 333(b) of such Act: Provided further, That for purposes of the previous two provisos, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term primary health services includes clinical substance use disorder treatment services, including those provided by masters level, licensed substance use disorder treatment counselors: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $6,000,000 shall be available to make grants to establish, expand, or maintain optional community-based nurse practitioner fellowship programs that are accredited or in the accreditation process, with a preference for those in Federally Qualified Health Centers, for practicing postgraduate nurse practitioners in primary care or behavioral health: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $10,000,000 shall remain available until expended for activities under section 775 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That the United States may recover liquidated damages in an amount determined by the formula under section 338E(c)(1) of the PHS Act if an individual either fails to begin or complete the service obligated by a contract under section 775(b) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That for purposes of section 775(c)(1) of the PHS Act, the Secretary may include other mental and behavioral health disciplines as the Secretary deems appropriate: Provided further, That the Secretary may terminate a contract entered into under section 775 of the PHS Act in the same manner articulated in section 206 of this title for fiscal year 2024 contracts entered into under section 338B of the PHS Act. Of the funds made available under this heading, $60,000,000 shall remain available until expended for grants to public institutions of higher education to expand or support graduate education for physicians provided by such institutions, including funding for infrastructure development, maintenance, equipment, and minor renovations or alterations: Provided, That, in awarding such grants, the Secretary shall give priority to public institutions of higher education located in States with a projected primary care provider shortage in 2030, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That grants so awarded are limited to such public institutions of higher education in States in the top quintile of States with a projected primary care provider shortage in 2030, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That the minimum amount of a grant so awarded to such an institution shall be not less than $1,000,000 per year: Provided further, That such a grant may be awarded for a period not to exceed 5 years: Provided further, That such a grant awarded with respect to a year to such an institution shall be subject to a matching requirement of non-Federal funds in an amount that is not more than 10 percent of the total amount of Federal funds provided in the grant to such institution with respect to such year. MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH For carrying out titles III, XI, XII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to maternal and child health and title V of the Social Security Act, $991,582,000: Provided, That notwithstanding sections 502(a)(1) and 502(b)(1) of the Social Security Act, not more than $177,268,000 shall be available for carrying out special projects of regional and national significance pursuant to section 501(a)(2) of such Act and $10,276,000 shall be available for projects described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of section 501(a)(3) of such Act. RYAN WHITE HIV/AIDS PROGRAM For carrying out title XXVI of the PHS Act with respect to the Ryan White HIV/AIDS program, $2,332,535,000, of which $2,045,630,000 shall remain available to the Secretary through September 30, 2026, for parts A and B of title XXVI of the PHS Act, and of which not less than $900,313,000 shall be for State AIDS Drug Assistance Programs under the authority of section 2616 or 311(c) of such Act. HEALTH SYSTEMS For carrying out titles III and XII of the PHS Act with respect to health care systems, and the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, $101,009,000, of which $122,000 shall be available until expended for facility renovations and other facilities-related expenses of the National Hansen’s Disease Program: Provided, That the second sentence in section 372(a) of the PHS Act and section 372(b)(1)(A) of the PHS Act shall not apply to any contracts awarded by the Secretary of Health and Human Services for the operation of the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network. RURAL HEALTH For carrying out titles III and IV of the PHS Act with respect to rural health, section 427(a) of the Federal Coal Mine Health and Safety Act of 1969, and sections 711 and 1820 of the Social Security Act, $402,607,000, of which $74,277,000 from general revenues, notwithstanding section 1820(j) of the Social Security Act, shall be available for carrying out the Medicare rural hospital flexibility grants program: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading for Medicare rural hospital flexibility grants, $25,942,000 shall be available for the Small Rural Hospital Improvement Grant Program for quality improvement and adoption of health information technology, no less than $5,000,000 shall be available to award grants to public or non-profit private entities for the Rural Emergency Hospital Technical Assistance Program, and up to $1,000,000 shall be to carry out section 1820(g)(6) of the Social Security Act, with funds provided for grants under section 1820(g)(6) available for the purchase and implementation of telehealth services and other efforts to improve health care coordination for rural veterans between rural providers and the Department of Veterans Affairs: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 338J(k) of the PHS Act, $12,500,000 shall be available for State Offices of Rural Health: Provided further, That $12,700,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2026, to support the Rural Residency Development Program. HRSA-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT For carrying out title III of the Public Health Service Act and for cross-cutting activities and program support for activities funded in other appropriations included in this Act for the Health Resources and Services Administration, $215,088,000, of which $45,050,000 shall be for expenses necessary for the Office for the Advancement of Telehealth, including grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements for the advancement of telehealth activities: Provided, That funds made available under this heading may be used to supplement program support funding provided under the headings Primary Health Care , Health Workforce , Maternal and Child Health , Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program , Health Systems , and Rural Health . VACCINE INJURY COMPENSATION PROGRAM TRUST FUND For payments from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program Trust Fund (the Trust Fund ), such sums as may be necessary for claims associated with vaccine-related injury or death with respect to vaccines administered after September 30, 1988, pursuant to subtitle 2 of title XXI of the PHS Act, to remain available until expended: Provided, That for necessary administrative expenses, not to exceed $15,200,000 shall be available from the Trust Fund to the Secretary. COVERED COUNTERMEASURES PROCESS FUND For carrying out section 319F–4 of the PHS Act, $7,000,000, to remain available until expended. Centers for disease control and prevention IMMUNIZATION AND RESPIRATORY DISEASES For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXI, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, and titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, with respect to immunization and respiratory diseases, $326,075,000. HIV/AIDS, VIRAL HEPATITIS, SEXUALLY TRANSMITTED DISEASES, AND TUBERCULOSIS PREVENTION For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXIII of the PHS Act with respect to HIV/AIDS, viral hepatitis, sexually transmitted diseases, and tuberculosis prevention, $1,171,056,000. EMERGING AND ZOONOTIC INFECTIOUS DISEASES For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, and titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, with respect to emerging and zoonotic infectious diseases, $708,772,000: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended to pay for the transportation, medical care, treatment, and other related costs of persons quarantined or isolated under Federal or State quarantine law. CHRONIC DISEASE PREVENTION AND HEALTH PROMOTION For carrying out titles II, III, XI, XV, XVII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to chronic disease prevention and health promotion, $797,569,000: Provided, That funds made available under this heading may be available for making grants under section 1509 of the PHS Act for not less than 21 States, tribes, or tribal organizations: Provided further, That the proportional funding requirements under section 1503(a) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading. BIRTH DEFECTS, DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES, DISABILITIES AND HEALTH For carrying out titles II, III, XI, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to birth defects, developmental disabilities, disabilities and health, $205,560,000. PUBLIC HEALTH SCIENTIFIC SERVICES For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to health statistics, surveillance, health informatics, and workforce development, $654,497,000. ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to environmental health, $130,850,000: Provided, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading up to $2,600,000 may remain available until expended for carrying out the Vessel Sanitation Program, in addition to user fee collections available for such purpose. INJURY PREVENTION AND CONTROL For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to injury prevention and control, $730,779,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE FOR OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act, sections 101, 102, 103, 201, 202, 203, 301, and 501 of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act, section 13 of the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act, and sections 20, 21, and 22 of the Occupational Safety and Health Act, with respect to occupational safety and health, $247,700,000. ENERGY EMPLOYEES OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS COMPENSATION PROGRAM For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $55,358,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That this amount shall be available consistent with the provision regarding administrative expenses in section 151(b) of division B, title I of Public Law 106–554 . GLOBAL HEALTH For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to global health, $370,772,000, of which $100,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2026, for global public health protection: Provided, That funds may be used for purchase and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries. PUBLIC HEALTH PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to public health preparedness and response, and for expenses necessary to support activities related to countering potential biological, nuclear, radiological, and chemical threats to civilian populations, $735,000,000: Provided, That the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (referred to in this title as CDC ) or the Administrator of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry may detail staff without reimbursement to support an activation of the CDC Emergency Operations Center, so long as the Director or Administrator, as applicable, provides a notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 15 days of the use of this authority, a full report within 30 days after use of this authority which includes the number of staff and funding level broken down by the originating center and number of days detailed, and an update of such report every 180 days until staff are no longer on detail without reimbursement to the CDC Emergency Operations Center. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES (Including Transfer of Funds) For acquisition of real property, equipment, construction, installation, demolition, and renovation of facilities, $40,000,000, which shall remain available until expended: Provided, That funds made available to this account in this or any prior Act that are available for the acquisition of real property or for construction or improvement of facilities shall be available to make improvements on non-federally owned property, provided that any improvements that are not adjacent to federally owned property do not exceed $2,500,000, and that the primary benefit of such improvements accrues to CDC: Provided further, That funds previously set-aside by CDC for repair and upgrade of the Lake Lynn Experimental Mine and Laboratory shall be used to acquire a replacement mine safety research facility: Provided further, That funds made available to this account in this or any prior Act that are available for the acquisition of real property or for construction or improvement of facilities in conjunction with the new replacement mine safety research facility shall be available to make improvements on non-federally owned property, provided that any improvements that are not adjacent to federally owned property do not exceed $5,000,000: Provided further, That in addition, the prior year unobligated balance of any amounts assigned to former employees in accounts of CDC made available for Individual Learning Accounts shall be credited to and merged with the amounts made available under this heading to support the replacement of the mine safety research facility. CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT (Including Transfer of Funds) For carrying out titles II, III, XVII and XIX, and section 2821 of the PHS Act and for cross-cutting activities and program support for activities funded in other appropriations included in this Act for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, $231,428,000: Provided, That paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b) of section 2821 of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading and in all other accounts of the CDC: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $35,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available to the Director of the CDC for deposit in the Infectious Diseases Rapid Response Reserve Fund established by section 231 of division B of Public Law 115–245 : Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to support a contract for the operation and maintenance of an aircraft in direct support of activities throughout CDC to ensure the agency is prepared to address public health preparedness emergencies: Provided further, That employees of CDC or the Public Health Service, both civilian and commissioned officers, detailed to States, municipalities, or other organizations under authority of section 214 of the PHS Act, or in overseas assignments, shall be treated as non-Federal employees for reporting purposes only and shall not be included within any personnel ceiling applicable to the Agency, Service, or HHS during the period of detail or assignment: Provided further, That CDC may use up to $10,000 from amounts appropriated to CDC in this Act for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Director of CDC: Provided further, That in addition, such sums as may be derived from authorized user fees, which shall be credited to the appropriation charged with the cost thereof: Provided further, That with respect to the previous proviso, authorized user fees from the Vessel Sanitation Program and the Respirator Certification Program shall be available through September 30, 2025. National institutes of health NATIONAL CANCER INSTITUTE For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cancer, $7,104,159,000, of which up to $30,000,000 may be used for facilities repairs and improvements at the National Cancer Institute—Frederick Federally Funded Research and Development Center in Frederick, Maryland. NATIONAL HEART, LUNG, AND BLOOD INSTITUTE For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cardiovascular, lung, and blood diseases, and blood and blood products, $3,982,345,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF DENTAL AND CRANIOFACIAL RESEARCH For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to dental and craniofacial diseases, $520,163,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF DIABETES AND DIGESTIVE AND KIDNEY DISEASES For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to diabetes and digestive and kidney disease, $2,300,721,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF NEUROLOGICAL DISORDERS AND STROKE For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to neurological disorders and stroke, $2,588,925,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND INFECTIOUS DISEASES For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to allergy and infectious diseases, $5,062,279,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF GENERAL MEDICAL SCIENCES For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to general medical sciences, $3,154,679,000, of which $1,327,482,000 shall be from funds available under section 241 of the PHS Act: Provided, That not less than $435,956,000 is provided for the Institutional Development Awards program. EUNICE KENNEDY SHRIVER NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF CHILD HEALTH AND HUMAN DEVELOPMENT For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to child health and human development, $1,749,078,000. NATIONAL EYE INSTITUTE For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to eye diseases and visual disorders, $896,549,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH SCIENCES For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to environmental health sciences, $913,979,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON AGING For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to aging, $4,407,623,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ARTHRITIS AND MUSCULOSKELETAL AND SKIN DISEASES For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases, $685,465,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON DEAFNESS AND OTHER COMMUNICATION DISORDERS For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to deafness and other communication disorders, $534,333,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF NURSING RESEARCH For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to nursing research, $197,693,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON ALCOHOL ABUSE AND ALCOHOLISM For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to alcohol abuse and alcoholism, $595,318,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON DRUG ABUSE For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to drug abuse, $1,662,695,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF MENTAL HEALTH For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, $2,112,843,000. NATIONAL HUMAN GENOME RESEARCH INSTITUTE For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to human genome research, $663,200,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF BIOMEDICAL IMAGING AND BIOENGINEERING For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to biomedical imaging and bioengineering research, $440,627,000. NATIONAL CENTER FOR COMPLEMENTARY AND INTEGRATIVE HEALTH For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to complementary and integrative health, $170,384,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON MINORITY HEALTH AND HEALTH DISPARITIES For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to minority health and health disparities research, $524,395,000. JOHN E. FOGARTY INTERNATIONAL CENTER For carrying out the activities of the John E. Fogarty International Center (described in subpart 2 of part E of title IV of the PHS Act), $95,162,000. NATIONAL LIBRARY OF MEDICINE For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to health information communications, $497,548,000: Provided, That of the amounts available for improvement of information systems, $4,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2025: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2024, the National Library of Medicine may enter into personal services contracts for the provision of services in facilities owned, operated, or constructed under the jurisdiction of the National Institutes of Health (referred to in this title as NIH ). NATIONAL CENTER FOR ADVANCING TRANSLATIONAL SCIENCES For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to translational sciences, $923,323,000: Provided, That not less than $75,000,000 shall be available to implement section 480 of the PHS Act, relating to the Cures Acceleration Network: Provided further, That at least $629,560,000 is provided to the Clinical and Translational Sciences Awards program. OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR For carrying out the responsibilities of the Office of the Director, NIH, $2,069,459,000: Provided, That funding shall be available for the purchase of not to exceed 29 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only: Provided further, That all funds credited to the NIH Management Fund shall remain available for one fiscal year after the fiscal year in which they are deposited: Provided further, That $722,401,000 shall be available for the Common Fund established under section 402A(c)(1) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $10,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Director of the NIH: Provided further, That the Office of AIDS Research within the Office of the Director of the NIH may spend up to $8,000,000 to make grants for construction or renovation of facilities as provided for in section 2354(a)(5)(B) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That $80,000,000 shall be used to carry out section 404I of the PHS Act ( 42 U.S.C. 283k ), relating to biomedical and behavioral research facilities: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading are also available to establish, operate, and support the Research Policy Board authorized by section 2034(f) of the 21st Century Cures Act. In addition to other funds appropriated for the Common Fund established under section 402A(c) of the PHS Act, $12,600,000 is appropriated to the Common Fund from the 10-year Pediatric Research Initiative Fund described in section 9008 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ( 26 U.S.C. 9008 ), for the purpose of carrying out section 402(b)(7)(B)(ii) of the PHS Act (relating to pediatric research), as authorized in the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES For the study of, construction of, demolition of, renovation of, and acquisition of equipment for, facilities of or used by NIH, including the acquisition of real property, $350,000,000, to remain available until expended. NIH INNOVATION ACCOUNT, CURES ACT (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described in section 1001(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act, in addition to amounts available for such purposes in the appropriations provided to the NIH in this Act, $407,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts are appropriated pursuant to section 1001(b)(3) of such Act, are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1001(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Director of the National Institutes of Health to other accounts of the National Institutes of Health solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Director that funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso are not necessary for the purposes provided, such amounts may be transferred back to the Account: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY FOR HEALTH For carrying out section 301 and part J of title IV of the PHS Act with respect to advanced research projects for health, $500,000,000. Substance abuse and mental health services administration MENTAL HEALTH For carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act, and the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, $2,706,282,000: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading, $93,887,000 shall be for the National Child Traumatic Stress Initiative: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 520A(f)(2) of the PHS Act, no funds appropriated for carrying out section 520A shall be available for carrying out section 1971 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That in addition to amounts provided herein, $21,039,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out subpart I of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act to fund section 1920(b) technical assistance, national data, data collection and evaluation activities, and further that the total available under this Act for section 1920(b) activities shall not exceed 5 percent of the amounts appropriated for subpart I of part B of title XIX: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading for subpart I of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act, at least 5 percent shall be available to support evidence-based crisis systems: Provided further, That up to 10 percent of the amounts made available to carry out the Children’s Mental Health Services program may be used to carry out demonstration grants or contracts for early interventions with persons not more than 25 years of age at clinical high risk of developing a first episode of psychosis: Provided further, That section 520E(b)(2) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds appropriated in this Act for fiscal year 2024: Provided further, That $385,000,000 shall be available for grants to communities and community organizations who meet criteria for Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinics pursuant to section 223(a) of Public Law 113–93 : Provided further, That none of the funds provided for section 1911 of the PHS Act shall be subject to section 241 of such Act: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $21,420,000 shall be to carry out section 224 of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 ( Public Law 113–93 ; 42 U.S.C. 290aa 22 note). SUBSTANCE ABUSE TREATMENT For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse treatment and title XIX of such Act with respect to substance abuse treatment and prevention, section 1003 of the 21st Century Cures Act, and the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, $3,980,103,000: Provided, That $1,583,000,000 shall be for carrying out section 1003 of the 21st Century Cures Act: Provided further, That of such amount in the preceding proviso not less than 4 percent shall be made available to Indian Tribes or tribal organizations: Provided further, That of the amount reserved by the previous proviso, the Secretary shall award grants using data that the Secretary determines to be the most objective and reliable measure of drug use and drug-related deaths: Provided further, That in addition to amounts provided herein, the following amounts shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act: (1) $79,200,000 to carry out subpart II of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act to fund section 1935(b) technical assistance, national data, data collection and evaluation activities, and further that the total available under this Act for section 1935(b) activities shall not exceed 5 percent of the amounts appropriated for subpart II of part B of title XIX; and (2) $2,000,000 to evaluate substance abuse treatment programs: Provided further, That none of the funds provided for section 1921 of the PHS Act or State Opioid Response Grants shall be subject to section 241 of such Act. SUBSTANCE ABUSE PREVENTION For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse prevention, $179,602,000. HEALTH SURVEILLANCE AND PROGRAM SUPPORT For program support and cross-cutting activities that supplement activities funded under the headings Mental Health , Substance Abuse Treatment , and Substance Abuse Prevention in carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act and the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, $109,895,000: Provided, That in addition to amounts provided herein, $31,428,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to supplement funds available to carry out national surveys on drug abuse and mental health, to collect and analyze program data, and to conduct public awareness and technical assistance activities: Provided further, That, in addition, fees may be collected for the costs of publications, data, data tabulations, and data analysis completed under title V of the PHS Act and provided to a public or private entity upon request, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until expended for such purposes: Provided further, That amounts made available in this Act for carrying out section 501(o) of the PHS Act shall remain available through September 30, 2025: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading (other than amounts specified in the first proviso under this heading) may be used to supplement program support funding provided under the headings Mental Health , Substance Abuse Treatment , and Substance Abuse Prevention . Centers for MedicareMedicaid Services GRANTS TO STATES FOR MEDICAID For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles XI and XIX of the Social Security Act, $406,956,850,000, to remain available until expended. In addition, for carrying out such titles after May 31, 2024, for the last quarter of fiscal year 2024 for unanticipated costs incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended. In addition, for carrying out such titles for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, $245,580,414,000, to remain available until expended. Payment under such title XIX may be made for any quarter with respect to a State plan or plan amendment in effect during such quarter, if submitted in or prior to such quarter and approved in that or any subsequent quarter. PAYMENTS TO THE HEALTH CARE TRUST FUNDS For payment to the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as provided under sections 217(g), 1844, and 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act, sections 103(c) and 111(d) of the Social Security Amendments of 1965, section 278(d)(3) of Public Law 97–248 , and for administrative expenses incurred pursuant to section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, $476,725,000,000. In addition, for making matching payments under section 1844 and benefit payments under section 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act that were not anticipated in budget estimates, such sums as may be necessary. PROGRAM MANAGEMENT For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles XI, XVIII, XIX, and XXI of the Social Security Act, titles XIII and XXVII of the PHS Act, the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988, and other responsibilities of the Centers for MedicareMedicaid Services, not to exceed $3,326,690,000 to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) of the Social Security Act; together with all funds collected in accordance with section 353 of the PHS Act and section 1857(e)(2) of the Social Security Act, funds retained by the Secretary pursuant to section 1893(h) of the Social Security Act, and such sums as may be collected from authorized user fees and the sale of data, which shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided, That all funds derived in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 9701 from organizations established under title XIII of the PHS Act shall be credited to and available for carrying out the purposes of this appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary is directed to collect fees in fiscal year 2024 from Medicare Advantage organizations pursuant to section 1857(e)(2) of the Social Security Act and from eligible organizations with risk-sharing contracts under section 1876 of that Act pursuant to section 1876(k)(4)(D) of that Act: Provided further, That of the amount made available under this heading, $397,334,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025, and shall be available for the Survey and Certification Program: Provided further, That amounts available under this heading to support quality improvement organizations (as defined in section 1152 of the Social Security Act) shall not exceed the amount specifically provided for such purpose under this heading in division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 ( Public Law 115–141 ). HEALTH CARE FRAUD AND ABUSE CONTROL ACCOUNT In addition to amounts otherwise available for program integrity and program management, $915,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2025, to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, of which $675,648,000 shall be for the Centers for MedicareMedicaid Services program integrity activities, of which $100,145,000 shall be for the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General to carry out fraud and abuse activities authorized by section 1817(k)(3) of such Act, and of which $132,207,000 shall be for the Department of Justice to carry out fraud and abuse activities authorized by section 1817(k)(3) of such Act: Provided, That the report required by section 1817(k)(5) of the Social Security Act for fiscal year 2024 shall include measures of the operational efficiency and impact on fraud, waste, and abuse in the Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP programs for the funds provided by this appropriation: Provided further, That of the amount provided under this heading, $311,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(C)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $604,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(C)(i)(XI) of such Act for additional health care fraud and abuse control activities: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide not less than $35,000,000 from amounts made available under this heading and amounts made available for fiscal year 2024 under section 1817(k)(3)(A) of the Social Security Act for the Senior Medicare Patrol program to combat health care fraud and abuse. Administration for children and families PAYMENTS TO STATES FOR CHILD SUPPORT ENFORCEMENT AND FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAMS For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, $3,309,000,000, to remain available until expended; and for such purposes for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, $1,400,000,000, to remain available until expended. For carrying out, after May 31 of the current fiscal year, except as otherwise provided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. LOW INCOME HOME ENERGY ASSISTANCE For making payments under subsections (b) and (d) of section 2602 of the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981 ( 42 U.S.C. 8621 et seq. ), $4,011,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 2609A(a) of such Act, not more than $9,600,000 may be reserved by the Secretary for technical assistance, training, and monitoring of program activities for compliance with internal controls, policies and procedures, and to supplement funding otherwise available for necessary administrative expenses to carry out such Act, and the Secretary may, in addition to the authorities provided in section 2609A(a)(1), use such funds through contracts with private entities that do not qualify as nonprofit organizations: Provided further, That all but $900,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be allocated as though the total appropriation for such payments for fiscal year 2024 was less than $1,975,000,000: Provided further, That, after applying all applicable provisions of section 2604 of such Act and the previous proviso, each State or territory that would otherwise receive an allocation that is less than 97 percent of the amount that it received under this heading for fiscal year 2023 from amounts appropriated in Public Law 117–328 shall have its allocation increased to that 97 percent level, with the portions of other States' and territories' allocations that would exceed 100 percent of the amounts they respectively received in such fashion for fiscal year 2023 being ratably reduced. REFUGEE AND ENTRANT ASSISTANCE For necessary expenses for refugee and entrant assistance activities authorized by section 414 of the Immigration and Nationality Act and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980, and for carrying out section 462 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008, the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 ( TVPA ), and the Torture Victims Relief Act of 1998, $2,756,956,000, of which $2,707,201,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2026, for carrying out such sections 414, 501, 462, and 235: Provided, That amounts available under this heading to carry out the TVPA shall also be available for research and evaluation with respect to activities under such Act: Provided further, That the contribution of funds requirement under section 235(c)(6)(C)(iii) of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 shall not apply to funds made available under this heading. PAYMENTS TO STATES FOR THE CHILD CARE AND DEVELOPMENT BLOCK GRANT For carrying out the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 ( CCDBG Act ), $8,021,387,000 shall be used to supplement, not supplant State general revenue funds for child care assistance for low-income families: Provided, That technical assistance under section 658I(a)(3) of such Act may be provided directly, or through the use of contracts, grants, cooperative agreements, or interagency agreements: Provided further, That all funds made available to carry out section 418 of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 618 ), including funds appropriated for that purpose in such section 418 or any other provision of law, shall be subject to the reservation of funds authority in paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 658O(a) of the CCDBG Act: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 658O(a)(2) of such Act, 5 percent of the amount appropriated under this heading for such Act shall be reserved under such section for Indian tribes and tribal organizations with applications approved under section 658O(c) of such Act: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, the Secretary may reserve up to 0.5 percent for Federal administrative expenses. SOCIAL SERVICES BLOCK GRANT For making grants to States pursuant to section 2002 of the Social Security Act, $1,700,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding subparagraph (B) of section 404(d)(2) of such Act, the applicable percent specified under such subparagraph for a State to carry out State programs pursuant to title XX–A of such Act shall be 10 percent. CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SERVICES PROGRAMS For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, the Head Start Act, the Every Student Succeeds Act, the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, sections 303 and 313 of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act, the Native American Programs Act of 1974, title II of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment and Adoption Reform Act of 1978 (adoption opportunities), part B–1 of title IV and sections 429, 473A, 477(i), 1110, 1114A, and 1115 of the Social Security Act, and the Community Services Block Grant Act ( CSBG Act ); and for necessary administrative expenses to carry out titles I, IV, V, X, XI, XIV, XVI, and XX–A of the Social Security Act, the Act of July 5, 1960, and the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981, $13,388,077,000, of which $75,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2025, shall be for grants to States for adoption and legal guardianship incentive payments, as defined by section 473A of the Social Security Act and may be made for adoptions and legal guardianships completed before September 30, 2024: Provided, That $11,246,820,000 shall be for making payments under the Head Start Act, including for Early Head Start–Child Care Partnerships, and, of which, notwithstanding section 640 of such Act: (1) $25,000,000 shall be available for allocation by the Secretary to supplement activities described in paragraphs (7)(B) and (9) of section 641(c) of the Head Start Act under the Designation Renewal System, established under the authority of sections 641(c)(7), 645A(b)(12), and 645A(d) of such Act, and such funds shall not be included in the calculation of base grant in subsequent fiscal years, as such term is used in section 640(a)(7)(A) of such Act; (2) $8,000,000 shall be available for the Tribal Colleges and Universities Head Start Partnership Program consistent with section 648(g) of such Act; and (3) up to $40,000,000 shall be available to supplement funding otherwise available for research, evaluation, and Federal administrative costs: Provided further, That notwithstanding the income eligibility requirements of subsection (a) and paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (d) of section 645 of the Head Start Act, and of the income eligibility criteria and allowances prescribed in regulations under such Act, an Indian tribe that operates a Head Start program may, at its discretion, establish selection criteria, including criteria to prioritize children in families for which a child, a family member, or a member of the same household, is a member of an Indian tribe, to enroll children who would benefit from the Head Start program: Provided further, That the Secretary may reduce the reservation of funds under section 640(a)(2)(C) of such Act in lieu of reducing the reservation of funds under sections 640(a)(2)(B), 640(a)(2)(D), and 640(a)(2)(E) of such Act: Provided further, That $804,383,000 shall be for making payments under the CSBG Act: Provided further, That $34,383,000 shall be for section 680 of the CSBG Act, of which not less than $22,383,000 shall be for section 680(a)(2) and not less than $12,000,000 shall be for section 680(a)(3)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding section 675C(a)(3) of the CSBG Act, to the extent Community Services Block Grant funds are distributed as grant funds by a State to an eligible entity as provided under such Act, and have not been expended by such entity, they shall remain with such entity for carryover into the next fiscal year for expenditure by such entity consistent with program purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary shall establish procedures regarding the disposition of intangible assets and program income that permit such assets acquired with, and program income derived from, grant funds authorized under section 680 of the CSBG Act to become the sole property of such grantees after a period of not more than 12 years after the end of the grant period for any activity consistent with section 680(a)(2)(A) of the CSBG Act: Provided further, That intangible assets in the form of loans, equity investments and other debt instruments, and program income may be used by grantees for any eligible purpose consistent with section 680(a)(2)(A) of the CSBG Act: Provided further, That these procedures shall apply to such grant funds made available after November 29, 1999: Provided further, That funds appropriated for section 680(a)(2) of the CSBG Act shall be available for financing construction and rehabilitation and loans or investments in private business enterprises owned by community development corporations: Provided further, That $240,000,000 shall be for carrying out section 303(a) of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act, of which $7,000,000 shall be allocated notwithstanding section 303(a)(2) of such Act for carrying out section 309 of such Act: Provided further, That the percentages specified in section 112(a)(2) of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That $1,864,000 shall be for a human services case management system for federally declared disasters, to include a comprehensive national case management contract and Federal costs of administering the system: Provided further, That up to $2,000,000 shall be for improving the Public Assistance Reporting Information System, including grants to States to support data collection for a study of the system's effectiveness. PROMOTING SAFE AND STABLE FAMILIES For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, section 436 of the Social Security Act, $345,000,000 and, for carrying out, except as otherwise provided, section 437 of such Act, $86,515,000: Provided, That of the funds available to carry out section 437, $59,765,000 shall be allocated consistent with subsections (b) through (d) of such section: Provided, That of the funds available to carry out section 437, to assist in meeting the requirements described in section 471(e)(4)(C), $20,000,000 shall be for grants to each State, territory, and Indian tribe operating title IV–E plans for developing, enhancing, or evaluating kinship navigator programs, as described in section 427(a)(1) of such Act and $6,750,000, in addition to funds otherwise appropriated in section 476 for such purposes, shall be for the Family First Clearinghouse and to support evaluation and technical assistance relating to the evaluation of child and family services: Provided further, That section 437(b)(1) shall be applied to amounts in the previous proviso by substituting 5 percent for 3.3 percent , and notwithstanding section 436(b)(1), such reserved amounts may be used for identifying, establishing, and disseminating practices to meet the criteria specified in section 471(e)(4)(C): Provided further, That the reservation in section 437(b)(2) and the limitations in section 437(d) shall not apply to funds specified in the second proviso: Provided further, That the minimum grant award for kinship navigator programs in the case of States and territories shall be $200,000, and, in the case of tribes, shall be $25,000. PAYMENTS FOR FOSTER CARE AND PERMANENCY For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, $8,594,000,000. For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, $3,400,000,000. For carrying out, after May 31 of the current fiscal year, except as otherwise provided, section 474 of title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. Administration for community living AGING AND DISABILITY SERVICES PROGRAMS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Older Americans Act of 1965 ( OAA ), the RAISE Family Caregivers Act, the Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act, titles III and XXIX of the PHS Act, sections 1252 and 1253 of the PHS Act, section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, title XX–B of the Social Security Act, the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000, parts 2 and 5 of subtitle D of title II of the Help America Vote Act of 2002, the Assistive Technology Act of 1998, titles II and VII (and section 14 with respect to such titles) of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and for Department-wide coordination of policy and program activities that assist individuals with disabilities, $2,418,901,000, together with $55,242,000 to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund to carry out section 4360 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990: Provided, That of amounts made available under this heading to carry out sections 311, 331, and 336 of the OAA, up to one percent of such amounts shall be available for developing and implementing evidence-based practices for enhancing senior nutrition, including medically-tailored meals: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, funds made available under this heading to carry out section 311 of the OAA may be transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture in accordance with such section: Provided further, That up to 5 percent of the funds provided for adult protective services grants under section 2042 of title XX of the Social Security Act may be used to make grants to Tribes and tribal organizations: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to support alternative financing programs that provide for the purchase of assistive technology devices, such as a low-interest loan fund; an interest buy-down program; a revolving loan fund; a loan guarantee; or an insurance program: Provided further, That applicants shall provide an assurance that, and information describing the manner in which, the alternative financing program will expand and emphasize consumer choice and control: Provided further, That State agencies and community-based disability organizations that are directed by and operated for individuals with disabilities shall be eligible to compete: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used by an eligible system (as defined in section 102 of the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act ( 42 U.S.C. 10802 )) to continue to pursue any legal action in a Federal or State court on behalf of an individual or group of individuals with a developmental disability (as defined in section 102(8)(A) of the Developmental Disabilities and Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 ( 20 U.S.C. 15002(8)(A) ) that is attributable to a mental impairment (or a combination of mental and physical impairments), that has as the requested remedy the closure of State operated intermediate care facilities for people with intellectual or developmental disabilities, unless reasonable public notice of the action has been provided to such individuals (or, in the case of mental incapacitation, the legal guardians who have been specifically awarded authority by the courts to make healthcare and residential decisions on behalf of such individuals) who are affected by such action, within 90 days of instituting such legal action, which informs such individuals (or such legal guardians) of their legal rights and how to exercise such rights consistent with current Federal Rules of Civil Procedure: Provided further, That the limitations in the immediately preceding proviso shall not apply in the case of an individual who is neither competent to consent nor has a legal guardian, nor shall the proviso apply in the case of individuals who are a ward of the State or subject to public guardianship. Administration for strategic preparedness and response RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND PROCUREMENT For carrying out title III and subtitles A and B of title XXVIII of the PHS Act, with respect to the research, development, storage, production, and procurement of medical countermeasures to counter potential chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats to civilian populations, $3,277,991,000. Of such amount: (1) $1,100,000,000 shall be for expenses necessary to support advanced research and development pursuant to section 319L of the PHS Act and other administrative expenses of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, to remain available through September 30, 2025: Provided, That funds provided under this heading for purposes of acquisition of security countermeasures shall be in addition to any other funds made available for such purposes: Provided further, That products purchased with funds made available under this paragraph may, at the discretion of the Secretary, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile pursuant to section 319F–2 of the PHS Act; (2) $850,000,000 shall be for expenses necessary for procuring security countermeasures (as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act), to remain available until expended; (3) $1,000,000,000 shall be for expenses necessary to carry out section 319F–2(a) of the PHS Act, to remain available until expended; and (4) $327,991,000 shall be for expenses necessary to prepare for or respond to an influenza pandemic, of which $300,000,000 shall remain available until expended for activities including the development and purchase of vaccines, antivirals, necessary medical supplies, diagnostics, and surveillance tools: Provided, That notwithstanding section 496(b) of the PHS Act, funds allocated under this paragraph may be used for the construction or renovation of privately owned facilities for the production of pandemic influenza vaccines and other biologics, if the Secretary finds such construction or renovation necessary to secure sufficient supplies of such vaccines or biologics. OPERATIONS AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE For carrying out titles III, XII, and subtitles A and B of title XXVIII of the PHS Act, operations and emergency response activities related to countering potential chemical biological, radiological, and nuclear threats and other public health emergencies, $342,606,000. Office of the secretary GENERAL DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided, for general departmental management, for carrying out titles III, XVII, XXI, and section 229 of the PHS Act, the United States-Mexico Border Health Commission Act, and research studies under section 1110 of the Social Security Act, $402,341,000, together with $58,028,000 from the amounts available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out national health or human services research and evaluation activities: Provided, That of this amount, $28,000,000 shall be for minority AIDS prevention and treatment activities: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $40,000,000 shall be for making competitive grants which exclusively implement education in sexual risk avoidance (defined as voluntarily refraining from non-marital sexual activity): Provided further, That funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall use medically accurate information referenced to peer-reviewed publications by educational, scientific, governmental, or health organizations; implement an evidence-based approach integrating research findings with practical implementation that aligns with the needs and desired outcomes for the intended audience; and teach the benefits associated with self-regulation, success sequencing for poverty prevention, healthy relationships, goal setting, and resisting sexual coercion, dating violence, and other youth risk behaviors such as underage drinking or illicit drug use without normalizing teen sexual activity: Provided further, That no more than 10 percent of the funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall be available for technical assistance and administrative costs of such programs: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act for embryo adoption activities may be used to provide to individuals adopting embryos, through grants and other mechanisms, medical and administrative services deemed necessary for such adoptions: Provided further, That such services shall be provided consistent with 42 CFR 59.5(a)(4): Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for carrying out prize competitions sponsored by the Office of the Secretary to accelerate innovation in the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of kidney diseases (as authorized by section 24 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 ( 15 U.S.C. 3719 )). MEDICARE HEARINGS AND APPEALS For expenses necessary for Medicare hearings and appeals in the Office of the Secretary, $196,000,000, of which $40,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2025, to be transferred in appropriate part from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL COORDINATOR FOR HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY For expenses necessary for the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, including grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements for the development and advancement of interoperable health information technology, $56,238,000 shall be from amounts made available under section 241 of the PHS Act. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles for investigations, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $80,000,000: Provided, That of such amount, necessary sums shall be available for providing protective services to the Secretary and investigating non-payment of child support cases for which non-payment is a Federal offense under 18 U.S.C. 228: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, necessary sums shall be available for carrying out activities authorized under section 3022 of the PHS Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300jj–52 ). OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, $32,000,000. RETIREMENT PAY AND MEDICAL BENEFITS FOR COMMISSIONED OFFICERS For retirement pay and medical benefits of Public Health Service Commissioned Officers as authorized by law, for payments under the Retired Serviceman's Family Protection Plan and Survivor Benefit Plan, and for medical care of dependents and retired personnel under the Dependents' Medical Care Act, such amounts as may be required during the current fiscal year. General provisions 201. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for not to exceed $50,000 for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Secretary. 202. None of the funds appropriated in this title shall be used to pay the salary of an individual, through a grant or other extramural mechanism, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this title shall be used to prevent the NIH from paying up to 100 percent of the salary of an individual at this rate. 203. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended pursuant to section 241 of the PHS Act, except for funds specifically provided for in this Act, or for other taps and assessments made by any office located in HHS, prior to the preparation and submission of a report by the Secretary to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the planned uses of such funds. 204. Notwithstanding section 241(a) of the PHS Act, such portion as the Secretary shall determine, but not more than 2.5 percent, of any amounts appropriated for programs authorized under such Act shall be made available for the evaluation (directly, or by grants or contracts) of the implementation and effectiveness of such programs. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 205. Not to exceed 1 percent of any discretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the current fiscal year for HHS in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 206. In lieu of the timeframe specified in section 338E(c)(2) of the PHS Act, terminations described in such section may occur up to 60 days after the effective date of a contract awarded in fiscal year 2024 under section 338B of such Act, or at any time if the individual who has been awarded such contract has not received funds due under the contract. 207. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be made available to any entity under title X of the PHS Act unless the applicant for the award certifies to the Secretary that it encourages family participation in the decision of minors to seek family planning services and that it provides counseling to minors on how to resist attempts to coerce minors into engaging in sexual activities. 208. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no provider of services under title X of the PHS Act shall be exempt from any State law requiring notification or the reporting of child abuse, child molestation, sexual abuse, rape, or incest. 209. None of the funds appropriated by this Act (including funds appropriated to any trust fund) may be used to carry out the Medicare Advantage program if the Secretary denies participation in such program to an otherwise eligible entity (including a Provider Sponsored Organization) because the entity informs the Secretary that it will not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or provide referrals for abortions: Provided, That the Secretary shall make appropriate prospective adjustments to the capitation payment to such an entity (based on an actuarially sound estimate of the expected costs of providing the service to such entity's enrollees): Provided further, That nothing in this section shall be construed to change the Medicare program's coverage for such services and a Medicare Advantage organization described in this section shall be responsible for informing enrollees where to obtain information about all Medicare covered services. 210. None of the funds made available in this title may be used, in whole or in part, to advocate or promote gun control. 211. The Secretary shall make available through assignment not more than 60 employees of the Public Health Service to assist in child survival activities and to work in AIDS programs through and with funds provided by the Agency for International Development, the United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund or the World Health Organization. 212. In order for HHS to carry out international health activities, including HIV/AIDS and other infectious disease, chronic and environmental disease, and other health activities abroad during fiscal year 2024: (1) The Secretary may exercise authority equivalent to that available to the Secretary of State in section 2(c) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956. The Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of State and relevant Chief of Mission to ensure that the authority provided in this section is exercised in a manner consistent with section 207 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 and other applicable statutes administered by the Department of State. (2) The Secretary is authorized to provide such funds by advance or reimbursement to the Secretary of State as may be necessary to pay the costs of acquisition, lease, alteration, renovation, and management of facilities outside of the United States for the use of HHS. The Department of State shall cooperate fully with the Secretary to ensure that HHS has secure, safe, functional facilities that comply with applicable regulation governing location, setback, and other facilities requirements and serve the purposes established by this Act. The Secretary is authorized, in consultation with the Secretary of State, through grant or cooperative agreement, to make available to public or nonprofit private institutions or agencies in participating foreign countries, funds to acquire, lease, alter, or renovate facilities in those countries as necessary to conduct programs of assistance for international health activities, including activities relating to HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases, chronic and environmental diseases, and other health activities abroad. (3) The Secretary is authorized to provide to personnel appointed or assigned by the Secretary to serve abroad, allowances and benefits similar to those provided under chapter 9 of title I of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, and 22 U.S.C. 4081 through 4086 and subject to such regulations prescribed by the Secretary. The Secretary is further authorized to provide locality-based comparability payments (stated as a percentage) up to the amount of the locality-based comparability payment (stated as a percentage) that would be payable to such personnel under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code if such personnel's official duty station were in the District of Columbia. Leaves of absence for personnel under this subsection shall be on the same basis as that provided under subchapter I of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, or section 903 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, to individuals serving in the Foreign Service. (Transfer of Funds) 213. The Director of the NIH, jointly with the Director of the Office of AIDS Research, may transfer up to 3 percent among institutes and centers from the total amounts identified by these two Directors as funding for research pertaining to the human immunodeficiency virus: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. (Transfer of Funds) 214. Of the amounts made available in this Act for NIH, the amount for research related to the human immunodeficiency virus, as jointly determined by the Director of NIH and the Director of the Office of AIDS Research, shall be made available to the Office of AIDS Research account. The Director of the Office of AIDS Research shall transfer from such account amounts necessary to carry out section 2353(d)(3) of the PHS Act. 215. (a) Authority Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Director of NIH ( Director ) may use funds authorized under section 402(b)(12) of the PHS Act to enter into transactions (other than contracts, cooperative agreements, or grants) to carry out research identified pursuant to or research and activities described in such section 402(b)(12). (b) Peer review In entering into transactions under subsection (a), the Director may utilize such peer review procedures (including consultation with appropriate scientific experts) as the Director determines to be appropriate to obtain assessments of scientific and technical merit. Such procedures shall apply to such transactions in lieu of the peer review and advisory council review procedures that would otherwise be required under sections 301(a)(3), 405(b)(1)(B), 405(b)(2), 406(a)(3)(A), 492, and 494 of the PHS Act. 216. Not to exceed $100,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act to the institutes and centers of the National Institutes of Health may be used for alteration, repair, or improvement of facilities, as necessary for the proper and efficient conduct of the activities authorized herein, at not to exceed $5,000,000 per project. (Transfer of Funds) 217. Of the amounts made available for NIH, 1 percent of the amount made available for National Research Service Awards ( NRSA ) shall be made available to the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration to make NRSA awards for research in primary medical care to individuals affiliated with entities who have received grants or contracts under sections 736, 739, or 747 of the PHS Act, and 1 percent of the amount made available for NRSA shall be made available to the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to make NRSA awards for health service research. 218. (a) The Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority ( BARDA ) may enter into a contract, for more than one but no more than 10 program years, for purchase of research services or of security countermeasures, as that term is defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(c)(1)(B)), if— (1) funds are available and obligated— (A) for the full period of the contract or for the first fiscal year in which the contract is in effect; and (B) for the estimated costs associated with a necessary termination of the contract; and (2) the Secretary determines that a multi-year contract will serve the best interests of the Federal Government by encouraging full and open competition or promoting economy in administration, performance, and operation of BARDA's programs. (b) A contract entered into under this section— (1) shall include a termination clause as described by subsection (c) of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code; and (2) shall be subject to the congressional notice requirement stated in subsection (d) of such section. 219. (a) The Secretary shall publish in the fiscal year 2025 budget justification and on Departmental Web sites information concerning the employment of full-time equivalent Federal employees or contractors for the purposes of implementing, administering, enforcing, or otherwise carrying out the provisions of the ACA, and the amendments made by that Act, in the proposed fiscal year and each fiscal year since the enactment of the ACA. (b) With respect to employees or contractors supported by all funds appropriated for purposes of carrying out the ACA (and the amendments made by that Act), the Secretary shall include, at a minimum, the following information: (1) For each such fiscal year, the section of such Act under which such funds were appropriated, a statement indicating the program, project, or activity receiving such funds, the Federal operating division or office that administers such program, and the amount of funding received in discretionary or mandatory appropriations. (2) For each such fiscal year, the number of full-time equivalent employees or contracted employees assigned to each authorized and funded provision detailed in accordance with paragraph (1). (c) In carrying out this section, the Secretary may exclude from the report employees or contractors who— (1) are supported through appropriations enacted in laws other than the ACA and work on programs that existed prior to the passage of the ACA; (2) spend less than 50 percent of their time on activities funded by or newly authorized in the ACA; or (3) work on contracts for which FTE reporting is not a requirement of their contract, such as fixed-price contracts. 220. The Secretary shall publish, as part of the fiscal year 2025 budget of the President submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, information that details the uses of all funds used by the Centers for MedicareMedicaid Services specifically for Health Insurance Exchanges for each fiscal year since the enactment of the ACA and the proposed uses for such funds for fiscal year 2025. Such information shall include, for each such fiscal year, the amount of funds used for each activity specified under the heading Health Insurance Exchange Transparency in the committee report accompanying this Act. 221. None of the funds made available by this Act from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund or the Federal Supplemental Medical Insurance Trust Fund, or transferred from other accounts funded by this Act to the Centers for MedicareMedicaid Services—Program Management account, may be used for payments under section 1342(b)(1) of Public Law 111–148 (relating to risk corridors). (Transfer of Funds) 222. (a) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transfer funds appropriated under section 4002 of the ACA to the accounts specified, in the amounts specified, and for the activities specified under the heading Prevention and Public Health Fund in the committee report accompanying this Act. (b) Notwithstanding section 4002(c) of the ACA, the Secretary may not further transfer these amounts. (c) Funds transferred for activities authorized under section 2821 of the PHS Act shall be made available without reference to section 2821(b) of such Act. 223. Effective during the period beginning on November 1, 2015 and ending January 1, 2025, any provision of law that refers (including through cross-reference to another provision of law) to the current recommendations of the United States Preventive Services Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention shall be administered by the Secretary involved as if— (1) such reference to such current recommendations were a reference to the recommendations of such Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention last issued before 2009; and (2) such recommendations last issued before 2009 applied to any screening mammography modality under section 1861(jj) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1395x(jj) ). (Transfer of Funds) 224. The NIH Director may transfer funds for opioid addiction, opioid alternatives, stimulant misuse and addiction, pain management, and addiction treatment to other Institutes and Centers of the NIH to be used for the same purpose 15 days after notifying the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That the transfer authority provided in the previous proviso is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. 225. (a) The Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: (1) Detailed monthly enrollment figures from the Exchanges established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 pertaining to enrollments during the open enrollment period; and (2) Notification of any new or competitive grant awards, including supplements, authorized under section 330 of the Public Health Service Act. (b) The Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate must be notified at least 2 business days in advance of any public release of enrollment information or the award of such grants. 226. The Department of Health and Human Services shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate a biannual report 30 days after enactment of this Act on staffing described in the committee report accompanying this Act. 227. Funds appropriated in this Act that are available for salaries and expenses of employees of the Department of Health and Human Services shall also be available to pay travel and related expenses of such an employee or of a member of his or her family, when such employee is assigned to duty, in the United States or in a U.S. territory, during a period and in a location that are the subject of a determination of a public health emergency under section 319 of the Public Health Service Act and such travel is necessary to obtain medical care for an illness, injury, or medical condition that cannot be adequately addressed in that location at that time. For purposes of this section, the term U.S. territory means Guam, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, or the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands. 228. The Department of Health and Human Services may accept donations from the private sector, nongovernmental organizations, and other groups independent of the Federal Government for the care of unaccompanied alien children (as defined in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2) )) in the care of the Office of Refugee Resettlement of the Administration for Children and Families, including medical goods and services, which may include early childhood developmental screenings, school supplies, toys, clothing, and any other items intended to promote the wellbeing of such children. 229. None of the funds made available in this Act under the heading Department of Health and Human Services—Administration for Children and Families—Refugee and Entrant Assistance may be obligated to a grantee or contractor to house unaccompanied alien children (as such term is defined in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2) )) in any facility that is not State-licensed for the care of unaccompanied alien children, except in the case that the Secretary determines that housing unaccompanied alien children in such a facility is necessary on a temporary basis due to an influx of such children or an emergency, provided that— (1) the terms of the grant or contract for the operations of any such facility that remains in operation for more than six consecutive months shall require compliance with— (A) the same requirements as licensed placements, as listed in Exhibit 1 of the Flores Settlement Agreement that the Secretary determines are applicable to non-State licensed facilities; and (B) staffing ratios of one (1) on-duty Youth Care Worker for every eight (8) children or youth during waking hours, one (1) on-duty Youth Care Worker for every sixteen (16) children or youth during sleeping hours, and clinician ratios to children (including mental health providers) as required in grantee cooperative agreements; (2) the Secretary may grant a 60-day waiver for a contractor’s or grantee’s non-compliance with paragraph (1) if the Secretary certifies and provides a report to Congress on the contractor’s or grantee’s good-faith efforts and progress towards compliance; (3) not more than four consecutive waivers under paragraph (2) may be granted to a contractor or grantee with respect to a specific facility; (4) ORR shall ensure full adherence to the monitoring requirements set forth in section 5.5 of its Policies and Procedures Guide as of May 15, 2019; (5) for any such unlicensed facility in operation for more than three consecutive months, ORR shall conduct a minimum of one comprehensive monitoring visit during the first three months of operation, with quarterly monitoring visits thereafter; and (6) not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, ORR shall brief the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate outlining the requirements of ORR for influx facilities including any requirement listed in paragraph (1)(A) that the Secretary has determined are not applicable to non-State licensed facilities. 230. In addition to the existing Congressional notification for formal site assessments of potential influx facilities, the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 15 days before operationalizing an unlicensed facility, and shall (1) specify whether the facility is hard-sided or soft-sided, and (2) provide analysis that indicates that, in the absence of the influx facility, the likely outcome is that unaccompanied alien children will remain in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security for longer than 72 hours or that unaccompanied alien children will be otherwise placed in danger. Within 60 days of bringing such a facility online, and monthly thereafter, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report detailing the total number of children in care at the facility, the average length of stay and average length of care of children at the facility, and, for any child that has been at the facility for more than 60 days, their length of stay and reason for delay in release. 231. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to prevent a United States Senator or Member of the House of Representatives from entering, for the purpose of conducting oversight, any facility in the United States used for the purpose of maintaining custody of, or otherwise housing, unaccompanied alien children (as defined in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2) )), provided that such Senator or Member has coordinated the oversight visit with the Office of Refugee Resettlement not less than two business days in advance to ensure that such visit would not interfere with the operations (including child welfare and child safety operations) of such facility. 232. Not later than 14 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and monthly thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and make publicly available online, a report with respect to children who were separated from their parents or legal guardians by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) (regardless of whether or not such separation was pursuant to an option selected by the children, parents, or guardians), subsequently classified as unaccompanied alien children, and transferred to the care and custody of ORR during the previous month. Each report shall contain the following information: (1) the number and ages of children so separated subsequent to apprehension at or between ports of entry, to be reported by sector where separation occurred; and (2) the documented cause of separation, as reported by DHS when each child was referred. 233. Funds appropriated in this Act that are available for salaries and expenses of employees of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall also be available for the primary and secondary schooling of eligible dependents of personnel stationed in a U.S. territory as defined in section 229 of this Act at costs not in excess of those paid for or reimbursed by the Department of Defense. 234. Section 231 of division B of the Department of Defense and Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Act, 2019 and Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019 ( 42 U.S.C. 247d–4a ) is amended by striking Provided further , That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and all that follows through and all the actual obligations incurred to date: and inserting the following: Provided further , That the Director shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, at least 15 days in advance of any transfer or obligation of funds made under the authority provided in this section, (1) a notification on the anticipated uses of such funds by program, project, or activity; and (2) a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds, including estimated personnel and administrative costs, disaggregated by program, project, or activity: Provided further , That such spend plans shall be updated to include all applicable obligations to date and unobligated amounts and submitted quarterly to such Committees on Appropriations until available funds are fully expended: Provided further , That the Director shall brief such Committees on Appropriations not later than 15 days after providing such a notification: Provided further , That the Director shall provide to such Committees on a monthly basis a report on all amounts available in the Reserve Fund for the current fiscal year and the preceding two fiscal years, including (1) each individual obligation above $5,000,000; (2) with respect to each such obligation, the notification to which it relates; and (3) the total amount unobligated in the Reserve Fund: . 235. Title VIII of division B of the CARES Act ( Public Law 116–136 ) is amended, under the heading Department of Health and Human Services–Centers for Disease Control and Prevention–CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support , by striking Provided further , That the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Director of the CDC, shall provide a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate every 14 days, for one year from the date from any such declaration or determination described in the third proviso of section 231 of division B of Public Law 115–245 , that details commitment and obligation information for the Reserve Fund during the prior two weeks, as long as such report would detail obligations in excess of $5,000,000, and upon the request by such Committees: . (RESCISSION) 236. Of the unobligated balances in the Nonrecurring Expenses Fund established in section 223 of division G of Public Law 110–161 , $1,000,000,000 are hereby rescinded not later than September 30, 2024: Provided, That from any remaining unobligated balances in such Fund, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may transfer up to $85,000,000 to Department of Health and Human Services—Centers for Disease Control and Prevention—Buildings and Facilities to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That, except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided by this Act may be obligated for a new program, project, or activity using such Fund for which a notification was not submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may obligate funds from such Fund for any program, project, or activity for which a notification was submitted before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may transfer amounts into such Fund: Provided further, That any amounts transferred into such Fund are available for the purposes provided by this section or for which a notification was submitted to such Committees on Appropriations before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the authority to transfer amounts under this section is in addition to any other transfer authority in law. 237. (a) Not later than March 16, 2023, and every 30 days thereafter, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate a report with respect to Federal expenditures made pursuant to a covered law. Such report shall include the following (if applicable for the period covered by the report): (1) The total amount of funding made available by covered laws (and the amendments made by such laws) that has been obligated to date. (2) A list of each financial award funded, in part or in full, by covered laws (and the amendments made by such laws), including the following information for each such award: (A) All recipients for which funding has been obligated. (B) The amount of funding that has been obligated for each recipient. (C) The type of award (such as a grant or loan). (3) The number, job title, and duties of any full time equivalent employees who have been hired using the funding made available by covered laws (and the amendments made by such laws). (4) An accounting of such funds that have not yet been obligated. (5) The identity of any contractors that have been procured using such funding. (6) The total amount of funding awarded under a covered law that was returned to the Treasury and the specific accounts to which such funds were obligated after being so returned. (7) The total amount of such funds that have been transferred out of each account established or funded under a covered law, and with respect to such transferred funds, the information specified in paragraphs (1) through (6). (b) For purposes of this section, the term covered law means— (1) section 11004 of Public Law 117–169 (commonly referred to as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ); (2) the American Rescue Plan Act ( Public Law 117–2 ) (and the amendments made by such Act); and (3) (A) the third paragraph under the heading Office of the Secretary—Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund of division B of the CARES Act ( Public Law 116–136 ); (B) the second paragraph under the heading Office of the Secretary—Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund of division B of the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act ( Public Law 116–139 ); and (C) the third paragraph under the heading Office of the Secretary—Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund of the Coronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2021 (division M of Public Law 117–260 ). 238. None of the funds provided in this Act under the heading Department of Health and Human Services—Office of the Secretary—General Departmental Management may be used for employee travel. 239. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to conduct or support research using human fetal tissue if such tissue is obtained pursuant to an induced abortion. 240. (a) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available by this Act may be made available either directly, through a State (including through managed care contracts with a State), or through any other means, to a prohibited entity. (b) PROHIBITED ENTITY.—The term prohibited entity means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clinics— (1) that, as of the date of enactment of this Act— (A) is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code; (B) is an essential community provider described in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, reproductive health, and related medical care; and (C) performs, or provides any funds to any other entity that performs abortions, other than an abortion performed— (i) in the case of a pregnancy that is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (ii) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life endangering physical condition caused by, or arising from, the pregnancy itself; and (2) for which the total amount of Federal grants to such entity, including grants to any affiliates, subsidiaries, or clinics of such entity, under title X of the Public Health Service Act in fiscal year 2016 exceeded $23,000,000. (c) (1) END OF PROHIBITION.—The definition in subsection (b) shall cease to apply to an entity if such entity certifies that it, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clinics, will not perform, and will not provide any funds to any other entity that performs, an abortion as described in subsection (b)(1)(C). (2) REPAYMENT.—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall seek repayment of any Federal assistance received by any entity that had made a certification described in paragraph (1) and subsequently violated the terms of such certification. 241. None of the funds in this Act may be used to support, administer, oversee, or issue a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement for the purposes of providing information on, promoting access to, or facilitating an abortion. 242. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funding may be made available to the EcoHealth Alliance, Inc. located in New York. 243. None of the funds provided in this Act to the Department of Health and Human Services, or provided under a previous or subsequent appropriations Act to such department, or provided from any account in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to such department, may be used to enforce the rule titled “Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Omnibus COVID-19 Health Care Staff Vaccination”, which was issued by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services on November 5, 2021, or any substantially similar rule. 244. None of the funds in this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce Executive Order 13988, entitled ‘Preventing and Combating Discrimination on the Basis of Gender Identity or Sexual Orientation,’ published by the Executive Office of the President on January 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7023). 245. Beginning on the fourth day following the date of enactment of this Act, the aggregate dollar amount appropriated under the heading Department of Health and Human Services—Office of the Secretary—General Departmental Management shall be reduced by $1,000 for each day on which the Secretary of Health and Human Services fails to submit to the Congress the fiscal year 2023 and 2024 Moyer Report. 246. None of the funds appropriated under this act may be used to require any project under title X of the PHS Act to refer for abortions: Provided, That no provider of services under title X of the PHS Act shall be required to subvert or operate in conflict with any State law limiting referral for abortion/pregnancy counseling. 247. Title II of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 202 et seq. ) is amended by inserting after section 245 the following: 245A. Civil action for certain violations (a) In general A qualified party may, in a civil action, obtain appropriate relief with regard to a designated violation. (b) Definitions For purposes of this section: (1) Designated violation The term designated violation means an actual or threatened violation of— (A) section 507(d) of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 (or any subsequent substantially similar provision); or (B) any funding condition imposed by the Federal Government pursuant to such section 507(d) (or such provision). (2) Qualified party The term qualified party means— (A) the Attorney General of the United States; (B) any attorney general of a State; or (C) any person or entity adversely affected by the designated violation without regard to whether such person or entity is a health care provider. (3) State governmental entity The term State governmental entity means a State, a local government within a State, and any agency or other governmental unit or subdivision of a State, or of such a local government. (c) Administrative remedies not required An action under this section may be commenced, and relief may be granted, without regard to whether the party commencing the action has sought or exhausted any available administrative remedies. (d) Defendants An action under this section may be maintained against a Federal agency committing a designated violation described in subsection (b)(1)(A) or any recipient or subrecipient of Federal assistance committing a designated violation described in subsection (b)(1)(B), including a State governmental entity. (e) Nature of relief In an action under this section, the court shall grant— (1) all appropriate relief, including injunctive relief, declaratory relief, and compensatory damages to prevent the occurrence, continuance, or repetition of the designated violation and to compensate for losses resulting from the designated violation; and (2) to a prevailing plaintiff, reasonable attorneys’ fees and litigation costs. Relief in an action under this section may include money damages even if the defendant is a governmental entity. (f) Abrogation of State Immunity No State or governmental official that commits a designated violation shall be immune under the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, the Eleventh Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, or any other source of law, from an action under subsection (a). . 248. None of the funds in this Act may be used to issue or implement as a final rule the proposed rule entitled Nondiscrimination in Health Programs and Activities published by the Department of Health and Human Services in the Federal Register on August 4, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 47824) (relating to section 1557 of the Affordable Care Act) or any successor or substantially similar rule. This title may be cited as the Department of Health and Human Services Appropriations Act, 2024 . III DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION Office of Elementary and Secondary Education EDUCATION FOR THE DISADVANTAGED For carrying out title I and subpart 2 of part B of title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ESEA ) and section 418A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as HEA ), $13,055,290,000, of which $2,126,990,000 shall become available on July 1, 2024, and shall remain available through September 30, 2025, and of which $10,841,177,000 shall become available on October 1, 2024, and shall remain available through September 30, 2025, for academic year 2024–2025: Provided, That $1,906,901,000 shall be for basic grants under section 1124 of the ESEA: Provided further, That up to $5,000,000 of these funds shall be available to the Secretary of Education (referred to in this title as Secretary ) on October 1, 2023, to obtain annually updated local educational agency-level census poverty data from the Bureau of the Census: Provided further, That $1,362,301,000 shall be for concentration grants under section 1124A of the ESEA: Provided further, That $4,542,550,000 shall be for targeted grants under section 1125 of the ESEA: Provided further, That $4,542,550,000 shall be for education finance incentive grants under section 1125A of the ESEA: Provided further, That $224,000,000 shall be for carrying out subpart 2 of part B of title II: Provided further, That $52,123,000 shall be for carrying out section 418A of the HEA. Impact Aid For carrying out programs of financial assistance to federally affected schools authorized by title VII of the ESEA, $1,618,112,000, of which $1,468,242,000 shall be for basic support payments under section 7003(b), $48,316,000 shall be for payments for children with disabilities under section 7003(d), $18,406,000 shall be for construction under section 7007(a), $78,313,000 shall be for Federal property payments under section 7002, and $4,835,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for facilities maintenance under section 7008: Provided, That for purposes of computing the amount of a payment for an eligible local educational agency under section 7003(a) for school year 2023–2024, children enrolled in a school of such agency that would otherwise be eligible for payment under section 7003(a)(1)(B) of such Act, but due to the deployment of both parents or legal guardians, or a parent or legal guardian having sole custody of such children, or due to the death of a military parent or legal guardian while on active duty (so long as such children reside on Federal property as described in section 7003(a)(1)(B)), are no longer eligible under such section, shall be considered as eligible students under such section, provided such students remain in average daily attendance at a school in the same local educational agency they attended prior to their change in eligibility status. School Improvement Programs For carrying out school improvement activities authorized by part B of title I, part A of title II, subpart 1 of part A of title IV, part B of title IV, part B of title V, and parts B and C of title VI of the ESEA; the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act; section 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002; the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003; and the Civil Rights Act of 1964, $4,850,428,000, of which $3,053,673,000 shall become available on July 1, 2024, and remain available through September 30, 2025, and of which $1,681,441,000 shall become available on October 1, 2024, and shall remain available through September 30, 2025, for academic year 2024–2025: Provided, That $1,329,673,000 shall be for part B of title IV: Provided further, That $45,897,000 shall be for part B of title VI, which may be used for construction, renovation, and modernization of any public elementary school, secondary school, or structure related to a public elementary school or secondary school that serves a predominantly Native Hawaiian student body, and that the 5 percent limitation in section 6205(b) of the ESEA on the use of funds for administrative purposes shall apply only to direct administrative costs: Provided further, That $44,953,000 shall be for part C of title VI, which shall be awarded on a competitive basis, and may be used for construction, and that the 5 percent limitation in section 6305 of the ESEA on the use of funds for administrative purposes shall apply only to direct administrative costs: Provided further, That $24,464,000 shall be available to carry out the Supplemental Education Grants program for the Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of the Marshall Islands: Provided further, That the Secretary may reserve up to 5 percent of the amount referred to in the previous proviso to provide technical assistance in the implementation of these grants: Provided further, That $215,000,000 shall be for part B of title V: Provided further, That $1,380,000,000 shall be available for grants under subpart 1 of part A of title IV: Provided further, That notwithstanding subsection (a)(3) of section 4103 of such Act, the Secretary may reserve not more than 1 percent under such subsection (a)(3) only for technical assistance. Indian Education For expenses necessary to carry out, to the extent not otherwise provided, title VI, part A of the ESEA, $194,746,000, of which $72,000,000 shall be for subpart 2 of part A of title VI and $12,365,000 shall be for subpart 3 of part A of title VI: Provided, That the 5 percent limitation in sections 6115(d), 6121(e), and 6133(g) of the ESEA on the use of funds for administrative purposes shall apply only to direct administrative costs: Provided further, That grants awarded under sections 6132 and 6133 of the ESEA with funds provided under this heading may be for a period of up to 5 years. Innovation and Improvement For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 1, 3, and 4 of part B of title II, and parts C, E, and subparts 1 and 4 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $737,000,000: Provided, That $3,000,000 shall be for subpart 3 of part B of title II and shall be made available without regard to sections 2201 and 2231(b): Provided further, That $450,000,000 shall be for part C of title IV, and shall be made available without regard to section 4311: Provided further, That section 4303(d)(3)(A)(i) shall not apply to the funds available for part C of title IV: Provided further, That of the funds available for part C of title IV, the Secretary shall use not less than $65,000,000 to carry out section 4304, up to $140,000,000, to remain available through March 31, 2025, to carry out section 4305(b), and not more than $16,000,000 to carry out the activities in section 4305(a)(3): Provided further, That the Secretary shall allow entities receiving grants under section 4303 to use up to 10 percent of such grants for activities described in section 4303(b)(2) and up to 5 percent for the activities described in section 4303(c)(1)(C): Provided further, That entities receiving grants under section 4304(k) shall not be required to meet the matching requirements described in section 4304(k)(2)(C) and (D) and shall not be required to use such grants to support facilities aid programs that allocate funds on a per-pupil basis: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 4601(b), $284,000,000 shall be available through December 31, 2024 for subpart 1 of part F of title IV. Safe Schools and Citizenship Education For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 2 and 3 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $316,000,000, to remain available through December 31, 2024: Provided, That $216,000,000 shall be available for section 4631, of which up to $5,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the Project School Emergency Response to Violence (Project SERV) program: Provided further, That $100,000,000 shall be available for section 4625. Special Education For carrying out the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) and the Special Olympics Sport and Empowerment Act of 2004, $15,453,264,000, of which $5,870,321,000 shall become available on July 1, 2024, and shall remain available through September 30, 2025, and of which $9,283,383,000 shall become available on October 1, 2024, and shall remain available through September 30, 2025, for academic year 2024–2025: Provided, That the amount for section 611(b)(2) of the IDEA shall be equal to the lesser of the amount available for that activity during fiscal year 2023, increased by the amount of inflation as specified in section 619(d)(2)(B) of the IDEA, or the percent change in the funds appropriated under section 611(i) of the IDEA, but not less than the amount for that activity during fiscal year 2023: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, without regard to section 611(d) of the IDEA, distribute to all other States (as that term is defined in section 611(g)(2)), subject to the third proviso, any amount by which a State's allocation under section 611, from funds appropriated under this heading, is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B), according to the following: 85 percent on the basis of the States' relative populations of children aged 3 through 21 who are of the same age as children with disabilities for whom the State ensures the availability of a free appropriate public education under this part, and 15 percent to States on the basis of the States' relative populations of those children who are living in poverty: Provided further, That the Secretary may not distribute any funds under the previous proviso to any State whose reduction in allocation from funds appropriated under this heading made funds available for such a distribution: Provided further, That the States shall allocate such funds distributed under the second proviso to local educational agencies in accordance with section 611(f): Provided further, That the amount by which a State's allocation under section 611(d) of the IDEA is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B) and the amounts distributed to States under the previous provisos in fiscal year 2012 or any subsequent year shall not be considered in calculating the awards under section 611(d) for fiscal year 2013 or for any subsequent fiscal years: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the provision in section 612(a)(18)(B) regarding the fiscal year in which a State's allocation under section 611(d) is reduced for failure to comply with the requirement of section 612(a)(18)(A), the Secretary may apply the reduction specified in section 612(a)(18)(B) over a period of consecutive fiscal years, not to exceed 5, until the entire reduction is applied: Provided further, That the Secretary may, in any fiscal year in which a State's allocation under section 611 is reduced in accordance with section 612(a)(18)(B), reduce the amount a State may reserve under section 611(e)(1) by an amount that bears the same relation to the maximum amount described in that paragraph as the reduction under section 612(a)(18)(B) bears to the total allocation the State would have received in that fiscal year under section 611(d) in the absence of the reduction: Provided further, That the Secretary shall either reduce the allocation of funds under section 611 for any fiscal year following the fiscal year for which the State fails to comply with the requirement of section 612(a)(18)(A) as authorized by section 612(a)(18)(B), or seek to recover funds under section 452 of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1234a ): Provided further, That the funds reserved under 611(c) of the IDEA may be used to provide technical assistance to States to improve the capacity of the States to meet the data collection requirements of sections 616 and 618 and to administer and carry out other services and activities to improve data collection, coordination, quality, and use under parts B and C of the IDEA: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds made available for the State Personnel Development Grants program under part D, subpart 1 of IDEA to evaluate program performance under such subpart: Provided further, That States may use funds reserved for other State-level activities under sections 611(e)(2) and 619(f) of the IDEA to make subgrants to local educational agencies, institutions of higher education, other public agencies, and private non-profit organizations to carry out activities authorized by those sections: Provided further, That, notwithstanding section 643(e)(2)(A) of the IDEA, if 5 or fewer States apply for grants pursuant to section 643(e) of such Act, the Secretary shall provide a grant to each State in an amount equal to the maximum amount described in section 643(e)(2)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That if more than 5 States apply for grants pursuant to section 643(e) of the IDEA, the Secretary shall award funds to those States on the basis of the States' relative populations of infants and toddlers except that no such State shall receive a grant in excess of the amount described in section 643(e)(2)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That States may use funds allotted under section 643(c) of the IDEA to make subgrants to local educational agencies, institutions of higher education, other public agencies, and private non-profit organizations to carry out activities authorized by section 638 of IDEA: Provided further, That, notwithstanding section 638 of the IDEA, a State may use funds it receives under section 633 of the IDEA to offer continued early intervention services to a child who previously received services under part C of the IDEA from age 3 until the beginning of the school year following the child’s third birthday with parental consent and without regard to the procedures in section 635(c) of the IDEA. Rehabilitation Services For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Helen Keller National Center Act, $4,397,033,000, of which $4,253,834,000 shall be for grants for vocational rehabilitation services under title I of the Rehabilitation Act. Special Institutions for Persons With Disabilities AMERICAN PRINTING HOUSE FOR THE BLIND For carrying out the Act to Promote the Education of the Blind of March 3, 1879, $43,431,000. NATIONAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE FOR THE DEAF For the National Technical Institute for the Deaf under titles I and II of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986, $92,500,000: Provided, That from the total amount available, the Institute may at its discretion use funds for the endowment program as authorized under section 207 of such Act. GALLAUDET UNIVERSITY For the Kendall Demonstration Elementary School, the Model Secondary School for the Deaf, and the partial support of Gallaudet University under titles I and II of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986, $165,361,000, of which up to $15,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for construction, as defined by section 201(2) of such Act: Provided, That from the total amount available, the University may at its discretion use funds for the endowment program as authorized under section 207 of such Act. Career, Technical, and Adult Education For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 ( Perkins Act ) and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act ( AEFLA ), $2,191,436,000, of which $1,400,436,000 shall become available on July 1, 2024, and shall remain available through September 30, 2025, and of which $791,000,000 shall become available on October 1, 2024, and shall remain available through September 30, 2025: Provided, That $25,000,000 shall be available for innovation and modernization grants under such section 114(e) of the Perkins Act: Provided further, That of the amounts made available for AEFLA, $13,712,000 shall be for national leadership activities under section 242. Student Financial Assistance For carrying out subparts 1 and 10 of part A of title IV of the HEA, $22,475,352,000 which shall remain available through September 30, 2025. The maximum Pell Grant for which a student shall be eligible during award year 2024–2025 shall be $6,335. Student aid administration For Federal administrative expenses to carry out part D of title I, and subparts 1, 9, and 10 of part A, and parts B, D, and E of title IV of the HEA, and subpart 1 of part A of title VII of the Public Health Service Act, $1,769,207,000, to remain available through September 30, 2025: Provided, That for student loan contracts awarded prior to October 1, 2017, the Secretary shall allow student loan borrowers who are consolidating Federal student loans to select from any student loan servicer to service their new consolidated student loan: Provided further, That in order to promote accountability and high-quality service to borrowers, the Secretary shall not award funding for any contract solicitation for a new Federal student loan servicing environment, including the solicitation for the Federal Student Aid (FSA) Next Generation Processing and Servicing Environment, unless such an environment provides for the participation of multiple student loan servicers that contract directly with the Department of Education to manage a unique portfolio of borrower accounts and the full life-cycle of loans from disbursement to pay-off with certain limited exceptions, and allocates student loan borrower accounts to eligible student loan servicers based on performance: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide quarterly briefings to the Committees on Appropriations and Education and Labor of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Appropriations and Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate on general progress related to solicitations for Federal student loan servicing contracts: Provided further, That not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, FSA shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this account for fiscal year 2024 and provide quarterly updates on this plan (including contracts awarded, change orders, bonuses paid to staff, reorganization costs, and any other activity carried out using amounts provided under this heading for fiscal year 2024). Higher education For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, titles III, IV, V, VI, VII, and VIII of the HEA, and section 117 of the Perkins Act, $2,767,239,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this Act to carry out title VI of the HEA may be used to support visits and study in foreign countries by individuals who are participating in advanced foreign language training and international studies in areas that are vital to United States national security and who plan to apply their language skills and knowledge of these countries in the fields of government, the professions, or international development: Provided further, That of the funds referred to in the preceding proviso up to 1 percent may be used for program evaluation, national outreach, and information dissemination activities: Provided further, That up to 1.5 percent of the funds made available under chapter 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the HEA may be used for evaluation: Provided further, That section 313(d) of the HEA shall not apply to an institution of higher education that is eligible to receive funding under section 318 of the HEA: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this Act to carry out part B of title III of the HEA, to supplement amounts otherwise available, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for grants to part B institutions as defined under section 322(2) of the HEA, that are junior or community colleges, as defined in section 312(f) of the HEA: Provided further, That funds in the preceding proviso are in addition to any grant award that any such institution may receive under section 323 of such Act and shall be allocated in accordance with the allotments specified under section 324 of such Act. Howard university For partial support of Howard University, $301,693,000, of which not less than $3,405,000 shall be for a matching endowment grant pursuant to the Howard University Endowment Act and shall remain available until expended. College housing and academic facilities loans program For Federal administrative expenses to carry out activities related to existing facility loans pursuant to section 121 of the HEA, $321,000. Historically black college and university capital financing program account For the cost of guaranteed loans, $20,150,000, as authorized pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, which shall remain available through September 30, 2025: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $377,340,824: Provided further, That these funds may be used to support loans to public and private Historically Black Colleges and Universities without regard to the limitations within section 344(a) of the HEA. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the Historically Black College and University Capital Financing Program entered into pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, $528,000. Institute of education sciences For necessary expenses for the Institute of Education Sciences as authorized by section 208 of the Department of Education Organization Act and carrying out activities authorized by the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act, section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, and section 664 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, $707,372,000, which shall remain available through September 30, 2025. Departmental management PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Department of Education Organization Act, including rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and hire of three passenger motor vehicles, $350,000,000: Provided, That none of the funds provided by this Act may be used to support a number of non-career employees that is above the number of non-career employees as of December 31, 2021. OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, as authorized by section 203 of the Department of Education Organization Act, $105,000,000. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General, as authorized by section 212 of the Department of Education Organization Act, $60,000,000, of which $3,000,000 shall be available through September 30, 2025. General provisions 301. No funds appropriated in this Act may be used to prevent the implementation of programs of voluntary prayer and meditation in the public schools. (Transfer of Funds) 302. Not to exceed 1 percent of any discretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the Department of Education in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 303. Funds appropriated in this Act and consolidated for evaluation purposes under section 8601(c) of the ESEA shall be available from July 1, 2024, through September 30, 2025. 304. (a) An institution of higher education that maintains an endowment fund supported with funds appropriated for title III or V of the HEA for fiscal year 2024 may use the income from that fund to award scholarships to students, subject to the limitation in section 331(c)(3)(B)(i) of the HEA. The use of such income for such purposes, prior to the enactment of this Act, shall be considered to have been an allowable use of that income, subject to that limitation. (b) Subsection (a) shall be in effect until titles III and V of the HEA are reauthorized. 305. Section 114(f) of the HEA ( 20 U.S.C. 1011c(f) ) shall be applied by substituting 2024 for 2021 . 306. Section 458(a)(4) of the HEA ( 20 U.S.C. 1087h(a) ) shall be applied by substituting 2024 for 2021 . 307. Funds appropriated in this Act under the heading Student Aid Administration may be available for payments for student loan servicing to an institution of higher education that services outstanding Federal Perkins Loans under part E of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1087aa et seq. ). 308. The Secretary may reserve not more than 0.5 percent from any amount made available in this Act for an HEA program, except for any amounts made available for subpart 1 of part A of title IV of the HEA, to carry out rigorous and independent evaluations and to collect and analyze outcome data for any program authorized by the HEA: Provided, That no funds made available in this Act for the Student Aid Administration account shall be subject to the reservation under this section: Provided further, That any funds reserved under this section shall be available through September 30, 2026: Provided further, That if, under any other provision of law, funds are authorized to be reserved or used for evaluation activities with respect to a program or project, the Secretary may also reserve funds for such program or project for the purposes described in this section so long as the total reservation of funds for such program or project does not exceed any statutory limits on such reservations: Provided further, That not later than 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds reserved under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee on Education and Labor of the House of Representatives a plan that identifies the source and amount of funds reserved under this section, the impact on program grantees if funds are withheld for the purposes of this section, and the activities to be carried out with such funds. (Including Transfer of Funds) 309. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for Institute of Education Sciences , up to $19,000,000 shall be available for the Secretary of Education ( the Secretary ) to provide support services to the Institute of Education Sciences (including, but not limited to information technology services, lease or procurement of office space, human resource services, financial management services, financial systems support, budget formulation and execution, legal counsel, equal employment opportunity services, physical security, facilities management, acquisition and contract management, grants administration and policy, and enterprise risk management): Provided, That the Secretary shall calculate the actual amounts obligated and expended for such support services by using a standard Department of Education methodology for allocating the cost of all such support services: Provided further, That the Secretary may transfer any amounts available for IES support services in excess of actual amounts needed for IES support services, as so calculated, to the Program Administration account from the Institute of Education Sciences account: Provided further, That in order to address any shortfall between amounts available for IES support services and amounts needed for IES support services, as so calculated, the Secretary may transfer necessary amounts to the Institute of Education Sciences account from the Program Administration account: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 14 days in advance of any transfer made pursuant to this section. (Rescission) 310. Of the unobligated balances in the Department of Education Nonrecurring Expenses Fund established in section 313 of division H of Public Law 116–260 , $29,000,000 are hereby rescinded not later than September 30, 2024: Provided, That from any remaining unobligated balances in such Fund, the Secretary may transfer up to $45,325,000 to Howard University for completion of the Howard University hospital, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That, except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided by this Act may be obligated for a new program, project, or activity using such Fund for which a notification was not submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may obligate funds from such Fund for any program, project, or activity for which a notification was submitted before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may transfer amounts into such Fund: Provided further, That any amounts transferred into such Fund are available for the purposes provided by this section or for which a notification was submitted to such Committees on Appropriations before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the authority to transfer amounts under this section is in addition to any other transfer authority in law. 311. (a) None of the funds made available by this title may be used to issue or implement as final rules the rules proposed by the Department of Education relating to title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 5 U.S.C. 1681-1688 ) and described under the heading Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Sex in Education Programs or Activities Receiving Federal Financial Assistance (87 Fed. Reg. 41390; published July 12, 2022). (b) None of the funds made available by this title may be used to issue or implement— (1) as final rules the rules proposed by the Department of Education relating title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681-1688 ) and described under the heading ‘‘Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Sex in Education Programs or Activities Receiving Federal Financial Assistance: Sex-Related Eligibility Criteria for Male and Female Athletic Teams’’ (88 Fed. Reg. 22860; published April 13, 2023), or (2) any rule similar in substance to the proposed rules described in paragraph (1) that relates to eligibility criteria for participation on athletic teams. 312. None of the funds made available under this Act may be provided to any public institution of higher education that denies to a religious student organization any right, benefit, or privilege that is otherwise afforded to other student organizations at the institution (including full access to the facilities of the institution and official recognition of the organization by the institution) because of the religious beliefs, practices, speech, leadership standards, or standards of conduct of the religious student organization. (Rescission) 313. Of the amounts which are made available to Department of Education—Education for the Disadvantaged on October 1, 2023 by Public Law 117–328 , $8,671,399,000 are hereby rescinded. (Rescission) 314. Of the amounts which are made available to Department of Education—School Improvement Programs on October 1, 2023 by Public Law 117–328 , $1,681,441,000 are hereby rescinded. 315. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) implement the waivers and modifications of statutory and regulatory provisions relating to an extension of the suspension of payments on certain loans and waivers of interest on such loans under section 3513 of the CARES Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 note), described by the Department of Education in the Federal Register on October 12, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 61513 et seq.), and most recently extended in the announcement by the Department of Education on November 22, 2022; (2) take any substantially similar action; or (3) waive any consequences of nonpayment by a borrower in repayment such as delinquency or default. 316. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) implement the modifications of statutory and regulatory provisions relating to debt discharge described by the Department of Education in the Federal Register on October 12, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 61514), or take any substantially similar action; (2) issue a final rule or otherwise implement the proposed rule on Improving Income-Driven Repayment for the William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program published by the Department of Education in the Federal Register on January 11, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 1894 et seq.), or take any substantially similar action; or (3) implement, administer, or enforce parts 600, 668, and 685 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, (relating to borrower defense to repayment), as amended by the final regulations published by the Department of Education in the Federal Register on November 1, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 65904 et seq.) or take any substantially similar action. This title may be cited as the Department of Education Appropriations Act, 2024 . IV RELATED AGENCIES Committee for purchase from people who are blind or severely disabled Salaries and Expenses For expenses necessary for the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled (referred to in this title as the Committee ) established under section 8502 of title 41, United States Code, $13,124,000: Provided, That in order to authorize any central nonprofit agency designated pursuant to section 8503(c) of title 41, United States Code, to perform requirements of the Committee as prescribed under section 51–3.2 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, the Committee shall enter into a written agreement with any such central nonprofit agency: Provided further, That such agreement shall contain such auditing, oversight, and reporting provisions as necessary to implement chapter 85 of title 41, United States Code: Provided further, That such agreement shall include the elements listed under the heading Committee For Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled—Written Agreement Elements in the explanatory statement described in section 4 of Public Law 114–113 (in the matter preceding division A of that consolidated Act): Provided further, That any such central nonprofit agency may not charge a fee under section 51–3.5 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, prior to executing a written agreement with the Committee: Provided further, That no less than $3,150,000 shall be available for the Office of Inspector General. Corporation for national and community service OPERATING EXPENSES For necessary expenses for the Corporation for National and Community Service (referred to in this title as CNCS ) to carry out the Domestic Volunteer Service Act of 1973 (referred to in this title as 1973 Act ) and the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (referred to in this title as 1990 Act ), $593,347,000, notwithstanding sections 198B(b)(3), 198S(g), 501(a)(4)(C), and 501(a)(4)(F) of the 1990 Act: Provided, That of the amounts provided under this heading up to 1 percent of program grant funds may be used to defray the costs of conducting grant application reviews, including the use of outside peer reviewers and electronic management of the grants cycle: Provided further, That for the purposes of carrying out the 1990 Act, satisfying the requirements in section 122(c)(1)(D) may include a determination of need by the local community. SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of administration as provided under section 501(a)(5) of the 1990 Act and under section 504(a) of the 1973 Act, including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of passenger motor vehicles, the rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, the employment of experts and consultants authorized under 5 U.S.C. 3109 , and not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $60,000,000. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, $7,595,000. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 401. CNCS shall make any significant changes to program requirements, service delivery or policy only through public notice and comment rulemaking. For fiscal year 2024, during any grant selection process, an officer or employee of CNCS shall not knowingly disclose any covered grant selection information regarding such selection, directly or indirectly, to any person other than an officer or employee of CNCS that is authorized by CNCS to receive such information. 402. AmeriCorps programs receiving grants under the National Service Trust program shall meet an overall minimum share requirement of 24 percent for the first 3 years that they receive AmeriCorps funding, and thereafter shall meet the overall minimum share requirement as provided in section 2521.60 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, without regard to the operating costs match requirement in section 121(e) or the member support Federal share limitations in section 140 of the 1990 Act, and subject to partial waiver consistent with section 2521.70 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. 403. Donations made to CNCS under section 196 of the 1990 Act for the purposes of financing programs and operations under titles I and II of the 1973 Act or subtitle B, C, D, or E of title I of the 1990 Act shall be used to supplement and not supplant current programs and operations. 404. In addition to the requirements in section 146(a) of the 1990 Act, use of an educational award for the purpose described in section 148(a)(4) shall be limited to individuals who are veterans as defined under section 101 of the Act. 405. For the purpose of carrying out section 189D of the 1990 Act— (1) entities described in paragraph (a) of such section shall be considered qualified entities under section 3 of the National Child Protection Act of 1993 ( NCPA ); (2) individuals described in such section shall be considered volunteers under section 3 of NCPA; and (3) State Commissions on National and Community Service established pursuant to section 178 of the 1990 Act, are authorized to receive criminal history record information, consistent with Public Law 92–544 . 406. Notwithstanding sections 139(b), 146 and 147 of the 1990 Act, an individual who successfully completes a term of service of not less than 1,200 hours during a period of not more than one year may receive a national service education award having a value of 70 percent of the value of a national service education award determined under section 147(a) of the Act. (Rescission) 407. Of the unobligated balances available in the National Service Trust established in section 102 of the National and Community Service Trust Act of 1993, $243,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded, except that no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were previously designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. Federal mediation and conciliation service Salaries and Expenses For expenses necessary for the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service ( Service ) to carry out the functions vested in it by the Labor-Management Relations Act, 1947, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; for expenses necessary for the Labor-Management Cooperation Act of 1978; and for expenses necessary for the Service to carry out the functions vested in it by the Civil Service Reform Act, $53,705,000: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , fees charged, up to full-cost recovery, for special training activities and other conflict resolution services and technical assistance, including those provided to foreign governments and international organizations, and for arbitration services shall be credited to and merged with this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That fees for arbitration services shall be available only for education, training, and professional development of the agency workforce: Provided further, That the Director of the Service is authorized to accept and use on behalf of the United States gifts of services and real, personal, or other property in the aid of any projects or functions within the Director's jurisdiction. Federal mine safety and health review commission Salaries and Expenses For expenses necessary for the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, $18,012,000. Institute of museum and library services OFFICE OF MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES: GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION For carrying out the Museum and Library Services Act of 1996 and the National Museum of African American History and Culture Act, $294,800,000. Medicaid and chip payment and access commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary to carry out section 1900 of the Social Security Act, $9,405,000. Medicare payment advisory commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary to carry out section 1805 of the Social Security Act, $13,824,000, to be transferred to this appropriation from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. National council on disability SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the National Council on Disability as authorized by title IV of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, $3,850,000. National labor relations board SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the National Labor Relations Board to carry out the functions vested in it by the Labor-Management Relations Act, 1947, and other laws, $200,000,000: Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be available to organize or assist in organizing agricultural laborers or used in connection with investigations, hearings, directives, or orders concerning bargaining units composed of agricultural laborers as referred to in section 2(3) of the Act of July 5, 1935, and as amended by the Labor-Management Relations Act, 1947, and as defined in section 3(f) of the Act of June 25, 1938, and including in said definition employees engaged in the maintenance and operation of ditches, canals, reservoirs, and waterways when maintained or operated on a mutual, nonprofit basis and at least 95 percent of the water stored or supplied thereby is used for farming purposes. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 408. None of the funds provided by this Act or previous Acts making appropriations for the National Labor Relations Board may be used to issue any new administrative directive or regulation that would provide employees any means of voting through any electronic means in an election to determine a representative for the purposes of collective bargaining. 409. No Federal funds may be made available to alter or affect the administration, implementation, or enforcement of the final rule entitled “Joint Employer Status Under the National Labor Relations Act” (86 Fed. Reg. 11184) and dated February 26, 2020. National mediation board SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the Railway Labor Act, including emergency boards appointed by the President, $15,113,000. Occupational safety and health review commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, $15,449,000. Railroad retirement board DUAL BENEFITS PAYMENTS ACCOUNT For payment to the Dual Benefits Payments Account, authorized under section 15(d) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974, $8,000,000, which shall include amounts becoming available in fiscal year 2024 pursuant to section 224(c)(1)(B) of Public Law 98–76 ; and in addition, an amount, not to exceed 2 percent of the amount provided herein, shall be available proportional to the amount by which the product of recipients and the average benefit received exceeds the amount available for payment of vested dual benefits: Provided, That the total amount provided herein shall be credited in 12 approximately equal amounts on the first day of each month in the fiscal year. FEDERAL PAYMENTS TO THE RAILROAD RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS For payment to the accounts established in the Treasury for the payment of benefits under the Railroad Retirement Act for interest earned on unnegotiated checks, $150,000, to remain available through September 30, 2025, which shall be the maximum amount available for payment pursuant to section 417 of Public Law 98–76 . LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATION For necessary expenses for the Railroad Retirement Board ( Board ) for administration of the Railroad Retirement Act and the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act, $103,000,000, to be derived in such amounts as determined by the Board from the railroad retirement accounts and from moneys credited to the railroad unemployment insurance administration fund: Provided, That notwithstanding section 7(b)(9) of the Railroad Retirement Act this limitation may be used to hire attorneys only through the excepted service: Provided further, That the previous proviso shall not change the status under Federal employment laws of any attorney hired by the Railroad Retirement Board prior to January 1, 2013: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 7(b)(9) of the Railroad Retirement Act, this limitation may be used to hire students attending qualifying educational institutions or individuals who have recently completed qualifying educational programs using current excepted hiring authorities established by the Office of Personnel Management. LIMITATION ON THE OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General for audit, investigatory and review activities, as authorized by the Inspector General Act of 1978, not more than $14,000,000, to be derived from the railroad retirement accounts and railroad unemployment insurance account. Social security administration PAYMENTS TO SOCIAL SECURITY TRUST FUNDS For payment to the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund, as provided under sections 201(m) and 1131(b)(2) of the Social Security Act, $10,000,000. SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME PROGRAM For carrying out titles XI and XVI of the Social Security Act, section 401 of Public Law 92–603 , section 212 of Public Law 93–66 , as amended, and section 405 of Public Law 95–216 , including payment to the Social Security trust funds for administrative expenses incurred pursuant to section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act, $45,455,426,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That any portion of the funds provided to a State in the current fiscal year and not obligated by the State during that year shall be returned to the Treasury: Provided further, That not more than $91,000,000 shall be available for research and demonstrations under sections 1110, 1115, and 1144 of the Social Security Act, and remain available through September 30, 2026. For making, after June 15 of the current fiscal year, benefit payments to individuals under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for unanticipated costs incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. For making benefit payments under title XVI of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, $21,700,000,0000, to remain available until expended. LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses, including the hire and purchase of two passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $20,000 for official reception and representation expenses, not more than $11,951,978,000 may be expended, as authorized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act, from any one or all of the trust funds referred to in such section: Provided, That not less than $2,700,000 shall be for the Social Security Advisory Board: Provided further, That unobligated balances of funds provided under this paragraph at the end of fiscal year 2024 not needed for fiscal year 2024 shall remain available until expended to invest in the Social Security Administration information technology and telecommunications hardware and software infrastructure, including related equipment and non-payroll administrative expenses associated solely with this information technology and telecommunications infrastructure: Provided further, That the Commissioner of Social Security shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to making unobligated balances available under the authority in the previous proviso: Provided further, That reimbursement to the trust funds under this heading for expenditures for official time for employees of the Social Security Administration pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 7131 , and for facilities or support services for labor organizations pursuant to policies, regulations, or procedures referred to in section 7135(b) of such title shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury, with interest, from amounts in the general fund not otherwise appropriated, as soon as possible after such expenditures are made. In addition, $1,851,000,000 may be expended, as authorized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act, from any one or all of the trust funds referred to in such section, to remain available through March 31, 2025, for the costs associated with continuing disability reviews under titles II and XVI of the Social Security Act, including work-related continuing disability reviews to determine whether earnings derived from services demonstrate an individual's ability to engage in substantial gainful activity, for the costs associated with conducting redeterminations of eligibility under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for the costs of co-operative disability investigation units, and for the costs associated with the prosecution of fraud in the programs and operations of the Social Security Administration by Special Assistant United States Attorneys: Provided, That, of such amount, $273,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(B)(ii)(III) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $1,578,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(B)(i)(XI) of such Act: Provided further, That, of the additional new budget authority described in the preceding proviso, $18,000,000 may be transferred to the Office of Inspector General , Social Security Administration, for the costs of jointly operated co-operative disability investigation units: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That the Commissioner shall provide to the Congress (at the conclusion of the fiscal year) a report on the obligation and expenditure of these funds, similar to the reports that were required by section 103(d)(2) of Public Law 104–121 for fiscal years 1996 through 2002: Provided further, That none of the funds described in this paragraph shall be available for transfer or reprogramming except as specified in this paragraph. In addition, $150,000,000 to be derived from administration fees in excess of $5.00 per supplementary payment collected pursuant to section 1616(d) of the Social Security Act or section 212(b)(3) of Public Law 93–66 , which shall remain available until expended: Provided, That to the extent that the amounts collected pursuant to such sections in fiscal year 2024 exceed $150,000,000, the amounts shall be available in fiscal year 2025 only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts. In addition, up to $1,000,000 to be derived from fees collected pursuant to section 303(c) of the Social Security Protection Act, which shall remain available until expended. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $32,000,000, together with not to exceed $82,665,000, to be transferred and expended as authorized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund: Provided, That $2,000,000 shall remain available until expended for information technology modernization, including related hardware and software infrastructure and equipment, and for administrative expenses directly associated with information technology modernization. In addition, an amount not to exceed 3 percent of the total provided in this appropriation may be transferred from the Limitation on Administrative Expenses , Social Security Administration, to be merged with this account, to be available for the time and purposes for which this account is available: Provided, That notice of such transfers shall be transmitted promptly to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. V GENERAL PROVISIONS (Transfer of Funds) 501. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education are authorized to transfer unexpended balances of prior appropriations to accounts corresponding to current appropriations provided in this Act. Such transferred balances shall be used for the same purpose, and for the same periods of time, for which they were originally appropriated. 502. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. 503. (a) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative relationships, for publicity or propaganda purposes, for the preparation, distribution, or use of any kit, pamphlet, booklet, publication, electronic communication, radio, television, or video presentation designed to support or defeat the enactment of legislation before the Congress or any State or local legislature or legislative body, except in presentation to the Congress or any State or local legislature itself, or designed to support or defeat any proposed or pending regulation, administrative action, or order issued by the executive branch of any State or local government, except in presentation to the executive branch of any State or local government itself. (b) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used to pay the salary or expenses of any grant or contract recipient, or agent acting for such recipient, related to any activity designed to influence the enactment of legislation, appropriations, regulation, administrative action, or Executive order proposed or pending before the Congress or any State government, State legislature or local legislature or legislative body, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative relationships or participation by an agency or officer of a State, local or tribal government in policymaking and administrative processes within the executive branch of that government. (c) The prohibitions in subsections (a) and (b) shall include any activity to advocate or promote any proposed, pending or future Federal, State or local tax increase, or any proposed, pending, or future requirement or restriction on any legal consumer product, including its sale or marketing, including but not limited to the advocacy or promotion of gun control. 504. The Secretaries of Labor and Education are authorized to make available not to exceed $28,000 and $20,000, respectively, from funds available for salaries and expenses under titles I and III, respectively, for official reception and representation expenses; the Director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from the funds available for Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, Salaries and Expenses ; and the Chairman of the National Mediation Board is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from funds available for National Mediation Board, Salaries and Expenses . 505. When issuing statements, press releases, requests for proposals, bid solicitations and other documents describing projects or programs funded in whole or in part with Federal money, all grantees receiving Federal funds included in this Act, including but not limited to State and local governments and recipients of Federal research grants, shall clearly state— (1) the percentage of the total costs of the program or project which will be financed with Federal money; (2) the dollar amount of Federal funds for the project or program; and (3) percentage and dollar amount of the total costs of the project or program that will be financed by non-governmental sources. 506. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for any abortion. (b) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for health benefits coverage that includes coverage of abortion. (c) The term health benefits coverage means the package of services covered by a managed care provider or organization pursuant to a contract or other arrangement. 507. (a) The limitations established in the preceding section shall not apply to an abortion— (1) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (2) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed. (b) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as prohibiting the expenditure by a State, locality, entity, or private person of State, local, or private funds (other than a State's or locality's contribution of Medicaid matching funds). (c) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as restricting the ability of any managed care provider from offering abortion coverage or the ability of a State or locality to contract separately with such a provider for such coverage with State funds (other than a State's or locality's contribution of Medicaid matching funds). (d) (1) None of the funds made available in this Act may be made available to a Federal agency or program, or to a State or local government, if such agency, program, or government subjects any institutional or individual health care entity to discrimination on the basis that the health care entity does not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or refer for abortions. (2) In this subsection, the term health care entity includes an individual physician or other health care professional, a hospital, a provider-sponsored organization, a health maintenance organization, a health insurance plan, or any other kind of health care facility, organization, or plan. 508. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for— (1) the creation of a human embryo or embryos for research purposes; or (2) research in which a human embryo or embryos are destroyed, discarded, or knowingly subjected to risk of injury or death greater than that allowed for research on fetuses in utero under 45 CFR 46.204(b) and section 498(b) of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 289g(b) ). (b) For purposes of this section, the term human embryo or embryos includes any organism, not protected as a human subject under 45 CFR 46 as of the date of the enactment of this Act, that is derived by fertilization, parthenogenesis, cloning, or any other means from one or more human gametes or human diploid cells. 509. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any activity that promotes the legalization of any drug or other substance included in schedule I of the schedules of controlled substances established under section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act except for normal and recognized executive-congressional communications. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not apply when there is significant medical evidence of a therapeutic advantage to the use of such drug or other substance or that federally sponsored clinical trials are being conducted to determine therapeutic advantage. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to promulgate or adopt any final standard under section 1173(b) of the Social Security Act providing for, or providing for the assignment of, a unique health identifier for an individual (except in an individual's capacity as an employer or a health care provider), until legislation is enacted specifically approving the standard. 511. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated or expended to enter into or renew a contract with an entity if— (1) such entity is otherwise a contractor with the United States and is subject to the requirement in 38 U.S.C. 4212(d) regarding submission of an annual report to the Secretary of Labor concerning employment of certain veterans; and (2) such entity has not submitted a report as required by that section for the most recent year for which such requirement was applicable to such entity. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriation Act. 513. None of the funds made available by this Act to carry out the Library Services and Technology Act may be made available to any library covered by paragraph (1) of section 224(f) of such Act, as amended by the Children's Internet Protection Act, unless such library has made the certifications required by paragraph (4) of such section. 514. (a) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2024, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes or renames offices; (6) reorganizes programs or activities; or (7) contracts out or privatizes any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such reprogramming or of an announcement of intent relating to such reprogramming, whichever occurs earlier, and are notified in writing 10 days in advance of such reprogramming. (b) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2024, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments existing programs, projects (including construction projects), or activities; (2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as approved by Congress; or (3) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such reprogramming or of an announcement of intent relating to such reprogramming, whichever occurs earlier, and are notified in writing 10 days in advance of such reprogramming. 515. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to request that a candidate for appointment to a Federal scientific advisory committee disclose the political affiliation or voting history of the candidate or the position that the candidate holds with respect to political issues not directly related to and necessary for the work of the committee involved. (b) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to disseminate information that is deliberately false or misleading. 516. Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, each department and related agency funded through this Act shall submit an operating plan that details at the program, project, and activity level any funding allocations for fiscal year 2024 that are different than those specified in this Act, the accompanying detailed table in the committee report accompanying this Act, or the fiscal year 2024 budget request. 517. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education shall each prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the number and amount of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements exceeding $500,000, individually or in total for a particular project, activity, or programmatic initiative, in value and awarded by the Department on a non-competitive basis during each quarter of fiscal year 2024, but not to include grants awarded on a formula basis or directed by law. Such report shall include the name of the contractor or grantee, the amount of funding, the governmental purpose, including a justification for issuing the award on a non-competitive basis. Such report shall be transmitted to the Committees within 30 days after the end of the quarter for which the report is submitted. 518. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be expended or obligated by the Commissioner of Social Security, for purposes of administering Social Security benefit payments under title II of the Social Security Act, to process any claim for credit for a quarter of coverage based on work performed under a social security account number that is not the claimant's number and the performance of such work under such number has formed the basis for a conviction of the claimant of a violation of section 208(a)(6) or (7) of the Social Security Act. 519. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Commissioner of Social Security or the Social Security Administration to pay the compensation of employees of the Social Security Administration to administer Social Security benefit payments, under any agreement between the United States and Mexico establishing totalization arrangements between the social security system established by title II of the Social Security Act and the social security system of Mexico, which would not otherwise be payable but for such agreement. 520. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 521. For purposes of carrying out Executive Order 13589, Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012, and requirements contained in the annual appropriations bills relating to conference attendance and expenditures: (1) the operating divisions of HHS shall be considered independent agencies; and (2) attendance at and support for scientific conferences shall be tabulated separately from and not included in agency totals. 522. Federal agencies funded under this Act shall clearly state within the text, audio, or video used for advertising or educational purposes, including emails or Internet postings, that the communication is printed, published, or produced and disseminated at United States taxpayer expense. The funds used by a Federal agency to carry out this requirement shall be derived from amounts made available to the agency for advertising or other communications regarding the programs and activities of the agency. 523. (a) Federal agencies may use Federal discretionary funds that are made available in this Act to carry out up to 10 Performance Partnership Pilots. Such Pilots shall be governed by the provisions of section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76 , except that in carrying out such Pilots section 526 shall be applied by substituting Fiscal Year 2024 for Fiscal Year 2014 in the title of subsection (b) and by substituting September 30, 2028 for September 30, 2018 each place it appears: Provided, That such pilots shall include communities that have experienced civil unrest. (b) In addition, Federal agencies may use Federal discretionary funds that are made available in this Act to participate in Performance Partnership Pilots that are being carried out pursuant to the authority provided by section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76 , section 524 of division G of Public Law 113–235 , section 525 of division H of Public Law 114–113 , section 525 of division H of Public Law 115–31 , section 525 of division H of Public Law 115–141 , section 524 of division A of Public Law 116–94 , section 524 of division H of Public Law 116–260 , and section 523 of division H of Public Law 117–103 . (c) Pilot sites selected under authorities in this Act and prior appropriations Acts may be granted by relevant agencies up to an additional 5 years to operate under such authorities. 524. Not later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, beginning with the first month of fiscal year 2024 the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services and Education and the Social Security Administration shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate a report on the status of balances of appropriations: Provided, That for balances that are unobligated and uncommitted, committed, and obligated but unexpended, the monthly reports shall separately identify the amounts attributable to each source year of appropriation (beginning with fiscal year 2012, or, to the extent feasible, earlier fiscal years) from which balances were derived. 525. The Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a comprehensive list of any new or competitive grant award notifications, including supplements, issued at the discretion of such Departments not less than 3 full business days before any entity selected to receive a grant award is announced by the Department or its offices (other than emergency response grants at any time of the year or for grant awards made during the last 10 business days of the fiscal year, or if applicable, of the program year). 526. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, no funds appropriated in this Act shall be used to purchase sterile needles or syringes for the hypodermic injection of any illegal drug: Provided, That such limitation does not apply to the use of funds for elements of a program other than making such purchases if the relevant State or local health department, in consultation with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, determines that the State or local jurisdiction, as applicable, is experiencing, or is at risk for, a significant increase in hepatitis infections or an HIV outbreak due to injection drug use, and such program is operating in accordance with State and local law. 527. (a) Each department and related agency funded through this Act shall provide answers to questions submitted for the record by members of any congressional committee within 45 business days after receipt. (b) There is rescinded an amount equal to $1,000 for each day of the noncompliance period described in subsection (c) from an account listed in subsection (d). (c) The noncompliance period under subsection (b) means the period beginning on the first day following the failure to comply with the deadline described in subsection (a) and ending on the date on which the department or agency becomes compliant. (d) Any rescission under subsection (b) shall be from the applicable following account of the noncompliant department or agency: (1) Department of Health and Human Services—Office of the Secretary—General Departmental Management (2) Department of Labor—Departmental Management—Salaries and Expenses (3) Department of Education—Departmental Management—Program Administration 528. Of amounts deposited in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund under section 2104(n)(2) of the Social Security Act and the income derived from investment of those funds pursuant to section 2104(n)(2)(C) of that Act, $13,493,000,000 shall not be available for obligation in this fiscal year. 529. (a) This section applies to: (1) the Administration for Children and Families in the Department of Health and Human Services; and (2) the Chief Evaluation Office and the statistical-related cooperative and interagency agreements and contracting activities of the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the Department of Labor. (b) Amounts made available under this Act which are either appropriated, allocated, advanced on a reimbursable basis, or transferred to the functions and organizations identified in subsection (a) for research, evaluation, or statistical purposes shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2028: Provided, That when an office referenced in subsection (a) receives research and evaluation funding from multiple appropriations, such offices may use a single Treasury account for such activities, with funding advanced on a reimbursable basis. (c) Amounts referenced in subsection (b) that are unexpended at the time of completion of a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement may be deobligated and shall immediately become available and may be reobligated in that fiscal year or the subsequent fiscal year for the research, evaluation, or statistical purposes for which such amounts are available. 530. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any program, project, or activity that promotes or advances Critical Race Theory or any concept associated with Critical Race Theory. 531. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009, relating to advancing racial equity and support for under-served communities through the Federal Government), Executive Order 14035 of June 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34593, relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility in the federal workforce), or Executive Order 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825 relating to further advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the federal government). 532. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to support, directly or indirectly, the Wuhan Institute of Virology, or any laboratory owned or controlled by the governments of the People’s Republic of China, the Republic of Cuba, the Islamic Republic of Iran, The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela under the regime of Nicolás Maduro Moros, or any other country determined by the Secretary of State to be a foreign adversary. 533. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used, either directly or indirectly, to conduct or support any gain-of-function research involving a potential pandemic pathogen by any country determined by the Secretary of State to be a foreign adversary including the People’s Republic of China, the Republic of Cuba, the Islamic Republic of Iran, The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, or the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela under the regime of Nicolás Maduro Moros. 534. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for surgical procedures or hormone therapies for the purposes of gender affirming care. 535. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out any diversity, equity, and inclusion office, program, or training. 536. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce Executive Order 14076 (Protecting Access to Reproductive Healthcare Services) or Executive Order 14079 (Securing Access to Reproductive and Other Healthcare Services). 537. (a) In general.—Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) Discriminatory action defined.—As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) Accreditation; Licensure; Certification.—The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). (Rescission) 538. Of the unobligated balances in the Nonrecurring Expenses Fund established in section 111(a) of division B of Public Law 116–93 , $11,000,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded. (Rescission) 539. Of the unobligated balances available in Public Law 117–169 , $9,774,000,000 available under section 10301(1)(A)(iii) as of the date of the enactment of this Act are permanently rescinded. 540. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, or Education, the Commissioner of the Social Security Administration, or the head of any other agency funded in this Act to fly or display a flag over a federal facility other than the flag of the United States; the flag of a State, territory, or the District of Columbia; the flag of an Indian Tribal Government; the official flag of a U.S. Department or agency; or the POW/MIA flag. Spending Reduction Account 541. The amount by which the applicable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. This division may be cited as the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2024 .

118 HR 6040 IH: Protecting Our Kids from Harmful Research Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-10-25 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 6040 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES October 25, 2023 Ms. Boebert (for herself, Mr. Biggs , Mr. Burlison , Mr. Tiffany , Mr. Cloud , Mr. Brecheen , Mr. Ogles , Mr. Nehls , Mr. Good of Virginia , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , and Mr. LaMalfa ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce A BILL To prohibit the use of Federal funds for gender transition in minors. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protecting Our Kids from Harmful Research Act . 2. Prohibition on use of Federal funds for gender transition in minors (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funds may be used to fund research or publications relating to gender transition in individuals under the age of 18, including any observational studies that gather evidence on the provision of hormonal treatments or surgical procedures on minors, for the purpose of— (1) affirming a minor’s perception of his or her sex, if that perception is incongruent with such minor’s sex; or (2) affirming a minor’s asserted identity, if the asserted identity is incongruent with such minor’s sex. (b) Definition For purposes of this section, the term sex shall be recognized based solely on a person’s reproductive biology and genetics at birth.

118 HR 6258 IH: Guaranteeing Unalienable and Anatomical Rights for Dependents Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-11-07 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 6258 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES November 7, 2023 Mr. Banks (for himself, Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. LaMalfa , Ms. Hageman , and Mr. Mooney ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce A BILL To amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to disqualify any State that discriminates against parents or guardians who oppose medical, surgical, pharmacological, psychological treatment, or clothing and social changes related to affirming the subjective claims of gender identity expressed by any minor if such claimed identity is inconsistent with such minor’s biological sex from receiving funding under such Act. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Guaranteeing Unalienable and Anatomical Rights for Dependents Act or the GUARD Act . 2. State grant requirements The Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5101 et seq. ) is amended by inserting after section 3 the following: 4. State grant requirements (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no State may receive funding under this Act if such State takes any adverse action or otherwise discriminates against parents, guardians, or legal representatives who oppose medical, surgical, pharmacological, psychological treatment, or other medical intervention, or clothing, name or pronoun use, or other social changes or practices related to transitioning to or affirming the claims or expressions of gender identity of any minor under the charge, care, or supervision of the parent, guardian, or legal representative, if such gender identity is inconsistent, in such parent's, guardian's, or legal representative's estimation, with such minor’s biological sex, as determined definitively at or before birth, regardless of any medical diagnosis or indication of gender dysphoria, body dysphoria, dissociative identity disorder, or social anxiety disorder. (b) Enforcement In the case of an award made by the Secretary under this Act in violation of subsection (a), any parent, guardian, or legal representative who experienced an adverse action or other discrimination described in subsection (a) by a State receiving funding under this Act may bring an action, in an appropriate Federal district court of the United States or State court, against the Department of Health and Human Services, seeking to enjoin the Secretary from continuing such award to such State and to require the State awarded amounts in violation of subsection (a) to return such funds to the Treasury. .

118 HR 6658 IH: Sensible Adoption For Every Home Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-12-07 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 6658 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES December 7, 2023 Mr. Banks (for himself, Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Grothman , and Mr. Steube ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means A BILL To prohibit entities receiving Federal assistance that are involved in adoption or foster care placements from delaying or denying placements under certain conditions. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Sensible Adoption For Every Home Act or the SAFE Home Act . 2. State plan requirement under the Federal foster care and adoption assistance program (a) In general Section 471(a) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 671(a) ) is amended— (1) by striking and at the end of paragraph (36); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (37) and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (38) (A) prohibits any entity that receives Federal assistance and is involved in adoption or foster care placements from delaying or denying the placement of a minor child for adoption or into foster care, or otherwise discriminating in making a placement decision with a prospective or actual adoptive or foster parent, for any of the following reasons: (i) The parent raises, cares for, and addresses a child in a manner consistent with the child’s sex. (ii) The parent declines to consent to a child receiving any medical, surgical, pharmacological, or psychological treatment or other medical or mental health service for the purpose of attempting to alter the appearance of, or to validate a child’s perception of, the child’s sex, if the appearance or perception is inconsistent with the child’s sex. (iii) The parent declines to consent to an amendment or alteration to a child’s birth certificate, passport, driver’s license, school records, or other government-issued identification document, if the amendment or alteration is inconsistent with the child’s sex; and (B) for purposes of this paragraph, defines— (i) the term sex as biological sex, either male or female; (ii) the term female as an individual who has, had, will have, or but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident would have, a reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization; and (iii) the term male as an individual who has, had, will have, or but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident would have, a reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. . (b) Effective date (1) In general The amendment made by this Act shall take effect on the 1st day of the 1st fiscal quarter beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to payments under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act for calendar quarters beginning on or after such date. (2) Delay permitted if state legislation required If the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that State legislation (other than legislation appropriating funds) is required in order for a State plan developed pursuant to part E of title IV of the Social Security Act to meet the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this Act, the plan shall not be regarded as failing to meet any of the additional requirements before the 1st day of the 1st calendar quarter beginning after the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. For purposes of the preceding sentence, if the State has a 2-year legislative session, each year of the session is deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature.

118 HR 6728 IH: Save Women’s Sports Act of 2023 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-12-12 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 6728 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES December 12, 2023 Mrs. McClain (for herself, Mr. Donalds , Mr. Timmons , Mr. Higgins of Louisiana , Mr. Burchett , Mr. Grothman , Mr. Gosar , Mr. Sessions , Mrs. Luna , Mr. Fry , Ms. Mace , and Mr. Tony Gonzales of Texas ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce A BILL To require public school, and public institution of higher education, athletic teams and clubs to be designated for membership based on biological sex, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Save Women’s Sports Act of 2023 . 2. Required designation of school athletic teams (a) Types of designations An intercollegiate, intramural, or club athletic team or sport that is sponsored by a public school, or a public institution of higher education, or that is a competing team or sport sponsored by a non-public school or institution, and that receives Federal financial assistance, shall be expressly designated as, and composed of students of, only 1 of the following categories of team or club members based on biological sex at birth: (1) Males. (2) Females. (3) Coed members described in paragraphs (1) and (2). (b) Requirement The membership of athletic teams or sports designated only for females shall only be open to biological females at birth. 3. Penalty All Federal financial assistance shall be terminated for a failure to comply with section 2.

118 HR 7183 IH: Protecting Resources Of Taxpayers to Eliminate Childhood Transgender Surgeries Act of 2024 U.S. House of Representatives 2024-02-01 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 7183 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 1, 2024 Mr. McCormick (for himself, Mr. Alford , Mr. Allen , Mr. Arrington , Mr. Biggs , Ms. Boebert , Mr. Burlison , Mr. Cline , Mr. Clyde , Mr. Collins , Mr. Duncan , Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida , Mr. Mike Garcia of California , Mr. Tony Gonzales of Texas , Mr. Gooden of Texas , Mr. Grothman , Mr. Harris , Mrs. Harshbarger , Mr. Jackson of Texas , Mr. Kelly of Mississippi , Mr. Lamborn , Mrs. Luna , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mrs. Miller of West Virginia , Mr. Mooney , Mr. Moore of Alabama , Mr. Murphy , Mr. Nehls , Mr. Norman , Mr. Ogles , Mr. Posey , Mr. Rouzer , Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia , Mr. Steube , Ms. Tenney , Mr. Tiffany , Mr. Timmons , Mr. Van Drew , Ms. Van Duyne , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Babin , Mrs. Lesko , Mr. Williams of Texas , Mr. Loudermilk , and Mr. Westerman ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce A BILL To prohibit Federal funds from being used to provide certain gender transition procedures to minors. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protecting Resources Of Taxpayers to Eliminate Childhood Transgender Surgeries Act of 2024 or the PROTECTS Act of 2024 . 2. Prohibiting Federal funds from being used to provide certain gender transition procedures to minors (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funds may be used or otherwise made available to provide or refer for a specified gender transition procedure to an individual under the age of 18 or to reimburse any entity for providing such a procedure to such an individual. (b) Specified gender transition procedure defined (1) In general For purposes of this paragraph, except as provided in paragraph (2), the term specified gender transition procedure means, with respect to an individual, any of the following when performed for the purpose of intentionally changing the body of such individual to no longer correspond to their sex: (A) Performing any surgery, including— (i) castration; (ii) orchiectomy; (iii) scrotoplasty; (iv) vasectomy; (v) hysterectomy; (vi) oophorectomy; (vii) ovariectomy; (viii) metoidioplasty; (ix) penectomy; (x) phalloplasty; (xi) vaginoplasty; (xii) vaginectomy; (xiii) vulvoplasty; (xiv) reduction thyrochondroplasty; (xv) chondrolaryngoplasty; (xvi) mastectomy; and (xvii) any plastic, cosmetic, or aesthetic surgery that feminizes or masculinizes the facial or other body features of an individual. (B) Any placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts. (C) Any placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region. (D) Administering, supplying, prescribing, dispensing, distributing, or otherwise conveying to an individual medications, including— (i) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normal puberty; and (ii) testosterone, estrogen, or other androgens to an individual at doses that are supraphysiologic than would normally be produced endogenously in a healthy individual of the same age and sex. (2) Exception Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the following when furnished to an individual by a health care provider with the consent of such individual’s parent or legal guardian: (A) Puberty suppression or blocking prescription drugs for the purpose of normalizing puberty for an individual experiencing precocious puberty. (B) Appropriate and medically necessary procedures or treatments to correct for— (i) a medically verifiable genetic disorder of sex development, including— (I) 46,XX chromosomes with virilization; (II) 46,XY chromosomes with undervirilization; and (III) both ovarian and testicular tissue; (ii) sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex hormone action, if determined to be abnormal by a physician through genetic or biochemical testing; or (iii) infection, disease, injury, or disorder caused or exacerbated by a previous procedure described in paragraph (1), or a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of a major bodily function unless the procedure is performed, not including procedures performed for the alleviation of mental distress. (3) Sex For purposes of paragraph (1), the term sex means the indication of male or female sex by reproductive potential or capacity, sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, or internal or external genitalia present at birth.

118 HR 7187 IH: Protection of Women in Olympic and Amateur Sports Act U.S. House of Representatives 2024-02-01 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 7187 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 1, 2024 Mr. Steube (for himself, Ms. Hageman , Mr. Timmons , Mr. Biggs , Mr. Weber of Texas , Ms. Boebert , Mr. Gosar , Mr. Duncan , Mr. LaMalfa , Mrs. Houchin , Mr. Babin , Mr. Dunn of Florida , Mr. Clyde , Mr. Tony Gonzales of Texas , Ms. Tenney , Mr. Kustoff , and Mr. Bost ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To modify eligibility requirements for amateur sports governing organizations. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protection of Women in Olympic and Amateur Sports Act . 2. Eligibility requirements (a) Definition Section 220501(b) of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (13) female means an individual who has, had, will have—or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident—the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (14) male means an individual who has, had, will have—or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident—the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. (15) sex means an individual’s biological sex, either male or female. . (b) Eligibility Section 220522 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking and at the end; (2) in paragraph (19), by striking the period and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (20) prohibits a person whose sex is male from participating in an amateur athletic competition that is designated for females, women, or girls. .

118 HR 734 IH: Protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act of 2023 U.S. House of Representatives 2023-02-01 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 734 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 1, 2023 Mr. Steube (for himself, Ms. Tenney , Ms. Foxx , Mr. Wittman , Mr. Webster of Florida , Mr. Balderson , Mr. Buck , Mrs. Wagner , Mr. Carter of Georgia , Mr. Gaetz , Mrs. Miller-Meeks , Mr. Smith of Missouri , Mr. Ellzey , Mr. Griffith , Mr. LaMalfa , and Mr. Carl ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce A BILL To amend the Education Amendments of 1972 to provide that for purposes of determining compliance with title IX of such Act in athletics, sex shall be recognized based solely on a person’s reproductive biology and genetics at birth. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act of 2023 . 2. Amendment Section 901 of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 USC 1681) is amended by adding at the end the following: (d) (1) It shall be a violation of subsection (a) for a recipient of Federal financial assistance who operates, sponsors, or facilitates athletic programs or activities to permit a person whose sex is male to participate in an athletic program or activity that is designated for women or girls. (2) For the purposes of this subsection, sex shall be recognized based solely on a personâ€™s reproductive biology and genetics at birth. (3) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit a recipient from permitting males to train or practice with an athletic program or activity that is designated for women or girls so long as no female is deprived of a roster spot on a team or sport, opportunity to participate in a practice or competition, scholarship, admission to an educational institution, or any other benefit that accompanies participating in the athletic program or activity. .

118 HR 736 IH: Parental Rights Over The Education and Care of Their Kids Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-02-01 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 736 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 1, 2023 Mr. Walberg introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce A BILL To require elementary and middle schools that receive Federal funds to obtain parental consent before changing a minor child’s gender markers, pronouns, or preferred name on any school form or allowing a child to change the child’s sex-based accommodations, including locker rooms or bathrooms. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Parental Rights Over The Education and Care of Their Kids Act or the PROTECT Kids Act . 2. Findings Congress finds the following: (1) The law in the United States has long recognized the importance of parental rights. A parent’s right to oversee the care and education of their child is guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment. (2) Parents have a fundamental, constitutionally guaranteed right to raise and educate their children in the way that they choose. (3) Public schools across the country are violating these fundamental parental and familial rights by deliberately hiding information about gender transitioning children from their parents. (4) School staff in Montgomery County Public Schools in Maryland instruct teachers to form gender transition plans for students without the knowledge or consent of the student’s family. (5) An Iowa public school district was sued for allowing children as young as 12 to create gender support plans without the knowledge or consent of the students’ parents. (6) Fairfax County Public Schools in Virginia has required all teachers to complete a training program saying that parental permission is not required for students who seek to be addressed by different names or pronouns. (7) Regardless of their intentions, these schools are sabotaging the parent-child relationship and encouraging children to keep secrets from the adults who are charged with protecting and defending them—their parents. (8) Children do best when their parents are actively involved in their education. School districts, activist organizations, and teachers unions must never be allowed to intrude on parental rights by concealing critical information from parents about their children. 3. Requirement related to gender markers, pronouns, and preferred names on school forms As a condition of receiving Federal funds, any elementary school (as such term is defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7801 )) or school that consists of only middle grades (as such term is defined in such section), that receives Federal funds shall be required to obtain parental consent before— (1) changing a minor child's gender markers, pronouns, or preferred name on any school form; or (2) allowing a child to change the child's sex-based accommodations, including locker rooms or bathrooms.

118 HR 7725 IH: To amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to prohibit graduate medical schools from receiving Federal financial assistance if such schools adopt certain policies and requirements relating to diversity, equity, and inclusion. U.S. House of Representatives 2024-03-19 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 7725 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 19, 2024 Mr. Murphy (for himself, Mr. Bilirakis , Mr. Norman , Mr. Wenstrup , Ms. Van Duyne , Mr. Harris , Mr. Babin , Mrs. Harshbarger , Mr. Jackson of Texas , Mr. Brecheen , Mr. Self , Ms. Greene of Georgia , Ms. Tenney , Mr. Allen , Mr. Smith of New Jersey , Mr. Wilson of South Carolina , Mr. LaMalfa , Mr. McCormick , Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia , Mr. Fitzgerald , Mr. Rouzer , Mr. Lamborn , Mr. Grothman , Mr. Williams of New York , Mr. Van Drew , Mr. Edwards , Mr. Kelly of Pennsylvania , Mr. Arrington , Mr. Timmons , Mr. Bishop of North Carolina , Mr. Bentz , Mr. DesJarlais , Mr. Van Orden , Mrs. Miller-Meeks , Mr. Hern , and Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce A BILL To amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to prohibit graduate medical schools from receiving Federal financial assistance if such schools adopt certain policies and requirements relating to diversity, equity, and inclusion. 1. Limitation on availability of funds for certain graduate medical schools Part B of title I of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1011 et seq. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: 124. Limitation on availability of funds for certain graduate medical schools (a) Limitation Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no graduate medical school at an institution of higher education shall be eligible to receive funds or any other form of financial assistance under any Federal program, including participation in any federally funded or guaranteed student loan program, unless the institution certifies to the Secretary that the institution does not, and will not, do any of the following: (1) Direct, compel, or incentivize students, faculty, or staff of the medical school to personally state, pledge, recite, affirm, or otherwise adopt any of the following tenets: (A) That any sex, race, ethnicity, religion, color, or national origin makes an individual a member of oppressed or oppressor categories. (B) That individuals should be adversely treated on the basis of their sex, race, ethnicity, religion, color, or national origin. (C) That individuals, by virtue of sex, race, ethnicity, religion, color, or national origin, are inherently responsible for actions committed in the past by other members of the same sex, race, ethnicity, religion, color, or national origin. (D) That America is systemically, structurally, or institutionally racist, or that racism is weaved into the ordinary business of society , or that America is an oppressive nation. (2) Take any action that would deprive or tend to deprive a medical student of educational opportunities or otherwise adversely affect their status as a student, on the basis of race, color, or ethnicity, including— (A) making a distinction or classification of medical school students on the basis of race, color, or ethnicity; (B) establishing a privilege or benefit for students solely on the basis of race, color, or ethnicity; (C) providing a course of instruction for students solely on the basis of race, color, or ethnicity; or (D) otherwise distinguising students by race, color, or ethnicity. (3) Require a course of instruction or unit of study at the medical school directing or otherwise compelling students, faculty, or staff to personally state, pledge, recite, affirm, or otherwise adopt any of the tenets specified in paragraph (1). (4) Establish, maintain, or contract with a diversity, equity, and inclusion office, or any other functional equivalent of such an office, to serve the medical school. (5) Require or incentivize an individual to complete a diversity statement professing or adhering to diversity, equity, and inclusion as a condition of, or benefit in, admission or employment at such school. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) Diversity, equity, and inclusion office The term diversity, equity, and inclusion office means any component of an institution of higher education, including any division, unit, or center of such an institution, that is responsible for compelling individuals to state, pledge, recite, affirm, or otherwise adopt ideas that are in violation of title IV or title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000c et seq. ; 2000d et seq.), including the following: (A) That individuals of any race, sex, ethnicity, color, or national origin are inherently members of an oppressed or oppressor category. (B) That individuals should be adversely or advantageously treated on the basis of their race, sex, ethnicity, color, or national origin. (C) That individuals, by virtue of race, sex, ethnicity, color, or national origin, bear collective guilt and are inherently responsible for actions committed in the past or present by other members of the same race, ethnicity, color, or national origin. (2) Diversity statement The term diversity statement means any written or oral statement that— (A) discusses the immutable characteristics, including race, sex, color, ethnicity, or country of origin of any applicant for enrollment, admission, employment, or advancement at an institution of higher education; (B) affirms that individuals of any race, sex, ethnicity, color, or national origin are inherently superior or inferior; (C) affirms that individuals should be adversely or advantageously treated on the basis of their race, sex, ethnicity, color, or national origin; or (D) affirms that individuals, by virtue of race, sex, ethnicity, color, or national origin, bear collective guilt and are inherently responsible for actions committed in the past by other members of the same race, ethnicity, color, or national origin. (3) Institution of higher education The term institution of higher education has the meaning given that term in section 102. . 2. Conforming requirements for accrediting agencies and associations Section 496(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1099b(a) ) is amended— (1) in paragraph (7), by striking and at the end; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (9) if such agency or association has or seeks to include within its scope of recognition the evaluation of the quality of institutions or programs offering graduate medical education, such agency or association shall, in addition to meeting the other requirements of this subpart, demonstrate to the Secretary that the agency or association does not require an institution or program to adopt any policies or other requirements in contravention of section 124 as a condition of receiving accreditation from the agency or association. . 3. Rules of construction Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed— (1) to prohibit a graduate medical school at an institution of higher education from— (A) providing instruction about unique medical needs or conditions that may be related to an individual’s sex, race, or other characteristics; or (B) collecting and maintaining demographic data on students solely for informational purposes; (2) in the case of an institution with a religious mission, to require or incentivize the institution to take any action that is contrary to the tenets of such religion; or (3) to restrict or prohibit— (A) the exercise of First Amendment rights by anyone lawfully present on the grounds of an institution of higher education (as defined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1002 )); (B) academic instruction at such an institution, except to the extent required under paragraphs (2)(C) and (3) of section 124(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (as added by section 2); (C) research operations at such an institution; (D) the operations of student organizations at such an institution; (E) the invitation of lecturers and other guest speakers to such an institution; or (F) the ability of an institution to comply with Federal and State anti-discrimination laws. 4. Severability If any provision of this Act or an amendment made by this Act is held invalid, the remainder of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall not be affected thereby.

117 HR 8070 IH: Servicemember Quality of Life Improvement Act U.S. House of Representatives 2024-04-18 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 8070 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES April 18, 2024 Mr. Rogers of Alabama (for himself, Mr. Smith of Washington , Mr. Bacon , Ms. Houlahan , Ms. Mace , Ms. Escobar , Mr. Luttrell , Ms. Jacobs , Mrs. Kiggans of Virginia , Ms. Strickland , Mr. Moylan , Mr. Davis of North Carolina , Mr. Alford , Mr. Kim of New Jersey , and Mr. Banks ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services A BILL To authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2025 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Servicemember Quality of Life Improvement Act . 2. Table of contents Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Title I—Pay and Compensation Sec. 101. Reform of rates of monthly basic pay. Sec. 102. Evaluation of the rates of the basic allowance for subsistence. Sec. 103. Basic needs allowance for members on active service in the Armed Forces: expansion of eligibility; increase of amount. Sec. 104. Basic allowance for housing: authorization of appropriations. Sec. 105. Expansion of authority of a commanding officer to authorize a basic allowance for housing for a member performing initial field or sea duty. Sec. 106. Report regarding the calculation of cost-of-living allowances. Title II—Child Care Sec. 201. Competitive pay for Department of Defense child care personnel. Sec. 202. Parent fees at military child development centers for child care employees. Sec. 203. Child care services and youth program services for dependents. Sec. 204. Briefings on military child development centers. Title III—Military Housing Sec. 301. Budget justification for certain Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization projects. Sec. 302. Digital facilities management systems for military departments. Sec. 303. Strategy for use of existing leasing authorities to address shortages of covered military unaccompanied housing required. Sec. 304. Independent assessment of estimated costs of certain strategies to address shortages of covered military unaccompanied housing. Title IV—Access to Health Care Sec. 401. TRICARE program: waiver of referral requirement under TRICARE Prime for certain care in a military medical treatment facility. Sec. 402. Referral of a member of the Armed Forces to a TRICARE provider for urgent behavioral health services. Sec. 403. Retention of health care providers: surveys; briefing; reports. Title V—Support for Military Spouses Sec. 501. Interstate compacts for portability of occupational licenses of military spouses: permanent authority. Sec. 502. Permanent Military Spouse Career Accelerator program. Sec. 503. Child care services and youth program services for dependents: period of services for a member with a spouse seeking employment. I Pay and Compensation 101. Reform of rates of monthly basic pay Effective on January 1, 2025, the rates of monthly basic pay for members of the uniformed services within each pay grade and with years of service computed under section 205 of title 37, United States Code (and subject to adjustment under section 1009 of such title), are as follows: Years of Service Commissioned Officers Pay Grade 2 or Fewer Over 2 Over 3 Over 4 Over 6 O–8 $12,803.70 $13,223.70 $13,501.80 $13,579.20 $13,926.90 O–7 10,638.90 11,133.00 11,361.90 11,544.00 11,872.80 O–6 8,067.90 8,863.20 9,444.90 9,444.90 9,481.20 O–5 6,725.70 7,576.50 8,100.90 8,199.60 8,527.20 O–4 5,803.20 6,717.30 7,166.40 7,265.40 7,681.50 O–3 5,102.10 5,783.70 6,241.80 6,806.10 7,132.80 O–2 4,408.50 5,020.80 5,782.80 5,978.10 6,100.80 O–1 3,826.20 3,982.80 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 Over 8 Over 10 Over 12 Over 14 Over 16 O–8 $14,506.50 $14,641.80 $15,192.60 $15,351.30 $15,825.90 O–7 12,198.30 12,574.20 12,948.90 13,325.40 14,506.50 O–6 9,887.40 9,941.40 9,941.40 10,506.30 11,505.00 O–5 8,722.50 9,153.00 9,469.80 9,878.10 10,501.80 O–4 8,127.90 8,684.10 9,116.10 9,416.70 9,589.50 O–3 7,490.70 7,721.70 8,102.10 8,301.00 8,301.00 O–2 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 O–1 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 Over 18 Over 20 Over 22 Over 24 Over 26 O–10 $0.00 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 O–9 0.00 18,096.00 18,357.30 18,491.70 18,491.70 O–8 16,512.90 17,145.60 17,568.60 17,568.60 17,568.60 O–7 15,504.30 15,504.30 15,504.30 15,504.30 15,584.10 O–6 12,091.20 12,677.10 13,010.70 13,348.50 14,002.80 O–5 10,799.10 11,093.10 11,426.70 11,426.70 11,426.70 O–4 9,689.10 9,689.10 9,689.10 9,689.10 9,689.10 O–3 8,301.00 8,301.00 8,301.00 8,301.00 8,301.00 O–2 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 O–1 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 Over 28 Over 30 Over 32 Over 34 Over 36 O–10 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 O–9 18,491.70 18,491.70 18,491.70 18,491.70 18,491.70 O–8 17,568.60 18,008.40 18,008.40 18,458.10 18,458.10 O–7 15,584.10 15,895.80 15,895.80 15,895.80 15,895.80 O–6 14,002.80 14,282.40 14,282.40 14,282.40 14,282.40 O–5 11,426.70 11,426.70 11,426.70 11,426.70 11,426.70 O–4 9,689.10 9,689.10 9,689.10 9,689.10 9,689.10 O–3 8,301.00 8,301.00 8,301.00 8,301.00 8,301.00 O–2 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 O–1 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 Over 38 Over 40 O–10 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 O–9 18,491.70 18,491.70 O–8 18,458.10 18,458.10 O–7 15,895.80 15,895.80 O–6 14,282.40 14,282.40 O–5 11,426.70 11,426.70 O–4 9,689.10 9,689.10 O–3 8,301.00 8,301.00 O–2 6,100.80 6,100.80 O–1 4,814.70 4,814.70 Commissioned Officers With Over 4 Years of Active Duty Service As An Enlisted Member or Warrant Officer Pay Grade 2 or Fewer Over 2 Over 3 Over 4 Over 6 O–3E $0.00 $0.00 $0.00 $6,806.10 $7,132.80 O–2E 0.00 0.00 0.00 5,978.10 6,100.80 O–1E 0.00 0.00 0.00 4,814.70 5,141.10 Over 8 Over 10 Over 12 Over 14 Over 16 O–3E $7,490.70 $7,721.70 $8,102.10 $8,423.40 $8,607.90 O–2E 6,294.90 6,622.80 6,876.60 7,065.00 7,065.00 O–1E 5,331.30 5,525.70 5,716.50 5,978.10 5,978.10 Over 18 Over 20 Over 22 Over 24 Over 26 O–3E $8,859.00 $8,859.00 $8,859.00 $8,859.00 $8,859.00 O–2E 7,065.00 7,065.00 7,065.00 7,065.00 7,065.00 O–1E 5,978.10 5,978.10 5,978.10 5,978.10 5,978.10 Over 28 Over 30 Over 32 Over 34 Over 36 O–3E $8,859.00 $8,859.00 $8,859.00 $8,859.00 $8,859.00 O–2E 7,065.00 7,065.00 7,065.00 7,065.00 7,065.00 O–1E 5,978.10 5,978.10 5,978.10 5,978.10 5,978.10 Over 38 Over 40 O–3E $8,859.00 $8,859.00 O–2E 7,065.00 7,065.00 O–1E 5,978.10 5,978.10 Warrant Officers Pay Grade 2 or Fewer Over 2 Over 3 Over 4 Over 6 W–4 $5,273.10 $5,671.50 $5,834.40 $5,994.60 $6,270.60 W–3 4,815.60 5,015.70 5,222.10 5,289.00 5,504.40 W–2 4,260.90 4,663.80 4,787.70 4,873.20 5,149.20 W–1 3,739.80 4,143.00 4,250.70 4,479.60 4,749.90 Over 8 Over 10 Over 12 Over 14 Over 16 W–4 $6,543.60 $6,820.20 $7,235.40 $7,599.90 $7,946.70 W–3 5,928.90 6,370.80 6,579.00 6,819.90 7,067.40 W–2 5,578.50 5,791.80 6,001.20 6,257.40 6,457.80 W–1 5,148.30 5,334.30 5,595.30 5,850.90 6,052.20 Over 18 Over 20 Over 22 Over 24 Over 26 W–5 $9,375.60 $9,375.60 $9,851.10 $10,205.70 $10,597.20 W–4 8,231.10 8,508.30 8,914.50 9,248.70 9,629.70 W–3 7,513.80 7,814.70 7,994.70 8,186.10 8,447.10 W–2 6,639.00 6,856.20 6,998.70 7,111.80 7,111.80 W–1 6,237.60 6,462.90 6,462.90 6,462.90 6,462.90 Over 28 Over 30 Over 32 Over 34 Over 36 W–5 $10,597.20 $11,128.20 $11,128.20 $11,683.50 $11,683.50 W–4 9,629.70 9,821.70 9,821.70 9,821.70 9,821.70 W–3 8,447.10 8,447.10 8,447.10 8,447.10 8,447.10 W–2 7,111.80 7,111.80 7,111.80 7,111.80 7,111.80 W–1 6,462.90 6,462.90 6,462.90 6,462.90 6,462.90 Over 38 Over 40 W–5 $12,269.10 $12,269.10 W–4 9,821.70 9,821.70 W–3 8,447.10 8,447.10 W–2 7,111.80 7,111.80 W–1 6,462.90 6,462.90 Enlisted Members Pay Grade 2 or Fewer Over 2 Over 3 Over 4 Over 6 E–7 $3,624.90 $3,956.40 $4,108.20 $4,308.30 $4,465.50 E–6 3,135.60 3,450.60 3,603.00 3,750.90 3,904.80 E–5 3,082.20 3,317.10 3,479.40 3,638.70 3,790.80 E–4 3,028.80 3,183.60 3,356.10 3,526.20 3,677.10 E–3 2,733.90 2,906.10 3,082.20 3,082.20 3,082.20 E–2 2,600.10 2,600.10 2,600.10 2,600.10 2,600.10 E–1 2,319.90 2,319.90 2,319.90 2,319.90 2,319.90 Over 8 Over 10 Over 12 Over 14 Over 16 E–9 $0.00 $6,370.50 $6,514.80 $6,696.60 $6,910.50 E–8 5,214.90 5,445.60 5,588.40 5,759.40 5,944.50 E–7 4,734.60 4,886.40 5,155.20 5,379.30 5,532.30 E–6 4,252.50 4,387.80 4,649.70 4,729.80 4,788.00 E–5 3,964.80 4,052.10 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 E–4 3,677.10 3,677.10 3,677.10 3,677.10 3,677.10 E–3 3,082.20 3,082.20 3,082.20 3,082.20 3,082.20 E–2 2,600.10 2,600.10 2,600.10 2,600.10 2,600.10 E–1 2,319.90 2,319.90 2,319.90 2,319.90 2,319.90 Over 18 Over 20 Over 22 Over 24 Over 26 E–9 $7,127.10 $7,472.10 $7,765.20 $8,072.70 $8,544.00 E–8 6,279.30 6,449.10 6,737.40 6,897.30 7,291.20 E–7 5,694.90 5,757.90 5,969.70 6,083.10 6,515.70 E–6 4,856.40 4,856.40 4,856.40 4,856.40 4,856.40 E–5 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 E–4 3,677.10 3,677.10 3,677.10 3,677.10 3,677.10 E–3 3,082.20 3,082.20 3,082.20 3,082.20 3,082.20 E–2 2,600.10 2,600.10 2,600.10 2,600.10 2,600.10 E–1 2,319.90 2,319.90 2,319.90 2,319.90 2,319.90 Over 28 Over 30 Over 32 Over 34 Over 36 E–9 $8,544.00 $8,970.30 $8,970.30 $9,419.40 $9,419.40 E–8 7,291.20 7,437.30 7,437.30 7,437.30 7,437.30 E–7 6,515.70 6,515.70 6,515.70 6,515.70 6,515.70 E–6 4,856.40 4,856.40 4,856.40 4,856.40 4,856.40 E–5 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 E–4 3,677.10 3,677.10 3,677.10 3,677.10 3,677.10 E–3 3,082.20 3,082.20 3,082.20 3,082.20 3,082.20 E–2 2,600.10 2,600.10 2,600.10 2,600.10 2,600.10 E–1 2,319.90 2,319.90 2,319.90 2,319.90 2,319.90 Over 38 Over 40 E–9 $9,891.30 $9,891.30 E–8 7,437.30 7,437.30 E–7 6,515.70 6,515.70 E–6 4,856.40 4,856.40 E–5 4,076.40 4,076.40 E–4 3,677.10 3,677.10 E–3 3,082.20 3,082.20 E–2 2,600.10 2,600.10 E–1 2,319.90 2,319.90 102. Evaluation of the rates of the basic allowance for subsistence Not later than April 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report containing the evaluation of the Secretary of the rates of the basic allowance for subsistence under section 402 of title 37, United States Code. Elements of such report shall include the following: (1) The determination of the Secretary whether such rates are sufficient. (2) Other factors that could be used to determine such rates, including— (A) the number of dependents a member of the uniformed services has; (B) whether the member has access to fresh fruits, vegetables, dairy products, and meat; (C) whether the member has access to healthy food; and (D) the local costs of food, including at commissaries operated by the Secretary under chapter 147 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The recommendations of the Secretary whether, and how, such rates may be improved. 103. Basic needs allowance for members on active service in the Armed Forces: expansion of eligibility; increase of amount (a) Eligibility Section 402b of title 37, United States Code, is amended, in subsection (b)(2)— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking (A) ; (B) by striking 150 percent and inserting 200 percent ; and (C) by striking ; or and inserting ; and ; and (2) by striking subparagraph (B). (b) Amount Such section is further amended, in subsection (c)(1)(A), by striking 150 percent (or, in the case of a member described in subsection (b)(2)(B), 200 percent) and inserting 200 percent . 104. Basic allowance for housing: authorization of appropriations For fiscal year 2025, there is authorized to be appropriated $1,200,000,000 for the purpose of fully funding the basic allowance for housing for members of the uniformed services under section 403 of title 37, United States Code. 105. Expansion of authority of a commanding officer to authorize a basic allowance for housing for a member performing initial field or sea duty Subsection (f) of section 403 of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking certifies that the member was necessarily required to procure quarters at the member's expense. and inserting an em dash; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: (A) certifies that the member was required to procure housing at the member's expense; or (B) determines that quarters at the duty station or in the field environment are inadequate or an impediment to morale, good order, or discipline. ; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) by striking the Secretary may authorize and inserting a commanding officer may authorize ; (B) by striking who is serving in pay grade E–4 or E–5 and inserting who is serving in a pay grade below E–6 ; and (C) by striking members serving in pay grades E–4 and E–5 and inserting such members. In authorizing an allowance under this subparagraph, the commanding officer shall consider the availability of quarters for the member and whether such quarters are inadequate or an impediment to morale, good order, or discipline . 106. Report regarding the calculation of cost-of-living allowances (a) Report required Not later than April 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report regarding the CONUS COLA and OCONUS COLA. Such report shall include the following elements: (1) The factors used to calculate the CONUS COLA and OCONUS COLA. (2) An explanation of how the factors described in paragraph (1) are determined. (3) An explanation of how the CONUS COLA and OCONUS COLA may be adjusted, including— (A) timelines for such an adjustment; (B) bases for such an adjustment; and (C) the relationship between CONUS COLA and OCONUS COLA. (4) The evaluation of the Secretary whether the surveys used to collect data from members to calculate the CONUS COLA and OCONUS COLA are effective. (5) The evaluation of the Secretary whether the calculation of the CONUS COLA and OCONUS COLA is effective. (6) The assessment of the Secretary whether the calculation of the CONUS COLA or OCONUS COLA should include additional factors, including— (A) the number of dependents a member has; (B) vicinity and commissary costs; (C) the reimbursement of expenses (including tolls and taxes) incurred by a member based on the duty station of such member; (D) remoteness; (E) hardship; (F) loss of spousal income; (G) the unavailability of goods or services in the vicinity of a duty station; and (H) any other factor that the Secretary determines appropriate. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) The term CONUS COLA means the cost-of-living allowance paid to a member of the uniformed services under section 403b of title 37, United States Code. (2) The term OCONUS COLA means a cost-of-living allowance paid to a member of the uniformed services on the basis that— (A) the member is assigned to a permanent duty station located outside the continental United States; or (B) the dependents of such member reside outside the continental United States but not in the vicinity of the permanent duty station of such member. II Child Care 201. Competitive pay for Department of Defense child care personnel (a) In general Section 1792(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (c) Competitive rates of pay (1) For the purpose of providing military child development centers with a qualified and stable civilian workforce, employees at a military installation who are directly involved in providing child care and who are paid from nonappropriated funds— (A) in the case of entry-level employees, shall be paid a rate of pay competitive with the rates of pay paid to other equivalent non-Federal positions within the metropolitan statistical area or non-metropolitan statistical area (as the case may be) in which such Department employee’s position is located; and (B) in the case of any employee not covered by subparagraph (A), shall be paid a rate of pay competitive with the rates of pay paid to other employees with similar training, seniority, and experience within the metropolitan statistical area or non-metropolitan statistical area (as the case may be) in which such Department employee’s position is located. (2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1), no employee shall receive a rate of pay under this subsection that is lower than the minimum hourly rate of pay applicable to civilian employees of the Department of Defense. (3) For purposes of determining the rates of pay under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall use the metropolitan and nonmetropolitan area occupational employment and wage estimates published monthly by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. . (b) Application (1) In general The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) Rates of pay (A) Current employee pay rate not reduced The rate of pay for any individual who is an employee covered by subsection (c) of section 1792 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a) of this section, on the date of the enactment of this Act shall not be reduced by operation of such amendment. (B) Pay band minimum Any employee whose rate of pay is fixed under such subsection (c), as so amended, and who is within any pay band shall receive a rate of pay not less than the minimum rate of pay applicable to such pay band. 202. Parent fees at military child development centers for child care employees Section 1793 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following new subsections: (d) Child care employee discount In order to support recruitment and retention initiatives, the Secretary of Defense shall charge reduced fees for the attendance, at a military child development center, of the children of a child care employee as follows: (1) For the first child, no fee. (2) For each other child, a fee equal to or less than a fee discounted under subsection (c). (e) Prohibition of concurrent discounts A family may not receive discounts under subsections (c) and (d) concurrently. . 203. Child care services and youth program services for dependents (a) In general Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary of Defense shall fully fund requests for financial assistance to eligible civilian providers of child care services or youth program services under section 1798 of title 10, United States Code. (b) Rule of construction This section shall not be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary under subsection (a) of section 1798 of such title to determine whether to provide such financial assistance to an eligible provider. 204. Briefings on military child development centers (a) Briefings required The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives briefings regarding child care services at military child development centers according to the following schedule: (1) Once every three months beginning on March 1, 2025, and ending on March 1, 2026. (2) On March 1 of each year thereafter through 2030. (b) Elements Each briefing shall include, with regard to the period covered by the briefing, the following elements: (1) Waiting lists for such services, disaggregated by military installation. (2) Shortages of child care employees at military child development centers, disaggregated by military installation. (3) Insufficient capacity of military child development centers, disaggregated by military installation. (4) Efforts of the Secretary of Defense to mitigate such shortages or insufficiencies in order to shorten such waiting lists. (c) Definitions In this section, the terms military child development center and child care employee have the meanings given such terms in section 1800 of title 10, United States Code. III Military Housing 301. Budget justification for certain Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization projects Chapter 9 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 226 the following new section: 227. Budget justification for covered military unaccompanied housing Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization projects (a) In general Along with the budget for each fiscal year submitted by the President pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, each Secretary of a military department shall include a consolidated budget justification display that individually identifies— (1) for the fiscal year covered by the budget, the total requested expenditure for Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization projects for covered military unaccompanied housing, disaggregated by military department; and (2) the total expenditure for Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization projects made during the fiscal year beginning two years before the fiscal year covered by the budget, disagggregated by— (A) military installation; (B) the type of facility repaired or restored under such projects; (C) the number of such projects that were for sustainment or repair of a facility; and (D) the number of such projects that were for restoration or modernization of a facility. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) The term covered military unaccompanied housing has the meaning given in section 2856 of this title. (2) The terms facility and military installation have the meanings given, respectively, in section 2801 of this title. . 302. Digital facilities management systems for military departments (a) Digital facilities management systems for military departments (1) Criteria Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment, in coordination with each covered Assistant Secretary, shall develop criteria for a new or established digital facilities management system for each military department. Each such system shall have the capability to, with respect to each military installation— (A) track conditions of individual facilities, applying the uniform index developed under section 2838 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ), for each military installation under the jurisdiction of each such covered Assistant Secretary; (B) plan for maintenance actions for each facility; and (C) generate reports that include data on— (i) the type and function of each facility; (ii) the overall condition of each facility; (iii) planned maintenance for each facility during a 5-year period following the date of submission of the criteria; (iv) conditions that may lead to a failure to maintain minimum physical security or configuration standards for members of the Armed Forces during the 12-month period following the date of submission of the criteria; and (v) the date on which the facility will have been in use for 40 years. (2) Briefing Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment develops the criteria required under paragraph (1), the Assistant Secretary shall provide to Congress a briefing on such criteria. (3) Implementation Not later than one year after the date on which the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment develops the criteria required under paragraph (1), each covered Assistant Secretary shall implement a digital facilities management system for the military department under the jurisdiction of that meets the criteria described in paragraph (1). (b) Definitions In this section: (1) The term covered Assistant Secretary means— (A) the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Installations, Energy, and Environment; (B) the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Energy, Installations, and Environment; and (C) the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Installations, Environment, and Energy. (2) The term facility has the meaning given in section 2801 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The term military department has the meaning given in section 101 of such title. (4) The term military installation has the meaning given in section 2801 of such title. 303. Strategy for use of existing leasing authorities to address shortages of covered military unaccompanied housing required (a) Strategy required (1) In general Each Secretary of a military department shall develop a strategy to use the authorities of such Secretary, in effect as of such date, to lease real property to address shortages of covered military unaccompanied housing. (2) Elements Each strategy required by paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to military installations under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the military department concerned— (A) an identification of military installations with the largest shortages of covered military unaccompanied housing; (B) an identification of military installations where existing facilities of covered military unaccompanied housing are in poor or failing condition under the uniform index for evaluating the condition of covered military unaccompanied housing required by section 2838 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 10 U.S.C. note prec. 2851); (C) plans of such Secretary in effect as of the date of the enactment of this Act to address shortages of covered military unaccompanied housing or the condition of facilities of covered military unaccompanied housing using— (i) military construction projects; or (ii) facility sustainment, restoration, or modernization funds; and (D) an assessment of whether the leasing authority under section 2661 of title 10, United States Code, or intergovernmental support agreements under section 2679 of such title would be suitable for use by such Secretary to address— (i) shortages of covered military unaccompanied housing; or (ii) the poor or failing condition of a facility of covered military unaccompanied housing. (3) Deadline Each Secretary of a military department shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the strategy required by subsection (a) by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) Authorization of appropriations The following amounts are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Defense to carry out actions that may be taken pursuant to a strategy required by subsection (a): (1) $15,000,000 for Operations and Maintenance, Army. (2) $9,000,000 for Operations and Maintenance, Navy. (3) $6,000,000 for Operations and Maintenance, Marine Corps. (4) $15,000,000 for Operations and Maintenance, Air Force. (c) Definitions In this section: (1) The term congressional defense committees has the meaning given such term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. (2) The term covered military unaccompanied housing has the meaning given such term in section 2856 of such title. (3) The terms facility and military construction project have the meanings given such terms in section 2801 of such title. 304. Independent assessment of estimated costs of certain strategies to address shortages of covered military unaccompanied housing (a) Agreement Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with an FFRDC for an assessment that compares the estimated total cost to the United States during the 20-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act of— (1) the construction and maintenance of facilities of covered military unaccompanied housing to address shortages in covered military unaccompanied housing; and (2) the modification of policies of the Department of Defense and each military department to permit a greater number of members of the Armed Forces to reside in housing facilities other than covered military unaccompanied housing (including such policies relating to the payment of basic allowance for housing under section 403 of title 37, United States Code). (b) Report on assessment An FFRDC that enters into an agreement under subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary of Defense a report on such assessment. Such report shall include— (1) a comprehensive review of— (A) the total lifecycle costs, disaggregated by each military department, of the construction, sustainment, and modernization of facilities of covered unaccompanied housing to meet— (i) the needs for housing for members of the Armed Forces as of the date of the enactment of this Act; and (ii) the projected needs for such housing during the 20-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, as determined by each Secretary concerned; (B) the applicable policies of each military department with respect to which members of the Armed Forces are required to reside in covered military unaccompanied housing; and (C) for each military department, the expected expenditure for basic allowance for housing under section 403 of title 37, United States Code, during the 20-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act compared to such total lifecycle costs; (2) a summary of the research and other activities carried out as part of such comprehensive review; and (3) recommendations of the FFRDC with respect to requirements and policies of the Department of Defense and each military department for covered military unaccompanied housing. (c) Submission to Congress (1) In general Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense receives the report under subsection (b), such Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report that includes— (A) an unaltered copy of the report of the FFRDC submitted to the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (b); and (B) the written responses of the Secretary of the Defense and the Secretaries concerned with respect to the results of such report. (2) Form The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) The term covered military unaccompanied housing has the meaning given such term in section 2856 of title 10, United States Code. (2) The term facility has the meaning given such term in section 2801 of such title. (3) The term FFRDC means a federally funded research and development center. IV Access to Health Care 401. TRICARE program: waiver of referral requirement under TRICARE Prime for certain care in a military medical treatment facility Section 1095f(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting (A) before The Secretary ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (B) The Secretary shall waive the referral requirement in paragraph (1) in the case of a member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty who seeks to obtain any of the following kinds of care in a military medical treatment facility: (i) Physical therapy. (ii) Nutritional. (iii) Audiological. (iv) Optometric. (v) Podiatric. (vi) Primary and preventive health care services for women (as such term is defined in section 1074d of this title). . 402. Referral of a member of the Armed Forces to a TRICARE provider for urgent behavioral health services Section 722 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended— (1) by striking If and inserting (a) In general.— Subject to subsection (b), if ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: (b) Urgent behavioral health services (1) In general If the Secretary of Defense is unable to provide urgent behavioral health services in a military medical treatment facility to a covered individual during the three-day period following the date on which such services are first requested by the covered individual, the Secretary shall refer the covered individual to a provider under the TRICARE program to receive such services. (2) Covered individual defined In this subsection, the term covered individual means— (A) a member of the Armed Forces on active duty; (B) a retired member of the Armed Forces; (C) a dependent of a member described in paragraph (1); or (D) a dependent of a former member described in paragraph (2). . 403. Retention of health care providers: surveys; briefing; reports (a) Surveys The Secretary of a military department shall conduct an annual survey of health care providers under the jurisdiction of such Secretary to determine why such providers remain on, or separate from, active duty in such military department. (b) Briefing Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of a military department shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing regarding the plan of such Secretary to carry out the survey under this section. (c) Reports Not later than September 30 of each year, beginning in 2025, the Secretary of a military department shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report regarding the most recent survey under this section. (1) Elements Each report shall include the following elements: (A) Demographic data regarding the providers, disaggregated under paragraph (2). (B) Reasons providers gave for remaining. (C) Reasons providers gave for separating. (D) The determination of the Secretary whether there is a trend regarding retention or such reasons. (E) Efforts of the Secretary to reverse a negative trend or encourage a positive trend. (F) Legislative recommendations of the Secretary regarding how to reverse a negative trend or encourage a positive trend. (2) Demographic data In each report, the Secretary of a military department shall disaggregate demographic data regarding providers who participated in the most recent survey on the bases of the following categories: (A) Medical specialty. (B) Rank. (C) Gender. (D) Years of service in such military department. (E) Whether the provider became an officer on active duty in such military department— (i) pursuant to the Armed Forces Health Professions Scholarship and Financial Assistance program under subchapter I of chapter 105 of title 10, United States Code; (ii) after graduating from the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences established under section 2112 of such title; or (iii) otherwise. (d) Termination This section shall cease to have effect on September 30, 2030. V Support for Military Spouses 501. Interstate compacts for portability of occupational licenses of military spouses: permanent authority (a) In general Section 1784(h) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (5). (b) Effective date The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if enacted immediately following the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ), to which such amendment relates. 502. Permanent Military Spouse Career Accelerator program (a) Establishment Section 1784 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (i) Employment fellowship opportunities The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a program to provide spouses of members of the Armed Forces with paid fellowships with employers in various industries. To carry out such program, the Secretary shall take the following steps: (1) Enter into an agreement with an entity to conduct such program. (2) Determine the appropriate capacity for the program based on the availability of appropriations for such purpose. (3) Establish criteria to evaluate the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of the program in supporting the employment of such spouses. . (b) Effective date Subsection (i) of such section shall take effect on January 1, 2026. (c) Conforming amendment The pilot program under section 564 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 10 U.S.C. 1784 note) shall terminate on January 1, 2026. 503. Child care services and youth program services for dependents: period of services for a member with a spouse seeking employment (a) Period The Secretary of a military department may provide a covered member with covered services for a period of at least 180 days. (b) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed to— (1) entitle a covered member to covered services; or (2) give priority to a covered member for purposes of a determination regarding who shall receive covered services. (c) Definitions In this section: (1) The term covered member means a member of the Armed Forces— (A) who has a dependent child; and (B) whose spouse is seeking employment. (2) The term covered services means child care services or youth program services provided or paid for by the Secretary of Defense under subchapter II of chapter 88 of title 10, United States Code.

118 HR 8433 IH: Abolishing Woke Awards for Research and Development Act of 2024 U.S. House of Representatives 2024-05-16 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 8433 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 16, 2024 Ms. Hageman (for herself, Mr. Banks , and Mr. Burlison ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce A BILL To amend the Public Health Service Act to require the National Institutes of Health to select awardees based on merit, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Abolishing Woke Awards for Research and Development Act of 2024 . 2. Requiring NIH To select awardees based on merit Part A of title IV of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 281 et seq. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: 404P. Requiring NIH To select awardees based on merit (a) In general The National Institutes of Health (including any officer thereof)— (1) shall select the recipients of grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, or other awards based only on— (A) the merits of the proposals; and (B) the intrinsic research, development, and scientific benefits of the proposals; and (2) shall not mandate the use of diversity statements or any other diversity, equity, and inclusion material or documentation as a qualification for, or condition of receipt of, an award. (b) Rule of construction Nothing in this section may be construed to prevent the National Institutes of Health from conducting or supporting the disaggregation of data by population for purposes of conducting research or developing products. (c) Definition In this section, the term diversity statement means any written or oral statement discussing— (1) the race, sex, color, ethnicity, gender identity, or sexual orientation of the person making the statement; (2) the views of the person making the statement on, experience with, or contributions to— (A) diversity, equity, and inclusion; (B) marginalized groups; (C) anti-racism; (D) social justice; (E) intersectionality; (F) confessing one's race-based privilege; or (G) related concepts; (3) the views of the person making the statement on, experience with the race, sex, color, ethnicity, gender identity, or sexual orientation of students and co-workers; or (4) the views of the person making the statement regarding any theory or practice that advocates for the differential treatment of any individual or groups of individuals based on race, sex, color, gender, ethnicity, gender identity, or sexual orientation. .

118 HR 8580 PCS: Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2024-09-12 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II Calendar No. 506 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 8580 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES June 11, 2024 Received September 12, 2024 Read twice and placed on the calendar AN ACT Making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes, namely: I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE Military construction, army For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Army as currently authorized by law, including personnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for construction and operation of facilities in support of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $2,217,757,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $334,738,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, architect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That of the amount made available under this heading, $87,100,000 shall be for the projects and activities, and in the amounts, specified in the table under the heading Military Construction, Army in the report accompanying this Act, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes. Military construction, navy and marine corps For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, naval installations, facilities, and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as currently authorized by law, including personnel in the Naval Facilities Engineering Command and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, $4,332,414,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $877,946,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That of the amount made available under this heading, $70,480,000 shall be for the projects and activities, and in the amounts, specified in the table under the heading Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps in the report accompanying this Act, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes. Military construction, air force For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Air Force as currently authorized by law, $3,268,276,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $459,926,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That of the amount made available under this heading, $299,000,000 shall be for the projects and activities, and in the amounts, specified in the table under the heading Military Construction, Air Force in the report accompanying this Act, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes. Military construction, defense-Wide (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, installations, facilities, and real property for activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as currently authorized by law, $3,500,083,000 (increased by $200,000,000) (reduced by $200,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2029: Provided, That such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided further, That, of the amount, not to exceed $395,131,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of Defense determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That of the amount made available under this heading, $47,920,000 shall be for the projects and activities, and in the amounts, specified in the table under the heading Military Construction, Defense-Wide in the report accompanying this Act, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes. Military construction, army national guard For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $367,129,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $30,529,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Army National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. Military construction, air national guard For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $195,792,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $15,792,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. Military construction, army reserve For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $265,032,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $41,508,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Army Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That of the amount made available under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for the projects and activities, and in the amounts, specified in the table under the heading Military Construction, Army Reserve in the report accompanying this Act, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes. Military construction, navy reserve For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the reserve components of the Navy and Marine Corps as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $67,329,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $3,219,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That, of the amount made available under this heading, $37,500,000 shall be for the projects and activities, and in the amounts, specified in the table under the heading Military Construction, Navy Reserve in the report accompanying this Act, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes. Military construction, air force reserve For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $50,499,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $3,798,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. North atlantic treaty organization Security investment program For the United States share of the cost of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program for the acquisition and construction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related expenses for the collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as authorized by section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $433,864,000, to remain available until expended. Department of defense base closure account For deposit into the Department of Defense Base Closure Account, established by section 2906(a) of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 ( 10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $547,961,000 (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000), to remain available until expended. Family housing construction, army For expenses of family housing for the Army for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $276,647,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029. Family housing operation and maintenance, army For expenses of family housing for the Army for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $485,611,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000). Family housing construction, navy and marine corps For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $245,742,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029. Family housing operation and maintenance, navy and marine corps For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $387,217,000. Family housing construction, air force For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $221,549,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029. Family housing operation and maintenance, air force For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $336,250,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000). Family housing operation and maintenance, defense-Wide For expenses of family housing for the activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) for operation and maintenance, leasing, and minor construction, as authorized by law, $52,156,000. Department of defense Family housing improvement fund For the Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund, $8,195,000, to remain available until expended, for family housing initiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing and supporting facilities. Department of defense Military unaccompanied housing improvement fund For the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund, $497,000, to remain available until expended, for unaccompanied housing initiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military unaccompanied housing and supporting facilities. Administrative provisions 101. None of the funds made available in this title shall be expended for payments under a cost-plus-a-fixed-fee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be performed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of Defense setting forth the reasons therefor. 102. Funds made available in this title for construction shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles. 103. Funds made available in this title for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, for the construction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are certified as important to the national defense by the Secretary of Defense. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to begin construction of new bases in the United States for which specific appropriations have not been made. 105. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for purchase of land or land easements in excess of 100 percent of the value as determined by the Army Corps of Engineers or the Naval Facilities Engineering Command, except: (1) where there is a determination of value by a Federal court; (2) purchases negotiated by the Attorney General or the designee of the Attorney General; (3) where the estimated value is less than $25,000; or (4) as otherwise determined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the public interest. 106. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used to: (1) acquire land; (2) provide for site preparation; or (3) install utilities for any family housing, except housing for which funds have been made available in annual Acts making appropriations for military construction. 107. None of the funds made available in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 108. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for the procurement of steel for any construction project or activity for which American steel producers, fabricators, and manufacturers have been denied the opportunity to compete for such steel procurement. 109. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for military construction or family housing during the current fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. 110. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to initiate a new installation overseas without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 111. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated for architect and engineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North Atlantic Treaty Organization member country, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. 112. None of the funds made available in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to exceed $1,000,000 to a foreign contractor: Provided, That this section shall not be applicable to contract awards for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a United States contractor exceeds the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to contract awards for military construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is submitted by a Marshallese contractor. 113. The Secretary of Defense shall inform the appropriate committees of both Houses of Congress, including the Committees on Appropriations, of plans and scope of any proposed military exercise involving United States personnel 30 days prior to its occurring, if amounts expended for construction, either temporary or permanent, are anticipated to exceed $100,000. 114. Funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for construction in prior years shall be available for construction authorized for each such military department by the authorizations enacted into law during the current session of Congress. 115. For military construction or family housing projects that are being completed with funds otherwise expired or lapsed for obligation, expired or lapsed funds may be used to pay the cost of associated supervision, inspection, overhead, engineering and design on those projects and on subsequent claims, if any. 116. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any funds made available to a military department or defense agency for the construction of military projects may be obligated for a military construction project or contract, or for any portion of such a project or contract, at any time before the end of the fourth fiscal year after the fiscal year for which funds for such project were made available, if the funds obligated for such project: (1) are obligated from funds available for military construction projects; and (2) do not exceed the amount appropriated for such project, plus any amount by which the cost of such project is increased pursuant to law. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 117. Subject to 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, such additional amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to: (1) the Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction in Family Housing accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund; or (2) the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction of military unaccompanied housing in Military Construction accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund: Provided, That appropriations made available to the Funds shall be available to cover the costs, as defined in section 502(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans or loan guarantees issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to the provisions of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing, military unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 118. In addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense, amounts may be transferred from the Department of Defense Base Closure Account to the fund established by section 1013(d) of the Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 ( 42 U.S.C. 3374 ) to pay for expenses associated with the Homeowners Assistance Program incurred under 42 U.S.C. 3374(a)(1)(A) . Any amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the fund to which transferred. 119. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this title for operation and maintenance of family housing shall be the exclusive source of funds for repair and maintenance of all family housing units, including general or flag officer quarters: Provided, That not more than $20,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and repair of any general or flag officer quarters without 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, except that an after-the-fact notification shall be submitted if the limitation is exceeded solely due to costs associated with environmental remediation that could not be reasonably anticipated at the time of the budget submission: Provided further, That the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is to report annually to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress all operation and maintenance expenditures for each individual general or flag officer quarters for the prior fiscal year. 120. Amounts contained in the Ford Island Improvement Account established by subsection (h) of section 2814 of title 10, United States Code, are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the purposes specified in subsection (i)(1) of such section or until transferred pursuant to subsection (i)(3) of such section. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 121. During the 5-year period after appropriations available in this Act to the Department of Defense for military construction and family housing operation and maintenance and construction have expired for obligation, upon a determination that such appropriations will not be necessary for the liquidation of obligations or for making authorized adjustments to such appropriations for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobligated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, Defense , to be merged with and to be available for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 122. Amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in an account funded under the headings in this title may be transferred among projects and activities within the account in accordance with the reprogramming guidelines for military construction and family housing construction contained in Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, Volume 3, Chapter 7, of March 2021, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 123. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated or expended for planning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. 124. For an additional amount for the accounts and in the amounts specified, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Military Construction, Army , $167,000,000; Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps , $45,000,000; Military Construction, Air Force , $68,000,000; Military Construction, Army National Guard , $44,000,000; and Military Construction, Air National Guard , $33,000,000. Provided, That such funds may only be obligated to carry out construction and cost to complete projects identified in the respective military department’s unfunded priority list for fiscal year 2025 submitted to Congress: Provided further, That such projects are subject to authorization prior to obligation and expenditure of funds to carry out construction: Provided further, That not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military department concerned, or their designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 125. All amounts appropriated to the Department of Defense—Military Construction, Army , Department of Defense—Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps , Department of Defense—Military Construction, Air Force , and Department of Defense—Military Construction, Defense-Wide accounts pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in a National Defense Authorization Act specified for fiscal year 2025 in the funding table in section 4601 of that Act shall be immediately available and allotted to contract for the full scope of authorized projects. 126. Notwithstanding section 116 of this Act, funds made available in this Act or any available unobligated balances from prior appropriations Acts may be obligated before October 1, 2026, for fiscal year 2018, 2019, and 2020 military construction projects for which project authorization has not lapsed or for which authorization is extended for fiscal year 2025 by a National Defense Authorization Act: Provided, That no amounts may be obligated pursuant to this section from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 127. For the purposes of this Act, the term congressional defense committees means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 128. For an additional amount for the accounts and in the amounts specified for planning and design and for construction improvements to Department of Defense laboratory facilities, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Military Construction, Army, $15,000,000; Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps , $15,000,000; and Military Construction, Air Force , $15,000,000: Provided, That not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military department concerned, or their designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section: Provided further, That the Secretary of the military department concerned may not obligate or expend any funds prior to approval by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the expenditure plan required by this section. 129. For an additional amount for Military Construction, Air Force , $100,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029, for expenses incurred as a result of natural disasters: Provided, That not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, or their designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both House of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 130. For an additional amount for the accounts and in the amounts specified for planning and design, for child development centers, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Military Construction, Army , $25,000,000; Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps , $25,000,000; and Military Construction, Air Force , $25,000,000: Provided, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military department concerned, or their designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 131. For an additional amount for the accounts and amounts specified for planning and design, for barracks, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Military Construction Army , $25,000,000; Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps , $25,000,000; and Military Construction, Air Force , $25,000,000: Provided, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military department concerned, or their designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 132. For an additional amount for the accounts and in the amounts specified for unspecified minor construction for demolition, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Military Construction, Army , $15,000,000; Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps , $15,000,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000); Military Construction, Air Force , $15,000,000; Provided, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military department concerned, or their designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section: Provided further, That the Secretary of the military department concerned may not obligate or expend any funds prior to approval by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the expenditure plan required by this section. 133. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. II DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS Veterans benefits administration COMPENSATION AND PENSIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the payment of compensation benefits to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot program for disability examinations as authorized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Program for Survivors, emergency and other officers' retirement pay, adjusted-service credits and certificates, payment of premiums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as authorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $9,820,699,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that become available on October 1, 2024, to remain available until expended; and, in addition, $204,481,753,000 (increased by $1,000,000), which shall become available on October 1, 2025, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $22,816,224 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2026 under this heading shall be reimbursed to General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration , and Information Technology Systems for necessary expenses in implementing the provisions of chapters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically provided as the Compensation and Pensions appropriation: Provided further, That such sums as may be earned on an actual qualifying patient basis, shall be reimbursed to Medical Care Collections Fund to augment the funding of individual medical facilities for nursing home care provided to pensioners as authorized. READJUSTMENT BENEFITS For the payment of readjustment and rehabilitation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $2,657,656,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2024, to remain available until expended; and in addition, $17,614,235,000, which shall become available on October 1, 2025, to remain available until expended: Provided, That expenses for rehabilitation program services and assistance which the Secretary is authorized to provide under subsection (a) of section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, other than under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of that subsection, shall be charged to this account. VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES For military and naval insurance, national service life insurance, servicemen's indemnities, service-disabled veterans insurance, and veterans mortgage life insurance as authorized by chapters 19 and 21 of title 38, United States Code, $131,518,000, which shall become available on October 1, 2025, to remain available until expended. VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by subchapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That, during fiscal year 2025, within the resources available, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $319,596,460 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000). VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT For the cost of direct loans, $64,431, as authorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $1,563,660. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct loan program, $493,868, which may be paid to the appropriation for General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration . NATIVE AMERICAN VETERAN HOUSING LOAN PROGRAM ACCOUNT For the principal amount of direct loans as authorized by subchapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $75,000,000, to remain available until expended. In addition for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct loan program, $5,845,241. GENERAL OPERATING EXPENSES, VETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION For necessary operating expenses of the Veterans Benefits Administration, not otherwise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the Department of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $4,035,000,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000): Provided, That expenses for services and assistance authorized under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of section 3104(a) of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are necessary to enable entitled veterans: (1) to the maximum extent feasible, to become employable and to obtain and maintain suitable employment; or (2) to achieve maximum independence in daily living, shall be charged to this account: Provided further, That, of the funds made available under this heading, not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2026. Veterans health administration MEDICAL SERVICES For necessary expenses for furnishing, as authorized by law, inpatient and outpatient care and treatment to beneficiaries of the Department of Veterans Affairs and veterans described in section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, including care and treatment in facilities not under the jurisdiction of the Department, and including medical supplies and equipment, bioengineering services, food services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, assistance and support services for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan repayments authorized by section 604 of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 ( Public Law 111–163 ; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), monthly assistance allowances authorized by section 322(d) of title 38, United States Code, grants authorized by section 521A of title 38, United States Code, and administrative expenses necessary to carry out sections 322(d) and 521A of title 38, United States Code, and hospital care and medical services authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code; $75,039,000,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (increased by $20,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2025, and shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2025, under this heading, $2,000,000,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) shall remain available until September 30, 2027: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treatment for veterans who have service-connected disabilities, lower income, or have special needs: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall give priority funding for the provision of basic medical benefits to veterans in enrollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Veterans Health Administration facilities to enrolled veterans with privately written prescriptions based on requirements established by the Secretary: Provided further, That the implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no additional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts appropriated under this heading for medical supplies and equipment are available for the acquisition of prosthetics designed specifically for female veterans: Provided further , That nothing in section 2044(e)(1) of title 38, United States Code, may be construed as limiting amounts that may be made available under this heading for fiscal years 2024 and 2025 in this or prior Acts. MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE For necessary expenses for furnishing health care to individuals pursuant to chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non-Department facilities, $34,000,000,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2025, and shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2025, under this heading, $2,000,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027. MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE For necessary expenses in the administration of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domiciliary, construction, supply, and research activities, as authorized by law; administrative expenses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for collecting and recovering amounts owed the Department as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act ( 42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq. ), $12,700,000,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2025, and shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2025, under this heading, $350,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027. MEDICAL FACILITIES For necessary expenses for the maintenance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other necessary facilities of the Veterans Health Administration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project management, real property acquisition and disposition, construction, and renovation of any facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, engineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improving, or providing facilities in the several hospitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, either by contract or by the hire of temporary employees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry services; $9,700,000,000 (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $3,250,000) (reduced by $3,250,000), plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2025, and shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2025, under this heading, $500,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027. MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH For necessary expenses in carrying out programs of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $923,514,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (increased by $20,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), plus reimbursements, shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts appropriated under this heading are available for prosthetic research specifically for female veterans, and for toxic exposure research. National cemetery administration For necessary expenses of the National Cemetery Administration for operations and maintenance, not otherwise provided for, including uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial expenses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial operations; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the jurisdiction of the National Cemetery Administration, $495,000,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2026. Departmental administration GENERAL ADMINISTRATION (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary operating expenses of the Department of Veterans Affairs, not otherwise provided for, including administrative expenses in support of Department-wide capital planning, management and policy activities, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for official reception and representation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $457,000,000 (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $3,500,000) (reduced by $3,500,000) (reduced by $1,000,000), of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be transferred to General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration . BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS For necessary operating expenses of the Board of Veterans Appeals, $267,000,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2026. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses for information technology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental information systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including contractual costs associated with operations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $6,231,680,000 (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000), plus reimbursements: Provided, That $1,686,245,270 (reduced by $2,000,000) shall be for pay and associated costs, of which not to exceed 3 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That $4,544,475,000 shall be for operations and maintenance, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2026, and of which $118,900,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2028, for the purpose of facility activations related to projects funded by the Construction, Major Projects , Construction, Minor Projects , Medical Facilities , National Cemetery Administration , General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefit Administration , and General Administration accounts: Provided further, That $960,000 shall be for information technology systems development, and shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That amounts made available for salaries and expenses, operations and maintenance, and information technology systems development may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Veterans Affairs requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That amounts made available for the Information Technology Systems account for development may be transferred among projects or to newly defined projects: Provided further, That no project may be increased or decreased by more than $3,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a request to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for information technology systems development shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified in the table entitled Information Technology Development Projects under this heading in the report accompanying this Act. VETERANS ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD For activities related to implementation, preparation, development, interface, management, rollout, and maintenance of a Veterans Electronic Health Record system, including contractual costs associated with operations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and salaries and expenses of employees hired under titles 5 and 38, United States Code, $894,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress quarterly reports detailing obligations, expenditures, and deployment implementation by facility, including any changes from the deployment plan or schedule: Provided further, That the funds provided in this account shall only be available to the Office of the Deputy Secretary, to be administered by that Office: Provided further, That 25 percent of the funds made available under this heading shall not be available until July 1, 2025, and are contingent upon the Secretary of Veterans Affairs— (1) providing the Committees on Appropriations a report detailing the status of outstanding issues impacting the stability and usability of the new electronic health record system, including those that contributed to the October 13, 2022, deployment delay, along with a timeline and measurable metrics to resolve issues, no later than 60 days after enactment of this Act; (2) certifying and detailing any changes to the full deployment schedule, no later than 60 days prior to July 1, 2025; and (3) certifying in writing no later than 30 days prior to July 1, 2025, the following— (A) the status of issues included in the report referenced in paragraph (1), including issues that have not been closed but have been suitably resolved or mitigated in a manner that will enhance provider productivity and minimize the potential for patient harm; and (B) whether the system is stable, ready, and optimized for further deployment at VA sites. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, to include information technology, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $296,000,000 (increased by $2,000,000), of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2026. CONSTRUCTION, MAJOR PROJECTS For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, including planning, architectural and engineering services, construction management services, maintenance or guarantee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, where the estimated cost of a project is more than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, or where funds for a project were made available in a previous major project appropriation, $2,069,000,000, of which $1,265,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2029, and of which $803,700,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That except for advance planning activities, including needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and other capital asset management related activities, including portfolio development and management activities, and planning, cost estimating, and design for major medical facility projects and major medical facility leases and investment strategy studies funded through the advance planning fund and the planning and design activities funded through the design fund, staffing expenses, and funds provided for the purchase, security, and maintenance of land for the National Cemetery Administration and the Veterans Health Administration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this heading shall be used for any project that has not been notified to Congress through the budgetary process or that has not been approved by the Congress through statute, joint resolution, or in the explanatory statement accompanying such Act and presented to the President at the time of enrollment: Provided further, That funds provided for the Veterans Health Administration through the land acquisition line item shall only be for projects included on the five year development plan notified to Congress through the budgetary process: Provided further, That such sums as may be necessary shall be available to reimburse the General Administration account for payment of salaries and expenses of all Office of Construction and Facilities Management employees to support the full range of capital infrastructure services provided, including minor construction and leasing services: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for fiscal year 2025, for each approved project shall be obligated: (1) by the awarding of a construction documents contract by September 30, 2025; and (2) by the awarding of a construction contract by September 30, 2026: Provided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any approved major construction project for which obligations are not incurred within the time limitations established above. CONSTRUCTION, MINOR PROJECTS For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including planning and assessments of needs which may lead to capital investments, architectural and engineering services, maintenance or guarantee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, where the estimated cost of a project is equal to or less than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, $380,453,000, of which $342,408,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2029, and of which $38,045,000 shall remain available until expended, along with unobligated balances of previous Construction, Minor Projects appropriations which are hereby made available for any project where the estimated cost is equal to or less than the amount set forth in such section: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be for: (1) repairs to any of the nonmedical facilities under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department which are necessary because of loss or damage caused by any natural disaster or catastrophe; and (2) temporary measures necessary to prevent or to minimize further loss by such causes. GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF STATE EXTENDED CARE FACILITIES For grants to assist States to acquire or construct State nursing home and domiciliary facilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facilities in State homes, for furnishing care to veterans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $156,000,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (reduced by $15,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), to remain available until expended. GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS CEMETERIES For grants to assist States and tribal organizations in establishing, expanding, or improving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $60,000,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), to remain available until expended. COST OF WAR TOXIC EXPOSURES FUND For investment in the delivery of veterans’ health care associated with exposure to environmental hazards, the expenses incident to the delivery of veterans’ health care and benefits associated with exposure to environmental hazards, and medical and other research relating to exposure to environmental hazards, as authorized by section 324 of title 38, United States Code, and in addition to the amounts otherwise available for such purposes in the appropriations provided in this or prior Acts, $22,800,000,000, which shall become available on October 1, 2025, and shall remain available until expended. Administrative provisions (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 201. Any appropriation for fiscal year 2025 for Compensation and Pensions , Readjustment Benefits , and Veterans Insurance and Indemnities may be transferred as necessary to any other of the mentioned appropriations: Provided, That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 202. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2025, in this or any other Act, under the Medical Services , Medical Community Care , Medical Support and Compliance , and Medical Facilities accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided, That any transfers among the Medical Services , Medical Community Care , and Medical Support and Compliance accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount appropriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to notification from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and purpose of the transfer: Provided further, That any transfers among the Medical Services , Medical Community Care , and Medical Support and Compliance accounts in excess of 1 percent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That any transfers to or from the Medical Facilities account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. 203. Appropriations available in this title for salaries and expenses shall be available for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. 204. No appropriations in this title (except the appropriations for Construction, Major Projects , and Construction, Minor Projects ) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the construction of any new hospital or home. 205. No appropriations in this title shall be available for hospitalization or examination of any persons (except beneficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq. )), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the Medical Services account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 206. Appropriations available in this title for Compensation and Pensions , Readjustment Benefits , and Veterans Insurance and Indemnities shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be recorded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2024. 207. Appropriations available in this title shall be available to pay prior year obligations of corresponding prior year appropriations accounts resulting from sections 3328(a), 3334, and 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, except that if such obligations are from trust fund accounts they shall be payable only from Compensation and Pensions . (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 208. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, from the National Service Life Insurance Fund under section 1920 of title 38, United States Code, the Veterans' Special Life Insurance Fund under section 1923 of title 38, United States Code, and the United States Government Life Insurance Fund under section 1955 of title 38, United States Code, reimburse the General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration and Information Technology Systems accounts for the cost of administration of the insurance programs financed through those accounts: Provided, That reimbursement shall be made only from the surplus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2025 that are available for dividends in that program after claims have been paid and actuarially determined reserves have been set aside: Provided further, That if the cost of administration of such an insurance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accumulated in that program, reimbursement shall be made only to the extent of such surplus earnings: Provided further, That the Secretary shall determine the cost of administration for fiscal year 2025 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insurance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that insurance program. 209. Amounts deducted from enhanced-use lease proceeds to reimburse an account for expenses incurred by that account during a prior fiscal year for providing enhanced-use lease services shall be available until expended. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 210. Funds available in this title or funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management, Diversity and Inclusion, the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication, and the Alternative Dispute Resolution function within the Office of Human Resources and Administration for all services provided at rates which will recover actual costs but not to exceed $133,363,000 for the Office of Resolution Management, Diversity and Inclusion, $9,606,581 for the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication, and $7,686,000 for the Alternative Dispute Resolution function within the Office of Human Resources and Administration: Provided, That payments may be made in advance for services to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further, That amounts received shall be credited to the General Administration and Information Technology Systems accounts for use by the office that provided the service. 211. No funds of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall be available for hospital care, nursing home care, or medical services provided to any person under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, for a non-service-connected disability described in section 1729(a)(2) of such title, unless that person has disclosed to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in such form as the Secretary may require, current, accurate third-party reimbursement information for purposes of section 1729 of such title: Provided, That the Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the reasonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such disclosure as required: Provided further, That any amounts so recovered for care or services provided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 212. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, proceeds or revenues derived from enhanced-use leasing activities (including disposal) may be deposited into the Construction, Major Projects and Construction, Minor Projects accounts and be used for construction (including site acquisition and disposition), alterations, and improvements of any medical facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such sums as realized are in addition to the amount provided for in Construction, Major Projects and Construction, Minor Projects . 213. Amounts made available under Medical Services are available— (1) for furnishing recreational facilities, supplies, and equipment; and (2) for funeral expenses, burial expenses, and other expenses incidental to funerals and burials for beneficiaries receiving care in the Department. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 214. Such sums as may be deposited into the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the Medical Services and Medical Community Care accounts to remain available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. 215. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into agreements with Federally Qualified Health Centers in the State of Alaska and Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations which are party to the Alaska Native Health Compact with the Indian Health Service, to provide healthcare, including behavioral health and dental care, to veterans in rural Alaska. The Secretary shall require participating veterans and facilities to comply with all appropriate rules and regulations, as established by the Secretary. The term rural Alaska shall mean those lands which are not within the boundaries of the municipality of Anchorage or the Fairbanks North Star Borough. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 216. Such sums as may be deposited into the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the Construction, Major Projects and Construction, Minor Projects accounts, to remain available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. 217. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report on the financial status of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the preceding quarter: Provided, That, at a minimum, the report shall include the direction contained in the paragraph entitled Quarterly reporting , under the heading General Administration in the joint explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–223 . (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 218. Amounts made available under the Medical Services , Medical Community Care , Medical Support and Compliance , Medical Facilities , General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration , Board of Veterans Appeals , General Administration , and National Cemetery Administration accounts for fiscal year 2025 may be transferred to or from the Information Technology Systems account: Provided, That such transfers may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the Information Technology Systems account: Provided further, That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 219. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2025 for Medical Services , Medical Community Care , Medical Support and Compliance , Medical Facilities , Construction, Minor Projects , and Information Technology Systems , up to $594,828,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( Public Law 111–84 ; 123 Stat. 2571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 ( Public Law 110–417 ; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That section 220 of title II of division A of Public Law 118–42 is repealed. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 220. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2025, for Medical Services , Medical Community Care , Medical Support and Compliance , and Medical Facilities , up to $664,625,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( Public Law 111–84 ; 123 Stat. 2571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 ( Public Law 110–417 ; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 221. Such sums as may be deposited into the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, for healthcare provided at facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 ( Public Law 110–417 ; 122 Stat. 4500) shall also be available: (1) for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( Public Law 111–84 ; 123 Stat. 2571); and (2) for operations of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 ( Public Law 110–417 ; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That, notwithstanding section 1704(b)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( Public Law 111–84 ; 123 Stat. 2573), amounts transferred to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund shall remain available until expended. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 222. Of the amounts available in this title for Medical Services , Medical Community Care , Medical Support and Compliance , and Medical Facilities , a minimum of $15,000,000 shall be transferred to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund, as authorized by section 8111(d) of title 38, United States Code, to remain available until expended, for any purpose authorized by section 8111 of title 38, United States Code. 223. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings in a major construction project that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, whichever is less: Provided, That such notification shall occur within 14 days of a contract identifying the programmed amount: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 14 days prior to the obligation of such bid savings and shall describe the anticipated use of such savings. 224. None of the funds made available for Construction, Major Projects may be used for a project in excess of the scope specified for that project in the original justification data provided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 225. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a quarterly report containing performance measures and data from each Veterans Benefits Administration Regional Office: Provided, That, at a minimum, the report shall include the direction contained in the section entitled Disability claims backlog , under the heading General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration in the joint explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–223 : Provided further, That the report shall also include information on the number of appeals pending at the Veterans Benefits Administration as well as the Board of Veterans Appeals on a quarterly basis. 226. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide written notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 15 days prior to organizational changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more full-time equivalents from one organizational unit of the Department of Veterans Affairs to another. 227. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national outreach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $1,000,000. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 228. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, upon determination that such action is necessary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the Medical Services account any discretionary appropriations made available for fiscal year 2025 in this title (except appropriations made to the General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration account) or any discretionary unobligated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appropriated for fiscal year 2025, that were provided in advance by appropriations Acts: Provided, That transfers shall be made only with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided further, That, upon determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appropriation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropriation and shall be available for the same purposes as originally appropriated: Provided further, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that request. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 229. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2025, under the Board of Veterans Appeals and the General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that request. 230. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not reprogram funds among major construction projects or programs if such instance of reprogramming will exceed $7,000,000, unless such reprogramming is approved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 231. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the toll-free suicide hotline under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code— (1) provides to individuals who contact the hotline immediate assistance from a trained professional; and (2) adheres to all requirements of the American Association of Suicidology. (b) (1) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce or otherwise carry out any Executive action that prohibits the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from appointing an individual to occupy a vacant civil service position, or establishing a new civil service position, at the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to such a position relating to the hotline specified in subsection (a). (2) In this subsection— (A) the term civil service has the meaning given such term in section 2101(1) of title 5, United States Code; and (B) the term Executive action includes— (i) any Executive order, Presidential memorandum, or other action by the President; and (ii) any agency policy, order, or other directive. (c) (1) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall conduct a study on the effectiveness of the hotline specified in subsection (a) during the 5-year period beginning on January 1, 2016, based on an analysis of national suicide data and data collected from such hotline. (2) At a minimum, the study required by paragraph (1) shall— (A) determine the number of veterans who contact the hotline specified in subsection (a) and who receive follow up services from the hotline or mental health services from the Department of Veterans Affairs thereafter; (B) determine the number of veterans who contact the hotline who are not referred to, or do not continue receiving, mental health care who commit suicide; and (C) determine the number of veterans described in subparagraph (A) who commit or attempt suicide. 232. Effective during the period beginning on October 1, 2018, and ending on January 1, 2026, none of the funds made available to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended in contravention of the Veterans Health Administration Clinical Preventive Services Guidance Statement on the Veterans Health Administration’s Screening for Breast Cancer Guidance published on May 10, 2017, as issued by the Veterans Health Administration National Center for Health Promotion and Disease Prevention. 233. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs for the Medical Services account may be used to provide— (1) fertility counseling and treatment using assisted reproductive technology to a covered veteran or the spouse of a covered veteran; or (2) adoption reimbursement to a covered veteran. (b) In this section: (1) The term service-connected has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term covered veteran means a veteran, as such term is defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code, who has a service-connected disability that results in the inability of the veteran to procreate without the use of fertility treatment. (3) The term assisted reproductive technology means benefits relating to reproductive assistance provided to a member of the Armed Forces who incurs a serious injury or illness on active duty pursuant to section 1074(c)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, as described in the memorandum on the subject of Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such policy, including any limitations on the amount of such benefits available to such a member except that— (A) the time periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (B) such term includes embryo cryopreservation and storage without limitation on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. (4) The term adoption reimbursement means reimbursement for the adoption-related expenses for an adoption that is finalized after the date of the enactment of this Act under the same terms as apply under the adoption reimbursement program of the Department of Defense, as authorized in Department of Defense Instruction 1341.09, including the reimbursement limits and requirements set forth in such instruction. (c) Amounts made available for the purposes specified in subsection (a) of this section are subject to the requirements for funds contained in section 508 of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 ( Public Law 115–141 ). 234. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used in a manner that is inconsistent with: (1) section 842 of the Transportation, Treasury, Housing and Urban Development, the Judiciary, the District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 ( Public Law 109–115 ; 119 Stat. 2506); or (2) section 8110(a)(5) of title 38, United States Code. 235. Section 842 of Public Law 109–115 shall not apply to conversion of an activity or function of the Veterans Health Administration, Veterans Benefits Administration, or National Cemetery Administration to contractor performance by a business concern that is at least 51 percent owned by one or more Indian Tribes as defined in section 5304(e) of title 25, United States Code, or one or more Native Hawaiian Organizations as defined in section 637(a)(15) of title 15, United States Code. 236. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Labor, shall discontinue using Social Security account numbers to authenticate individuals in all information systems of the Department of Veterans Affairs for all individuals not later than September 30, 2024: (b) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may collect and use a Social Security account number to identify an individual, in accordance with section 552a of title 5, United States Code, in an information system of the Department of Veterans Affairs if and only if the use of such number is necessary to: (1) obtain or provide information the Secretary requires from an information system that is not under the jurisdiction of the Secretary; (2) comply with a law, regulation, or court order; (3) perform anti-fraud activities; or (4) identify a specific individual where no adequate substitute is available. (c) The matter in subsections (a) and (b) shall supersede section 237 of division J of Public Law 117–328 . 237. For funds provided to the Department of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2025 and 2026 for Medical Services , section 239 of division A of Public Law 114–223 shall apply. 238. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior appropriations Acts or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used to transfer any amounts from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account within the Department of Veterans Affairs. 239. Of the funds provided to the Department of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2025 and fiscal year 2026 for Medical Services , funds may be used in each year to carry out and expand the child care program authorized by section 205 of Public Law 111–163 , notwithstanding subsection (e) of such section. 240. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this title may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement related to resolving a dispute or claim with an individual that would restrict in any way the individual from speaking to members of Congress or their staff on any topic not otherwise prohibited from disclosure by Federal law or required by Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs. 241. For funds provided to the Department of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2025 and 2026, section 258 of division A of Public Law 114–223 shall apply. 242. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede the access of the Inspector General to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to such Inspector General and expressly limits the right of access. (b) A department or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General access to all records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. (c) Each Inspector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure relevant to the information provided by the establishment over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives within 5 calendar days of any failure by any department or agency covered by this section to comply with this requirement. 243. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in a manner that would increase wait times for veterans who seek care at medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 244. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to the Veterans Health Administration may be used in fiscal year 2025 to convert any program which received specific purpose funds in fiscal year 2024 to a general purpose funded program unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits written notification of any such proposal to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to any such action and an approval is issued by the Committees. 245. For funds provided to the Department of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2025 and 2026, section 248 of division A of Public Law 114–223 shall apply. 246. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to conduct research commencing on or after March 9, 2024, that uses any canine, feline, or non-human primate unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs approves such research specifically and in writing pursuant to subsection (b). (b) (1) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may approve the conduct of research commencing on or after March 9, 2024, using canines, felines, or non-human primates if the Secretary certifies that— (A) the scientific objectives of the research can only be met by using such canines, felines, or non-human primates and cannot be met using other animal models, in vitro models, computational models, human clinical studies, or other research alternatives; (B) such scientific objectives are necessary to advance research benefiting veterans and are directly related to an illness or injury that is combat-related as defined by 10 U.S.C. 1413(e) ; (C) the research is consistent with the revised Department of Veterans Affairs canine research policy document dated December 15, 2017, including any subsequent revisions to such document; and (D) ethical considerations regarding minimizing the harm experienced by canines, felines, or non-human primates are included in evaluating the scientific necessity of the research. (2) The Secretary may not delegate the authority under this subsection. (c) If the Secretary approves any new research pursuant to subsection (b), not later than 30 days before the commencement of such research, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives a report describing— (1) the nature of the research to be conducted using canines, felines, or nun-human primates; (2) the date on which the Secretary approved the research; (3) the USDA pain category on the approved use; (4) the justification for the determination of the Secretary that the scientific objectives of such research could only be met using canines, felines, or nun-human primates, and methods used to make such determination; (5) the frequency and duration of such research; and (6) the protocols in place to ensure the necessity, safety, and efficacy of the research, and animal welfare. (d) Not later than September 9, 2024, and biannually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to such Committees a report describing— (1) any research being conducted by the Department of Veterans Affairs using canines, felines, or non-human primates as of the date of the submittal of the report; (2) the circumstances under which such research was conducted using canines, felines, or non-human primates; (3) the justification for using canines, felines, or non-human primates to conduct such research; (4) the protocols in place to ensure the necessity, safety, and efficacy of such research; and (5) the development and adoption of alternatives to canines, felines, or non-human primates research. (e) Not later than September 9, 2024, and annually thereafter, the Department of Veterans Affairs must submit to voluntary U.S. Department of Agriculture inspections of canine, feline, and non-human primate research facilities. (f) Not later than September 9, 2024, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to such Committees a report describing— (1) any violations of the Animal Welfare Act, the Public Health Service Policy on Humane Care and Use of Laboratory Animals, or other Department of Veterans Affairs policies related to oversight of animal research found during that quarter in VA research facilities; (2) immediate corrective actions taken; and (3) specific actions taken to prevent their recurrence. (g) The Department shall implement a plan under which the Secretary will eliminate the research conducted using canines, felines, or non-human primates by not later than March 9, 2026. 247. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may use amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this title to ensure that the ratio of veterans to full-time employment equivalents within any program of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, does not exceed 125 veterans to one full-time employment equivalent. (b) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the programs of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, including— (1) an assessment of the veteran-to-staff ratio for each such program; and (2) recommendations for such action as the Secretary considers necessary to reduce the veteran-to-staff ratio for each such program. 248. Amounts made available for the Veterans Health Administration, Medical Community Care account in this or any other Act for fiscal years 2025 and 2026 may be used for expenses that would otherwise be payable from the Veterans Choice Fund established by section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act, as amended ( 38 U.S.C. 1701 note). 249. Obligations and expenditures applicable to the Medical Services account in fiscal years 2017 through 2019 for aid to state homes (as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code) shall remain in the Medical Community Care account for such fiscal years. 250. Of the amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2025, in this or any other Act, under the Veterans Health Administration—Medical Services , Veterans Health Administration—Medical Community Care , Veterans Health Administration—Medical Support and Compliance , and Veterans Health Administration—Medical Facilities accounts, $1,323,444,000 shall be made available for gender-specific care and programmatic efforts to deliver care for women veterans. 251. Notwithstanding any other law, unless prevented by an order issued by a federal or state court, by no later than September 30, 2025, the Secretary shall commence construction of the Community Based Outpatient Clinic in Bakersfield, California authorized in section 1(a)(3) of Public Law 111–82 and in accordance with Lease No. 36C10F20L0008 or successor lease. 252. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a quarterly report on the status of the Veterans Medical Care and Health Fund , established to execute section 8002 of the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ( Public Law 117–2 ): Provided, That, at a minimum, the report shall include an update on obligations by program, project or activity and a plan for expending the remaining funds. 253. Any amounts transferred to the Secretary and administered by a corporation referred to in section 7364(b) of title 38, United States Code, between October 1, 2018 and September 30, 2019 for purposes of carrying out an order placed with the Department of Veterans Affairs pursuant to section 1535 of title 31, United States Code, that are available for obligation pursuant to section 7364(b)(1) of title 38, United States Code, are to remain available for the liquidation of valid obligations incurred by such corporation during the period of performance of such order, provided that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines that such amounts need to remain available for such liquidation. 254. Unobligated balances available under the headings Construction, Major Projects and Construction, Minor Projects may be obligated by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for a facility pursuant to section 2(e)(1) of the Communities Helping Invest through Property and Improvements Needed for Veterans Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–294 ; 38 U.S.C. 8103 note), as amended, to provide additional funds or to fund an escalation clause under such section of such Act: Provided, That before such unobligated balances are obligated pursuant to this section, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to obligate such unobligated balances and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Provided further, That the request to obligate such unobligated balances must provide Congress notice that the entity described in section 2(a)(2) of Public Law 114–294 , as amended, has exhausted available cost containment approaches as set forth in the agreement under section 2(c) of such Public Law. 255. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to implement, administer, or otherwise carry out the Department of Veterans Affairs interim final rule published on September 9, 2022, or any successor to such rule, or to propose, promulgate, or implement any substantially similar rule or policy. (b) None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be expended for any abortion, including through a medical benefits package or health benefits program that includes coverage of abortion. (c) The limitations established in subsection (b) shall not apply to an abortion— (1) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (2) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed. 256. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for surgical procedures or hormone therapies for the purposes of gender affirming care. 257. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to fly or display a flag over a facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs or a national cemetery other than the flag of the United States, the flag of a State, Territory, or District of Columbia, the flag of an Indian Tribal government, the flag of the Department, the flag of an Armed Force, or the POW/MIA flag. 258. During the period beginning on October 1, 2024 and ending on September 30, 2025, none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce the final rule issued by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to Change in Rates VA Pays for Special Modes of Transportation (88 Fed. Reg. 10032) and published on February 16, 2023. 259. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out VHA Directive 1193.01, Coronavirus Disease 2019 Vaccination Program for Veterans Health Administration Health Care Personnel . 260. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide any services to any individual unlawfully present in the United States who is not eligible for health care under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 261. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under section 5502 of title 38, United States Code, in any case arising out of the administration by the Secretary of laws and benefits under such title, to report a person who is deemed mentally incapacitated, mentally incompetent, or to be experiencing an extended loss of consciousness as a person who has been adjudicated as a mental defective under subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code, without the order or finding a judge, magistrate, or other judicial authority of competent jurisdiction that such person is a danger to himself or herself or others. III RELATED AGENCIES American battle monuments commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign countries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of national cemeteries and monuments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign countries; purchase (one-for-one replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $15,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when required by law of such countries, $90,020,000, to remain available until expended. FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. United states court of appeals for veterans claims SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses for the operation of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $47,200,000: Provided, That $3,800,000 shall be available for the purpose of providing financial assistance as described and in accordance with the process and reporting procedures set forth under this heading in Public Law 102–229 . Department of defense—Civil Cemeterial expenses, army SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses for maintenance, operation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home National Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor vehicles for replacement on a one-for-one basis only, and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $105,514,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027. In addition, such sums as may be necessary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for Defense Agencies account. CONSTRUCTION For necessary expenses for planning and design and construction at Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers' and Airmen's Home National Cemetery, $42,000,000, to remain available until expended for planning and design and construction associated with the Southern Expansion project at Arlington National Cemetery. Armed forces retirement home TRUST FUND For expenses necessary for the Armed Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $69,520,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $25,000,000 shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund. MAJOR CONSTRUCTION For expenses necessary to support efforts to complete the renovation of the Sheridan Building at the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, $31,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund. Administrative provision 301. Amounts deposited into the special account established under 10 U.S.C. 7727 are appropriated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Military Cemeteries. IV GENERAL PROVISIONS 401. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. 402. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Federal entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or activity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of private property rights, or unfunded mandates. 403. All departments and agencies funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authorities and funding, to expand their use of E-Commerce technologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. 404. Unless stated otherwise, all reports and notifications required by this Act shall be submitted to the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 405. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. 406. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for a project or program named for an individual serving as a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the United States House of Representatives. 407. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises national security; or (2) the report contains confidential or proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 30days. 408. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 409. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by an agency of the executive branch to pay for first-class travel by an employee of the agency in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 410. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to execute a contract for goods or services, including construction services, where the contractor has not complied with Executive Order No. 12989. 411. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 101(e)(8) of title 10, United States Code. 412. (a) In general None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Station, Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. 413. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matter pending before Congress, other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913 . 414. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009), Executive Order 14035 of June 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34593), or Executive Order 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825). 415. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any program, project, or activity that promotes or advances Critical Race Theory or any concept associated with Critical Race Theory. 416. (a) In general Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) Discriminatory action defined.—As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) Accreditation; Licensure; Certification.—The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). 417. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for any office, programs, or activity for the purposes of diversity, equity, and inclusion training or implementation. 418. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce COVID-19 mask mandates. 419. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce Executive Order No. 14057 of December 8, 2021. 420. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to implement any of the following executive orders: (1) Executive Order No. 13990, relating to Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science To Tackle the Climate Crisis. (2) Executive Order No. 14008, relating to Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad. (3) Section 6 of Executive Order No. 14013, relating to Rebuilding and Enhancing Programs To Resettle Refugees and Planning for the Impact of Climate Change on Migration. (4) Executive Order No. 14030, relating to Climate-Related Financial Risk. (5) Executive Order No. 14057, relating to Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs Through Federal Sustainability. (6) Executive Order No. 14082, relating to Implementation of the Energy and Infrastructure Provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. (7) Executive Order No. 14096, relating to Revitalizing Our Nation's Commitment to Environmental Justice for All. 421. (a) In general None of the funds appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for Fiscal Year 2025 for the Department of Veterans Affairs may be obligated or expended to procure or purchase computers, printers, software, or hardware needed for an office environment in which the manufacturer, bidder, or offeror, or any subsidy or parent company of an entity— (1) in which the People’s Republic of China has any ownership stake; or (2) that contributes to the defense industry of the Chinese Communist Party. (b) APPLICABILITY TO THIRD PARTIES.— The prohibition in subsection (a) also applies in cases in which the Secretary has contracted with a third party for the procurement, purchase, or expenditure of funds on any of the equipment and software described in such subsection. 422. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay to an individual employed in a Senior Executive Service position (as such term is defined in section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code) at the Department of Veterans Affairs a critical skills incentive under section 706(d) of title 38, United States Code. SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT 423. $0. 424. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ban or remove the photograph V-J Day in Times Square . 425. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Veterans Affairs to decommission mileage reimbursement kiosks. 426. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enforce the provision included in Chapter 1.8 of the VHA Office of Community Care, Field Guidebook: Specialty Programs to make wait time and drive time access standards only applicable to primary care, specialty care, and non-institutional extended care services. 427. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to report a determination under section 5502 of title 38, United States Code, and section 3.353 of title 38 of the Code of Federal Regulations, to the Department of Justice National Instant Criminal Background Check System established pursuant to section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act ( 34 U.S.C. 40901 ). 428. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs in this Act may be used to enforce Veterans Health Directive 1315 as it relates to— (1) the policy stating that VHA providers are prohibited from completing forms or registering Veterans for participation in a State-approved marijuana program ; (2) the directive for the Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Operations and Management to ensure that medical facility Directors are aware that it is VHA policy for providers to assess Veteran use of marijuana but providers are prohibited from recommending, making referrals to or completing paperwork for Veteran participation in State marijuana programs ; and (3) the directive for the VA Medical Facility Director to ensure that VA facility staff are aware of the following the prohibition on recommending, making referrals to or completing forms and registering Veterans for participation in State-approved marijuana programs . 429. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to modify or remove any display of the Department of Veterans Affairs that bears the mission statement To fulfill President Lincoln’s promise to care for him who shall have borne the battle, and for his widow, and his orphan’ by serving and honoring the men and women who are America’s veterans. 430. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Department of Veterans Affairs to process medical claims for the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Health Service Corps at the Department of Homeland Security. This Act may be cited as the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 . Passed the House of Representatives June 5, 2024. Kevin F. McCumber, Clerk. September 12, 2024 Read twice and placed on the calendar

118 HR 8708 IH: Eliminate DEI in Colleges Act U.S. House of Representatives 2024-06-12 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 8708 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 12, 2024 Mr. Bilirakis (for himself, Ms. Lee of Florida , and Mr. Baird ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce A BILL To prohibit Federal funding for institutions of higher education that carry out diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Eliminate DEI in Colleges Act . 2. Prohibition on Federal funding for institutions of higher education that carry out diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives Part B of title I of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1011 et seq. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: 124. Prohibition on diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives (a) Restriction on eligibility Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no institution of higher education shall be eligible to receive funds or any other form of financial assistance under any Federal program, including participation in any federally funded or guaranteed student loan program, unless the institution certifies to the Secretary that the institution— (1) does not and will not carry out any program, project, initiative, or other activity the primary purpose of which is to advocate, promote, or otherwise support diversity, equity, and inclusion; and (2) does not and will not maintain any office or other entity within the institution to advocate, promote, or otherwise support diversity, equity, and inclusion. (b) Information availability Each institution of higher education that provides the certification required by subsection (a) shall, upon request, make available to the Secretary any information needed by the Secretary to verify the truth and accuracy of the certification. (c) Regulations The Secretary shall publish regulations to implement and enforce the provisions of this section. (d) Appeals Upon determination by the Secretary to terminate financial assistance to any institution of higher education under this section, the institution may file an appeal with an administrative law judge before the expiration of the 30-day period beginning on the date such institution is notified of the decision to terminate financial assistance under this section. Such judge shall hold a hearing with respect to such termination of assistance before the expiration of the 45-day period beginning on the date that such appeal is filed. Such judge may extend such 45-day period upon a motion by the institution concerned. The decision of the judge with respect to such termination shall be considered to be a final agency action. (e) Definition In this section, the term diversity, equity, and inclusion means the concept according to which individuals are— (1) classified on basis of race, color, sex, national origin, gender identity, or sexual orientation; and (2) afforded differential or preferential treatment basis of such classification. .

118 HR 8752 EH: Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2025 U.S. House of Representatives text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 8752 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES AN ACT Making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes, namely: I DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT, INTELLIGENCE, SITUATIONAL AWARENESS, AND OVERSIGHT Office of the secretary and executive management OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary and for executive management for operations and support, $281,358,000 (reduced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $1,650,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000), of which $22,151,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That $5,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary submits, to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, responses to all questions for the record for each hearing on the fiscal year 2026 budget submission for the Department of Homeland Security held by such Committees prior to July 1: Provided further, That not to exceed $30,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. Management directorate OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Management Directorate for operations and support, $1,637,290,000 (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $15,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $18,168,000): Provided, That not to exceed $2,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Management Directorate for procurement, construction, and improvements, $54,337,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2027. FEDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE The revenues and collections of security fees credited to this account shall be available until expended for necessary expenses related to the protection of federally owned and leased buildings and for the operations of the Federal Protective Service. Intelligence, analysis, and situational awareness OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis and the Office of Homeland Security Situational Awareness for operations and support, $345,360,000, of which $105,701,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That not to exceed $2,000,000 is available for facility needs associated with secure space at fusion centers, including improvements to buildings: Provided further , That not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. Office of inspector general OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General for operations and support, $225,294,000: Provided, That not to exceed $300,000 may be used for certain confidential operational expenses, including the payment of informants, to be expended at the direction of the Inspector General. Administrative provisions 101. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report not later than October 15, 2025, to the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security listing all grants and contracts awarded by any means other than full and open competition during fiscal years 2024 or 2025. (b) The Inspector General shall review the report required by subsection (a) to assess departmental compliance with applicable laws and regulations and report the results of that review to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than February 15, 2026. 102. Not later than 30 days after the last day of each month, the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a monthly budget and staffing report that includes total obligations of the Department for that month and for the fiscal year at the appropriation and program, project, and activity levels, by the source year of the appropriation. 103. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate of any proposed transfers of funds available under section 9705(g)(4)(B) of title 31, United States Code, from the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund to any agency within the Department of Homeland Security. (b) None of the funds identified for such a transfer may be obligated until the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified of the proposed transfer. 104. All official costs associated with the use of Government aircraft by Department of Homeland Security personnel to support official travel of the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary shall be paid from amounts made available for the Office of the Secretary. 105. (a) The Under Secretary for Management shall brief the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter on all Level 1 and Level 2 acquisition programs on the Master Acquisition Oversight list between Acquisition Decision Event and Full Operational Capability, including programs that have been removed from such list during the preceding quarter. (b) For each such program, the briefing described in subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the purpose of the program, including the capabilities being acquired and the component(s) sponsoring the acquisition; (2) the total number of units, as appropriate, to be acquired annually until procurement is complete under the current acquisition program baseline; (3) the Acquisition Review Board status, including— (A) the current acquisition phase by increment, as applicable; (B) the date of the most recent review; and (C) whether the program has been paused or is in breach status; (4) a comparison between the initial Department-approved acquisition program baseline cost, schedule, and performance thresholds and objectives and the program's current such thresholds and objectives, if applicable; (5) the lifecycle cost estimate, adjusted for comparison to the Future Years Homeland Security Program, including— (A) the confidence level for the estimate; (B) the fiscal years included in the estimate; (C) a breakout of the estimate for the prior five years, the current year, and the budget year; (D) a breakout of the estimate by appropriation account or other funding source; and (E) a description of and rationale for any changes to the estimate as compared to the previously approved baseline, as applicable, and during the prior fiscal year; (6) a summary of the findings of any independent verification and validation of the items to be acquired or an explanation for why no such verification and validation has been performed; (7) a table displaying the obligation of all program funds by prior fiscal year, the estimated obligation of funds for the current fiscal year, and an estimate for the planned carryover of funds into the subsequent fiscal year; (8) a listing of prime contractors and major subcontractors; and (9) narrative descriptions of risks to cost, schedule, or performance that could result in a program breach if not successfully mitigated. (c) The Under Secretary for Management shall submit each approved Acquisition Decision Memorandum for programs described in this section to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than five business days after the date of approval of such memorandum by the Under Secretary for Management or the designee of the Under Secretary for Management. 106. (a) None of the funds made available to the Department of Homeland Security in this Act or prior appropriations Acts may be obligated for any new pilot or demonstration unless the component or office carrying out such pilot or demonstration has documented the information described in subsection (c). (b) Prior to the obligation of any such funds made available for Operations and Support for a new pilot or demonstration, the Under Secretary for Management shall provide a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the information described in subsection (c). (c) The information required under subsections (a) and (b) for a pilot or demonstration shall include the following— (1) documented objectives that are well-defined and measurable; (2) an assessment methodology that details— (A) the type and source of assessment data; (B) the methods for, and frequency of, collecting such data; and (C) how such data will be analyzed; and (3) an implementation plan, including milestones, cost estimates, and implementation schedules, including a projected end date. (d) Not later than 90 days after the date of completion of a pilot or demonstration described in subsection (e), the Under Secretary for Management shall provide a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing lessons learned, actual costs, any planned expansion or continuation of the pilot or demonstration, and any planned transition of such pilot or demonstration into an enduring program or operation. (e) For the purposes of this section, a pilot or demonstration program is a study, demonstration, experimental program, or trial that— (1) is a small-scale, short-term experiment conducted in order to evaluate feasibility, duration, costs, or adverse events, and improve upon the design of an effort prior to implementation of a larger scale effort; and (2) uses more than 10 full-time equivalents or obligates, or proposes to obligate, $5,000,000 or more, but does not include congressionally directed programs or enhancements and does not include programs that were in operation as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) For the purposes of this section, a pilot or demonstration does not include any testing, evaluation, or initial deployment phase executed under a procurement contract for the acquisition of information technology services or systems, or any pilot or demonstration carried out by a non-Federal recipient under any financial assistance agreement funded by the Department. II SECURITY, ENFORCEMENT, AND INVESTIGATIONS U.S. customs and border protection OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for operations and support, including the transportation of unaccompanied alien minors; the provision of air and marine support to Federal, State, local, and international agencies in the enforcement or administration of laws enforced by the Department of Homeland Security; at the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the provision of such support to Federal, State, and local agencies in other law enforcement and emergency humanitarian efforts; the purchase and lease of up to 7,500 (6,500 for replacement only) police-type vehicles; the purchase, maintenance, or operation of marine vessels, aircraft, and unmanned aerial systems; and contracting with individuals for personal services abroad; $16,566,247,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000); of which $3,274,000 shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for administrative expenses related to the collection of the Harbor Maintenance Fee pursuant to section 9505(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ( 26 U.S.C. 9505(c)(3) ) and notwithstanding section 1511(e)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 551(e)(1) ); of which $550,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026; and of which such sums as become available in the Customs User Fee Account, except sums subject to section 13031(f)(3) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( 19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(3) ), shall be derived from that account: Provided, That not to exceed $34,425 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $150,000 shall be available for payment for rental space in connection with preclearance operations: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,500,000 may be transferred to the Bureau of Indian Affairs for the maintenance and repair of roads on Native American reservations used by the U.S. Border Patrol. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for procurement, construction, and improvements, including procurement of marine vessels, aircraft, and unmanned aerial systems, $1,390,338,000 (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), of which $766,684,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027, and of which $623,654,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2029. U.S. immigration and customs enforcement OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for operations and support, including the purchase and lease of up to 3,790 (2,350 for replacement only) police-type vehicles; overseas vetted units; and maintenance, minor construction, and minor leasehold improvements at owned and leased facilities; $10,497,243,000 (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000); of which not less than $6,000,000 (increased by $4,000,000) shall remain available until expended for efforts to enforce laws against forced child labor; of which $46,696,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026; of which not less than $2,000,000 (increased by $2,000,000) is for paid apprenticeships for participants in the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative Child-Rescue Corps; of which not less than $15,000,000 shall be available for investigation of intellectual property rights violations, including operation of the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center; and of which not less than $5,900,389,000 shall be for enforcement, detention, and removal operations, including transportation of unaccompanied alien minors, of which not less than $3,081,725,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That not to exceed $11,475 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $10,000,000 shall be available until expended for conducting special operations under section 3131 of the Customs Enforcement Act of 1986 ( 19 U.S.C. 2081 ): Provided further, That not to exceed $2,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security: Provided further, That not to exceed $11,216,000 shall be available to fund or reimburse other Federal agencies for the costs associated with the care, maintenance, and repatriation of smuggled aliens unlawfully present in the United States: Provided further , That not less than $2,000,000 shall be for entering into new agreements for the delegation of law enforcement authority provided by section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act: Provided further , That funding made available under this heading shall maintain a level of not less than 50,000 detention beds. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for procurement, construction, and improvements, $19,548,000, of which $6,548,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027, and of which $13,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2029. Transportation security administration OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration for operations and support, $10,817,225,000 (increased by $50,000,000) (reduced by $50,000,000), of which $300,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That not to exceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That security service fees authorized under section 44940 of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections and shall be available only for aviation security: Provided further, That the sum appropriated under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2025 so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $7,957,225,000. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration for procurement, construction, and improvements, $198,428,000 (reduced by $35,000,000) (increased by $35,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2027. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration for research and development, $17,990,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. Coast guard OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard for operations and support including the Coast Guard Reserve; purchase or lease of not to exceed 25 passenger motor vehicles, which shall be for replacement only; purchase or lease of small boats for contingent and emergent requirements (at a unit cost of not more than $700,000) and repairs and service-life replacements, not to exceed a total of $31,000,000; purchase, lease, or improvements of boats necessary for overseas deployments and activities; payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 ( 42 U.S.C. 402 note; 96 Stat. 1920); and recreation and welfare; $10,554,261,000 (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $1,650,000), of which $530,000,000 shall be for defense-related activities; of which $24,500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 ( 33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5) ); of which $20,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027; of which $24,359,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2029, for environmental compliance and restoration; and of which $100,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, which shall only be available for vessel depot level maintenance: Provided, That not to exceed $23,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard for procurement, construction, and improvements, including aids to navigation, shore facilities (including facilities at Department of Defense installations used by the Coast Guard), and vessels and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, $2,128,500,000 (increased by $20,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2029; of which $20,000,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 ( 33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5) ). RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard for research and development; and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment; $6,763,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027, of which $500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 ( 33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5) ): Provided, That there may be credited to and used for the purposes of this appropriation funds received from State and local governments, other public authorities, private sources, and foreign countries for expenses incurred for research, development, testing, and evaluation. RETIRED PAY For retired pay, including the payment of obligations otherwise chargeable to lapsed appropriations for this purpose, payments under the Retired Serviceman's Family Protection and Survivor Benefits Plans, payment for career status bonuses, payment of continuation pay under section 356 of title 37, United States Code, concurrent receipts, combat-related special compensation, and payments for medical care of retired personnel and their dependents under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, $1,210,840,000, to remain available until expended. United states secret service OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for operations and support, including purchase of not to exceed 652 vehicles for police-type use; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of motorcycles made in the United States; hire of aircraft; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia; fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government ownership or control, as may be necessary to perform protective functions; conduct of and participation in firearms matches; presentation of awards; conduct of behavioral research in support of protective intelligence and operations; payment in advance for commercial accommodations as may be necessary to perform protective functions; and payment, without regard to section 5702 of title 5, United States Code, of subsistence expenses of employees who are on protective missions, whether at or away from their duty stations; $3,017,524,000 (increased by $2,000,000); of which $80,041,000 (increased by $2,000,000) shall remain available until September 30, 2026, and of which $6,000,000 (increased by $2,000,000) shall be for a grant for activities related to investigations of missing and exploited children; and of which up to $24,000,000 may be for calendar year 2024 premium pay in excess of the annual equivalent of the limitation on the rate of pay contained in section 5547(a) of title 5, United States Code, pursuant to section 2 of the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 ( 5 U.S.C. 5547 note), as last amended by Public Law 118–38 : Provided, That not to exceed $19,125 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $100,000 shall be to provide technical assistance and equipment to foreign law enforcement organizations in criminal investigations within the jurisdiction of the United States Secret Service. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for procurement, construction, and improvements, $138,336,000, of which $53,436,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027, and of which $84,900,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2029. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for research and development, $2,250,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. Administrative provisions 201. Section 201 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2018 (division F of Public Law 115–141 ), related to overtime compensation limitations, shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act, except that fiscal year 2025 shall be substituted for fiscal year 2018 . 202. Funding made available under the headings U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Operations and Support and U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements shall be available for customs expenses when necessary to maintain operations and prevent adverse personnel actions in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, in addition to funding provided by sections 740 and 1406i of title 48, United States Code. 203. As authorized by section 601(b) of the United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act ( Public Law 112–42 ), fees collected from passengers arriving from Canada, Mexico, or an adjacent island pursuant to section 13031(a)(5) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( 19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(5) ) shall be available until expended. 204. (a) For an additional amount for U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Operations and Support , $31,000,000, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected and credited to this appropriation in fiscal year 2025 from amounts authorized to be collected by section 286(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1356(i) ), section 10412 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 ( 7 U.S.C. 8311 ), and section 817 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 ( Public Law 114–125 ), or other such authorizing language. (b) To the extent that amounts realized from such collections exceed $31,000,000, those amounts in excess of $31,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation, to remain available until expended. 205. None of the funds made available in this Act for U.S. Customs and Border Protection may be used to prevent an individual not in the business of importing a prescription drug (within the meaning of section 801(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act) from importing a prescription drug from Canada that complies with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act: Provided, That this section shall apply only to individuals transporting on their person a personal-use quantity of the prescription drug, not to exceed a 90-day supply: Provided further, That the prescription drug may not be— (1) a controlled substance, as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act ( 21 U.S.C. 802 ); or (2) a biological product, as defined in section 351 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 262 ). 206. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act shall be used to approve a waiver of the navigation and vessel-inspection laws pursuant to section 501(b) of title 46, United States Code, for the transportation of crude oil distributed from and to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve until the Secretary of Homeland Security, after consultation with the Secretaries of the Departments of Energy and Transportation and representatives from the United States flag maritime industry, takes adequate measures to ensure the use of United States flag vessels. (b) The Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate within 2 business days of any request for waivers of navigation and vessel-inspection laws pursuant to section 501(b) of title 46, United States Code, with respect to such transportation, and the disposition of such requests. 207. (a) Beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall not— (1) establish, collect, or otherwise impose any new border crossing fee on individuals crossing the Southern border or the Northern border at a land port of entry; or (2) conduct any study relating to the imposition of a border crossing fee. (b) In this section, the term border crossing fee means a fee that every pedestrian, cyclist, and driver and passenger of a private motor vehicle is required to pay for the privilege of crossing the Southern border or the Northern border at a land port of entry. 208. (a) Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit an expenditure plan for any amounts made available for U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements in this Act and prior Acts to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (b) No such amounts provided in this Act may be obligated prior to the submission of such plan. 209. Section 211 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2021 (division F of Public Law 116–260 ), prohibiting the use of funds for the construction of fencing in certain areas, shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act. 210. (a) Funds made available in this Act may be used to alter operations within the National Targeting Center of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (b) None of the funds provided by this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2025, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the components funded by this Act, may be used to reduce anticipated or planned vetting operations at existing locations unless specifically authorized by a statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. 211. (a) Of the total amount made available under U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements , $1,390,338,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) shall be available only as follows: (1) $600,000,000 for the acquisition and deployment of physical barriers; (2) $300,000,000 for the acquisition and deployment of border security technologies; (3) $305,000,000 for trade and travel assets and infrastructure; (4) $23,654,000 for facility construction and improvements; (5) $131,419,000 for integrated operations assets and infrastructure; and (6) $30,265,000 for mission support and infrastructure. (b) None of the funds allocated for pedestrian physical barriers may be made available for any purpose other than the construction of steel bollard pedestrian barrier built at least 18 to 30 feet in effective height and augmented with anti-climb and anti-dig features. (c) None of the funds allocated for pedestrian physical barriers may be made available for any purpose other than construction of pedestrian barriers consistent with the description in subsection (b) at locations identified in the Border Security Improvement Plan submitted to Congress on August 1, 2020. (d) The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection may reprioritize the construction of physical barriers outlined in the Border Security Improvement Plan and, with prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, add additional miles of pedestrian physical barriers where no such barriers exist, prioritized by operational requirements developed in coordination with U.S. Border Patrol leadership. (e) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall begin to obligate amounts for physical barrier construction no later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (f) For purposes of this section, the term “effective height” refers to the height above the level of the adjacent terrain features. 212. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated, expended, or transferred to another Federal agency, board, or commission to be used to dismantle, demolish, remove, or damage existing United States-Mexico physical barriers, including any barrier constructed by a State government, at any location where such barriers have been constructed as of the date of enactment of this Act unless such barrier is simultaneously being repaired or replaced. 213. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to utilize the U.S. Customs and Border Protection CBP One Application, or any successor application, to facilitate the parole of any alien into the United States. 214. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, or otherwise carry out the policies described in the directive issued by the Acting Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection on January 10, 2023, entitled Emergency Driving and Vehicular Pursuits . 215. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to admit an alien into the United States at a port of entry on an F or M visa if the college, university, or other institution of higher learning that the student will attend is not accredited by a nationally recognized accrediting agency or association recognized by the Secretary of Education pursuant to part H of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1099a et seq. ). 216. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to parole into the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, for the purpose of temporary visit for business or pleasure without a visa, an alien who is a national of the People’s Republic of China. 217. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to admit into the United States any aerosol-dispensing unmanned aircraft system produced or manufactured in a foreign adversary country. (b) The term “foreign adversary country” means a country specified in section 4872(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code. 218. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to reduce participation in or substantively diminish the delegation of law enforcement authority authorized under section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1357(g) ), except as provided in section 219 of this Act. 219. None of the funds provided under the heading U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support may be used to continue a delegation of law enforcement authority authorized under section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1357(g) ) if the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General determines that the terms of the agreement governing the delegation of authority have been materially violated. 220. (a) None of the funds provided under the heading U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support may be used to continue any contract for the provision of detention services if the two most recent overall performance evaluations received by the contracted facility are less than adequate or the equivalent median score in any subsequent performance evaluation system. (b) The performance evaluations referenced in subsection (a) shall be conducted by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Office of Professional Responsibility. 221. Without regard to the limitation as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, the Secretary may reprogram within and transfer funds to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support as necessary to ensure the detention of aliens prioritized for removal. 222. The reports required to be submitted under section 216 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2021 (division F of Public Law 116–260 ) shall continue to be submitted semimonthly and each matter required to be included in such reports by such section 216 shall apply in the same manner and to the same extent during the period described in such section 216. 223. The terms and conditions of section 217 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2020 (division D of Public Law 116–93 ) shall apply to this Act. 224. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, or otherwise carry out the activities and policies described in the memorandum issued by the Secretary of Homeland Security on September 30, 2021, entitled Guidelines for the Enforcement of Civil Immigration Law , or described in the memorandum issued by Kerry Doyle, Immigration and Customs Enforcement Principal Legal Advisor on April 3, 2022, entitled Guidance to OPLA Attorneys Regarding the Enforcement of Civil Immigration Laws and the Exercise of Prosecutorial Discretion , or any successor or similar memorandum or policy. 225. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to transport aliens unlawfully present in, paroled into, or inadmissible to the United States into the interior of the United States for purposes other than enforcement of the immigration laws (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101 )). (b) The limitation under subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to amounts made available to transport unaccompanied alien children (as such term is defined in section 462 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 279 )). 226. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement may be used to pay for or facilitate an abortion, except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus would be carried to term, or in the case of rape or incest. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement may be used to require any person to perform, or facilitate in any way the performance of, any abortion. 227. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to administer hormone therapy medication or perform or facilitate any surgery for any person in custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for the purpose of gender-affirming care. 228. The Secretary of Homeland Security shall allocate amounts appropriated or otherwise made available under the heading U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support by this Act in order to— (1) prioritize detention by using such amounts to ensure that the average daily population of detainees is maintained at the full capacity at all detention facilities funded by this Act throughout the fiscal year; and (2) ensure that every alien on the non-detained docket is enrolled into the Alternatives to Detention Program with mandatory GPS monitoring throughout the duration of all applicable immigration proceedings (including any appeals) and until removal, if ordered removed. 229. Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate an obligation plan for amounts made available in this Act for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , delineated by level II program, project, and activity. 230. None of the funds provided under the heading “U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support” may be made available to develop or administer a physical identification card for purposes of alien identification, verification of immigration status, or immigration portal access. 231. None of the funds provided under the heading “U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support” may be made available to develop, pilot, administer, or otherwise implement standards for management of the non-detained alien population or for the Alternatives to Detention Program beyond those incorporated in the Alternatives to Detention Handbook, issued on August 16, 2017. 232. None of the funds provided under the heading “U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support” may be made available to implement, administer, or otherwise carry out the activities, policies, and guidelines described in the memorandum issued by the Secretary of Homeland Security on October 27, 2021, entitled “Guidelines for Enforcement Actions in or Near Protected Areas”. 233. No law of any State or political subdivision thereof pertaining to a minimum rate of compensation or any other condition of employment shall apply in the case of any person held in Federal custody pursuant to the immigration laws (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C.1101)). 234. (a) Members of the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate, including the leadership; the heads of Federal agencies and commissions, including the Secretary, Deputy Secretary, Under Secretaries, and Assistant Secretaries of the Department of Homeland Security; the United States Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, Assistant Attorneys General, and the United States Attorneys; and senior members of the Executive Office of the President, including the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall not be exempt from Federal passenger and baggage screening. (b) None of the funds made available in this or any other Act, including prior Acts, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the components funded by this Act may be used to carry out legislation altering the applicability of the screening requirements outlined in subsection (a). 235. Notwithstanding section 44923 of title 49, United States Code, for fiscal year 2025, any funds in the Aviation Security Capital Fund established by section 44923(h) of title 49, United States Code, may be used for the procurement and installation of explosives detection systems or for the issuance of other transaction agreements for the purpose of funding projects described in section 44923(a) of such title. 236. Not later than 45 days after the submission of the President's budget proposal, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations and Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Appropriations and Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a single report that fulfills the following requirements: (1) a Capital Investment Plan, both constrained and unconstrained, that includes a plan for continuous and sustained capital investment in new, and the replacement of aged, transportation security equipment; (2) the 5-year technology investment plan as required by section 1611 of title XVI of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by section 3 of the Transportation Security Acquisition Reform Act ( Public Law 113–245 ); and (3) the Advanced Integrated Passenger Screening Technologies report as required by the Senate Report accompanying the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2019 (Senate Report 115–283). 237. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading Coast Guard—Operations and Support shall be for expenses incurred for recreational vessels under section 12114 of title 46, United States Code, except to the extent fees are collected from owners of yachts and credited to the appropriation made available by this Act under the heading Coast Guard—Operations and Support . (b) To the extent such fees are insufficient to pay expenses of recreational vessel documentation under such section 12114, and there is a backlog of recreational vessel applications, personnel performing non-recreational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform documentation under section 12114. 238. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a future-years capital investment plan as described in the second proviso under the heading Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements in the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015 ( Public Law 114–4 ), which shall be subject to the requirements in the third and fourth provisos under such heading. 239. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to reduce the Coast Guard's legacy Operations Systems Center mission or its government-employed or contract staff levels. 240. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to conduct, or to implement the results of, a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 for activities performed with respect to the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center. 241. Funds made available in this Act may be used to alter operations within the Civil Engineering Program of the Coast Guard nationwide, including civil engineering units, facilities design and construction centers, maintenance and logistics commands, and the Coast Guard Academy, except that none of the funds provided in this Act may be used to reduce operations within any civil engineering unit unless specifically authorized by a statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. 242. Amounts deposited into the Coast Guard Housing Fund in fiscal year 2025 shall be available until expended to carry out the purposes of section 2946 of title 14, United States Code, and shall be in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes. 243. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, or enforce a Final Rule on Shipping Safety Fairways Along the Atlantic Coast (89 Fed. Reg. 3587) until the Coast Guard submits a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the effect of offshore wind turbines on marine navigation radar, especially with regard to search and rescue interference. 244. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, or enforce a Final Rule on Amendments to the North Atlantic Right Whale Vessel Strike Reduction Rule (87 Fed. Reg. 46920) or any restrictions on vessel speed for the Rice’s whale that were not in place prior to January 20, 2021. 245. The United States Secret Service is authorized to obligate funds in anticipation of reimbursements from executive agencies, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, for personnel receiving training sponsored by the James J. Rowley Training Center, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available under the heading United States Secret Service—Operations and Support at the end of the fiscal year. 246. (a) None of the funds made available to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous appropriations Acts may be made available for the protection of the head of a Federal agency other than the Secretary of Homeland Security. (b) The Director of the United States Secret Service may enter into agreements to provide such protection on a fully reimbursable basis. 247. For purposes of section 503(a)(3) of this Act, up to $15,000,000 may be reprogrammed within United States Secret Service—Operations and Support . 248. Funding made available in this Act for United States Secret Service—Operations and Support is available for travel of United States Secret Service employees on protective missions without regard to the limitations on such expenditures in this or any other Act if the Director of the United States Secret Service or a designee notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate 10 or more days in advance, or as early as practicable, prior to such expenditures. 249. None of the funds provided under the heading U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support may be made available to terminate or substantively reduce the terms or conditions of a contract for the provision of detention services with any facility that was previously or is currently designated as a Family Residential Center. 250. (a) The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall ensure that, during the fiscal year funded by this Act, the imposition or collection of cost-sharing for certain services is prohibited as follows— (1) Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of section 1074g(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, cost-sharing may not be imposed or collected with respect to any eligible covered beneficiary for any prescription contraceptive on the uniform formulary provided through a retail pharmacy described in section 1074g(a)(2)(E)(ii) of such title or through the national mail-order pharmacy program of the TRICARE Program. (2) Notwithstanding any provision under section 1075 of title 10, United States Code, cost-sharing may not be imposed or collected for a covered service that is provided by a network provider under the TRICARE program to an eligible covered beneficiary under such section. (3) Notwithstanding subsections (a), (b), and (c) of section 1075a of title 10, United States Code, cost-sharing may not be imposed or collected for a covered service that is provided under TRICARE Prime to an eligible covered beneficiary under such section. (b) In this section— (1) The term “covered service” means any method of contraception approved, granted, or cleared by the Food and Drug Administration, any contraceptive care (including with respect to insertion, removal, and follow up), any sterilization procedure, or any patient education or counseling service provided in connection with any such method, care, or procedure. (2) The term “eligible covered beneficiary” means an eligible covered beneficiary (as such term is used in section 1074g of title 10, United States Code) on the basis of being— (A) a member of the Coast Guard; or (B) a dependent of such a member. (3) The terms “TRICARE Program” and “TRICARE Prime” have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. (c) This section shall become effective 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 251. (a) Contraceptive supplies of up to 365 days shall be covered for any eligible covered beneficiary to obtain, including in a single fill or refill, at the option of such beneficiary, the total days of supply (not to exceed a 365-day supply) for a contraceptive on the uniform formulary provided through a military treatment facility pharmacy, retail pharmacy described in section 1074g(a)(2)(E)(ii) of such title, or through the national mail-order pharmacy program of the TRICARE Program. (b) Beginning not later than 90 days after the implementation of coverage under subsection (a), the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall conduct such outreach activities as are necessary to inform health care providers and individuals who are enrolled in the TRICARE program of such coverage and the requirements to receive such coverage. (c) In this section— (1) The term “covered Armed Force” means the Coast Guard. (2) The term “eligible covered beneficiary” means an eligible covered beneficiary as such term is used in section 1074g of title 10, United States Code who is— (A) a member of a covered Armed Force serving on active duty; or (B) a dependent of a member described in subparagraph (A). (3) The terms “TRICARE Program” and “TRICARE Prime” have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. (d) This section shall become effective 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. III PROTECTION, PREPAREDNESS, RESPONSE, AND RECOVERY Cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency for operations and support, $2,437,285,000, of which $23,698,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency for procurement, construction, and improvements, $493,572,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027. Federal emergency management agency OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for operations and support, $1,551,093,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (increased by $8,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $18,168,000): Provided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for procurement, construction, and improvements, $94,827,000, of which $38,590,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027, and of which $56,237,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2029. FEDERAL ASSISTANCE For activities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for Federal assistance through grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other activities, $3,758,992,810 (increased by $15,000,000) (increased by $30,000,000), which shall be allocated as follows: (1) $520,000,000 for the State Homeland Security Grant Program under section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 605 ), of which $90,000,000 shall be for Operation Stonegarden and $15,000,000 shall be for Tribal Homeland Security Grants under section 2005 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 606 ): Provided , That notwithstanding subsection (c)(4) of such section 2004, for fiscal year 2025, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall make available to local and tribal governments amounts provided to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico under this paragraph in accordance with subsection (c)(1) of such section 2004. (2) $615,000,000 for the Urban Area Security Initiative under section 2003 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 604 ). (3) $305,000,000 (reduced by $305,000,000) (increased by $305,000,000) (increased by $80,000,000) (reduced by $80,000,000) (increased by $30,000,000) for the Nonprofit Security Grant Program under section 2009 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 609a ), of which $152,500,000 (increased by $15,000,000) is for eligible recipients located in high-risk urban areas that receive funding under section 2003 of such Act and $152,500,000 (increased by $15,000,000) is for eligible recipients that are located outside such areas: Provided , That eligible recipients are those described in section 2009(b) of such Act ( 6 U.S.C. 609a(b) ) or are an otherwise eligible recipient at risk of a terrorist or other extremist attack. (4) $105,000,000 for Public Transportation Security Assistance, Railroad Security Assistance, and Over-the-Road Bus Security Assistance under sections 1406, 1513, and 1532 of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 ( 6 U.S.C. 1135 , 1163, and 1182), of which $10,000,000 shall be for Amtrak security and $2,000,000 shall be for Over-the-Road Bus Security: Provided , That such public transportation security assistance shall be provided directly to public transportation agencies. (5) $100,000,000 for Port Security Grants in accordance with section 70107 of title 46, United States Code. (6) $720,000,000 (increased by $15,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which $360,000,000 (increased by $7,500,000) shall be for Assistance to Firefighter Grants and $360,000,000 (increased by $7,500,000) shall be for Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response Grants under sections 33 and 34 respectively of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229 and 2229a). (7) $355,000,000 for emergency management performance grants under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq. ), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5121 ), the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 ( 42 U.S.C. 7701 ), section 762 of title 6, United States Code, and Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (8) $312,750,000 for necessary expenses for Flood Hazard Mapping and Risk Analysis, in addition to and to supplement any other sums appropriated under the National Flood Insurance Fund, and such additional sums as may be provided by States or other political subdivisions for cost-shared mapping activities under section 1360(f)(2) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4101(f)(2) ), to remain available until expended. (9) $12,000,000 for Regional Catastrophic Preparedness Grants. (10) $130,000,000 for the emergency food and shelter program under title III of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 11331 ), to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided , That not to exceed 3.5 percent shall be for total administrative costs. (11) $40,000,000 for the Next Generation Warning System. (12) $221,343,810 for Community Project Funding grants, which shall be for the purposes, and the amounts, specified in the table entitled Homeland Security—Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act, of which— (A) $81,771,896, in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purpose, is for emergency operations center grants under section 614 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5196c ); and (B) $139,571,914, in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purpose, is for pre-disaster mitigation grants under section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5133(e) , notwithstanding subsections (f), (g), and (l) of that section ( 42 U.S.C. 5133(f) , (g), (l)). (13) $322,899,000 to sustain current operations for training, exercises, technical assistance, and other programs. DISASTER RELIEF FUND For necessary expenses in carrying out the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq. ), $22,741,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount shall be for major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq. ) and is designated by the Congress as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE FUND For activities under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq. ), the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 ( 42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq. ), the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 ( Public Law 112–141 , 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 ( Public Law 113–89 ; 128 Stat. 1020), $239,785,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, which shall be derived from offsetting amounts collected under section 1308(d) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4015(d) ); of which $14,578,000 shall be available for mission support associated with flood management; and of which $225,207,000 shall be available for flood plain management and flood mapping: Provided, That any additional fees collected pursuant to section 1308(d) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4015(d) ) shall be credited as offsetting collections to this account, to be available for flood plain management and flood mapping: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2025, no funds shall be available from the National Flood Insurance Fund under section 1310 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4017 ) in excess of— (1) $240,262,000 for operating expenses and salaries and expenses associated with flood insurance operations; (2) $1,382,000,000 for commissions and taxes of agents; (3) such sums as are necessary for interest on Treasury borrowings; and (4) $175,000,000, which shall remain available until expended, for flood mitigation actions and for flood mitigation assistance under section 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4104c ), notwithstanding sections 1366(e) and 1310(a)(7) of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 4104c(e) , 4017): Provided further, That the amounts collected under section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 ( 42 U.S.C. 4012a ) and section 1366(e) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4104c(e) ), shall be deposited in the National Flood Insurance Fund to supplement other amounts specified as available for section 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, notwithstanding section 102(f)(8), section 1366(e) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, and paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 1367(b) of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 4012a(f)(8) , 4104c(e), 4104d(b)(1)–(3)): Provided further, That total administrative costs shall not exceed 4 percent of the total appropriation: Provided further, That up to $6,102,000 is available to carry out section 24 of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 ( 42 U.S.C. 4033 ). Administrative provisions (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) 301. Funds made available under the heading Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency—Operations and Support may be made available for the necessary expenses of procuring or providing access to cybersecurity threat feeds for branches, agencies, independent agencies, corporations, establishments, and instrumentalities of the Federal Government of the United States, state, local, tribal, and territorial entities, fusion centers as described in section 210A of the Homeland Security Act ( 6 U.S.C. 124h ), and Information Sharing and Analysis Organizations. 302. (a) Notwithstanding section 2008(a)(12) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 609(a)(12) ) or any other provision of law, not more than 5 percent of the amount of a grant made available in paragraphs (1) through (5) under Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance , may be used by the recipient for expenses directly related to administration of the grant. (b) The authority provided in subsection (a) shall also apply to a state recipient for the administration of a grant under such paragraph (3). 303. Applications for grants under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance , for paragraphs (1) through (5), shall be made available to eligible applicants not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, eligible applicants shall submit applications not later than 80 days after the grant announcement, and the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall act within 65 days after the receipt of an application. 304. (a) Under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance , for grants under paragraphs (1) through (5) and (9), the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall brief the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate 5 full business days in advance of announcing publicly the intention of making an award. (b) If any such public announcement is made before 5 full business days have elapsed following such briefing, $1,000,000 of amounts appropriated by this Act for Federal Emergency Management Agency—Operations and Support shall be rescinded. 305. Under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance , for grants under paragraphs (1) and (2), the installation of communications towers is not considered construction of a building or other physical facility. 306. The reporting requirements in paragraphs (1) and (2) under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Disaster Relief Fund in the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015 ( Public Law 114–4 ), related to reporting on the Disaster Relief Fund, shall be applied in fiscal year 2025 with respect to budget year 2026 and current fiscal year 2025, respectively— (1) in paragraph (1) by substituting fiscal year 2026 for fiscal year 2016 ; and (2) in paragraph (2) by inserting business after fifth . 307. In making grants under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance , for Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response grants, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency may grant waivers from the requirements in subsections (a)(1)(A), (a)(1)(B), (a)(1)(E), (c)(1), (c)(2), and (c)(4) of section 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 ( 15 U.S.C. 2229a ). 308. (a) The aggregate charges assessed during fiscal year 2025, as authorized in title III of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 ( 42 U.S.C. 5196e ), shall not be less than 100 percent of the amounts anticipated by the Department of Homeland Security to be necessary for its Radiological Emergency Preparedness Program for the next fiscal year. (b) The methodology for assessment and collection of fees shall be fair and equitable and shall reflect costs of providing such services, including administrative costs of collecting such fees. (c) Such fees shall be deposited in a Radiological Emergency Preparedness Program account as offsetting collections and will become available for authorized purposes on October 1, 2025, and remain available until expended. 309. In making grants under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance , for Assistance to Firefighter Grants, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency may waive subsection (k) of section 33 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 ( 15 U.S.C. 2229 ). 310. Any unobligated balances of funds appropriated in any prior Act for activities funded by the National Predisaster Mitigation Fund under section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5133 ), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of section 1234 of division D of Public Law 115–254 , may be transferred to and merged with funds set aside pursuant to subsection (i)(1) of section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5133 ), as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section. 311. Any unobligated balances of funds appropriated under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Flood Hazard Mapping and Risk Analysis Program in any prior Act may be transferred to and merged with funds appropriated under the heading Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance for necessary expenses for Flood Hazard Mapping and Risk Analysis: Provided, That funds transferred pursuant to this section shall be in addition to and supplement any other sums appropriated for such purposes under the National Flood Insurance Fund and such additional sums as may be provided by States or other political subdivisions for cost-shared mapping activities under section 1360(f)(2) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 4101(f)(2) ), to remain available until expended. IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TRAINING, AND SERVICES U.S. citizenship and immigration services OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for operations and support of the E-Verify Program, $112,431,000: Provided, That such amounts shall be in addition to any other amounts made available for such purposes, and shall not be construed to require any reduction of any fee described in section 286(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1356(m) ). Federal law enforcement training centers OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers for operations and support, including the purchase of not to exceed 117 vehicles for police-type use and hire of passenger motor vehicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $360,752,000, of which $66,665,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That not to exceed $7,180 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers for procurement, construction, and improvements, $6,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029, for acquisition of necessary additional real property and facilities, construction and ongoing maintenance, facility improvements and related expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers. Science and technology directorate OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Science and Technology Directorate for operations and support, including the purchase or lease of not to exceed 5 vehicles, $375,238,000, of which $206,442,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That not to exceed $10,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Science and Technology Directorate for procurement, construction, and improvements, $30,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses of the Science and Technology Directorate for research and development, $339,353,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $30,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2027. Countering weapons of mass destruction office OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT For necessary expenses of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office for operations and support, $159,252,000, of which $50,446,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS For necessary expenses of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office for procurement, construction, and improvements, $33,397,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office for research and development, $110,938,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027. FEDERAL ASSISTANCE For necessary expenses of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office for Federal assistance through grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other activities, $57,726,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027. Administrative provisions 401. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds otherwise made available to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services may be used to acquire, operate, equip, and dispose of up to 5 vehicles, for replacement only, for areas where the Administrator of General Services does not provide vehicles for lease. (b) The Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services may authorize employees who are assigned to those areas to use such vehicles to travel between the employees' residences and places of employment. 402. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to process or approve a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 for services provided by employees (including employees serving on a temporary or term basis) of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services of the Department of Homeland Security who are known as Immigration Information Officers, Immigration Service Analysts, Contact Representatives, Investigative Assistants, or Immigration Services Officers. 403. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any Federal funds made available to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services may be used for the collection and use of biometrics taken at a U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Application Support Center that is overseen virtually by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services personnel using appropriate technology. 404. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘Procedures or Credible Fear Screening and Consideration of Asylum, Withholding of Removal, and CAT Protection Claims by Asylum Officers’’ (87 Fed. Reg. 18078). 405. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to issue any employment authorization document or similar document to any alien whose application for asylum in the United States has been denied, or who is convicted of a Federal or State crime while his or her application for asylum in the United States is pending. 406. Notwithstanding the numerical limitation set forth in section 214(g)(1)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1184(g)(1)(B) ), the Secretary of Homeland Security, after consultation with the Secretary of Labor, and upon determining that the needs of American businesses cannot be satisfied during fiscal year 2025 with United States workers who are willing, qualified, and able to perform temporary nonagricultural labor, may increase the total number of aliens who may receive a visa under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) of such Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) ) in such fiscal year above such limitation by not more than the highest number of H– 2B nonimmigrants who participated in the H–2B returning worker program in any fiscal year in which returning workers were exempt from such numerical limitation. 407. Notwithstanding section 286(n) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1356(n) ), the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services may use not more than $2,500 of the amounts deposited in the Immigration Examinations Fee Account for official reception and representation expenses in fiscal year 2025. 408. No Federal funds made available to the Department of Homeland Security may be used for the consideration of a petition for a nonimmigrant visa under section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, if the petitioner is any entity identified under section 1260H of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ) or any subsidiary of such entity. 409. The Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers is authorized to distribute funds to Federal law enforcement agencies for expenses incurred participating in training accreditation. 410. The Federal Law Enforcement Training Accreditation Board, including representatives from the Federal law enforcement community and non-Federal accreditation experts involved in law enforcement training, shall lead the Federal law enforcement training accreditation process to continue the implementation of measuring and assessing the quality and effectiveness of Federal law enforcement training programs, facilities, and instructors. 411. (a) The Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers may accept transfers to its Procurement, Construction, and Improvements account from Government agencies requesting the construction of special use facilities, as authorized by the Economy Act ( 31 U.S.C. 1535(b) ). (b) The Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers shall maintain administrative control and ownership upon completion of such facilities. 412. The functions of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers instructor staff shall be classified as inherently governmental for purposes of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act of 1998 ( 31 U.S.C. 501 note). 413. None of the funds made available in this Act may be made available to implement, administer, or enforce the “Asylum Program Fee” from the Final Rule entitled ‘‘U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Fee Schedule and Changes to Certain Other Immigration Benefit Request Requirements’’ (88 Fed. Reg. 6194). V GENERAL PROVISIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS AND RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS) 501. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. 502. Subject to the requirements of section 503 of this Act, the unexpended balances of prior appropriations provided for activities in this Act may be transferred to appropriation accounts for such activities established pursuant to this Act, may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts, and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. 503. (a) None of the funds provided by this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the components in or transferred to the Department of Homeland Security that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2025, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the components funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or eliminates a program, project, or activity, or increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; (2) contracts out any function or activity presently performed by Federal employees or any new function or activity proposed to be performed by Federal employees in the President's budget proposal for fiscal year 2025 for the Department of Homeland Security; (3) augments funding for existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; (4) reduces funding for any program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel, by 10 percent or more; or (5) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel that would result in a change in funding levels for programs, projects, or activities as approved by the Congress. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 30 days in advance of such reprogramming. (c) Up to 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Homeland Security by this Act or provided by previous appropriations Acts may be transferred between such appropriations if the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 30 days in advance of such transfer, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by such transfer. (d) Notwithstanding subsections (a), (b), and (c), no funds shall be reprogrammed within or transferred between appropriations— (1) based upon an initial notification provided after June 15, except in extraordinary circumstances that imminently threaten the safety of human life or the protection of property; (2) to increase or decrease funding for grant programs; or (3) to create a program, project, or activity pursuant to subsection (a)(1), including any new function or requirement within any program, project, or activity, not approved by Congress in the consideration of the enactment of this Act. (e) The notification thresholds and procedures set forth in subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) shall apply to any use of deobligated balances of funds provided in previous Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Acts that remain available for obligation in the current year. (f) Notwithstanding subsection (c), the Secretary of Homeland Security may transfer to the fund established by 8 U.S.C. 1101 note, up to $20,000,000 from appropriations available to the Department of Homeland Security: Provided , That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 5 days in advance of such transfer. 504. (a) Section 504 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017 (division F of Public Law 115–31 ), related to the operations of a working capital fund, shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act. (b) Funds from such working capital fund may be obligated and expended in anticipation of reimbursements from components of the Department of Homeland Security. 505. (a) Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2025, as recorded in the financial records at the time of a reprogramming notification, but not later than June 15, 2026, from appropriations for Operations and Support for fiscal year 2025 in this Act shall remain available through September 30, 2026, in the account and for the purposes for which the appropriations were provided. (b) Prior to the obligation of such funds, a notification shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in accordance with section 503 of this Act. 506. (a) Funds made available by this Act for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 414 ) during fiscal year 2025 until the enactment of an Act authorizing intelligence activities for fiscal year 2025. (b) Amounts described in subsection (a) made available for Intelligence, Analysis, and Situational Awareness—Operations and Support that exceed the amounts in such authorization for such account shall be transferred to and merged with amounts made available under the heading Management Directorate—Operations and Support . (c) Prior to the obligation of any funds transferred under subsection (b), the Management Directorate shall brief the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on a plan for the use of such funds. 507. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 3 full business days in advance of— (1) making or awarding a grant allocation or grant in excess of $1,000,000; (2) making or awarding a contract, other transaction agreement, or task or delivery order on a multiple award contract, or to issue a letter of intent totaling in excess of $4,000,000; (3) awarding a task or delivery order requiring an obligation of funds in an amount greater than $10,000,000 from multi-year Department of Homeland Security funds; (4) making a sole-source grant award; or (5) announcing publicly the intention to make or award items under paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4), including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (b) If the Secretary of Homeland Security determines that compliance with this section would pose a substantial risk to human life, health, or safety, an award may be made without notification, and the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 5 full business days after such an award is made or letter issued. (c) A notification under this section— (1) may not involve funds that are not available for obligation; and (2) shall include the amount of the award; the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated; the type of contract; and the account from which the funds are being drawn. 508. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no agency shall purchase, construct, or lease any additional facilities, except within or contiguous to existing locations, to be used for the purpose of conducting Federal law enforcement training without advance notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training that cannot be accommodated in existing Centers' facilities. 509. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for expenses for any construction, repair, alteration, or acquisition project for which a prospectus otherwise required under chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus. 510. Sections 522 and 530 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2008 (division E of Public Law 110–161 ; 121 Stat. 2073 and 2074) shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such sections applied to funds made available in that Act. 511. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the applicable provisions of the Buy American Act. (b) For purposes of subsection (a), the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to amend the oath of allegiance required by section 337 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1448 ). 513. None of the funds provided or otherwise made available in this Act shall be available to carry out section 872 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 452 ) unless explicitly authorized by the Congress. 514. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for planning, testing, piloting, or developing a national identification card. 515. Any official that is required by this Act to report or to certify to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate may not delegate such authority to perform that act unless specifically authorized herein. 516. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for first-class travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 517. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to employ workers described in section 274A(h)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1324a(h)(3) ). 518. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractor performance that has been judged to be below satisfactory performance or performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract. 519. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, territorial, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 520. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by a Federal law enforcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. 521. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to pay for the travel to or attendance of more than 50 employees of a single component of the Department of Homeland Security, who are stationed in the United States, at a single international conference unless the Secretary of Homeland Security, or a designee, determines that such attendance is in the national interest and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within at least 10 days of that determination and the basis for that determination. (b) For purposes of this section the term international conference shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representatives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international organizations, or nongovernmental organizations. (c) The total cost to the Department of Homeland Security of any such conference shall not exceed $500,000. (d) Employees who attend a conference virtually without travel away from their permanent duty station within the United States shall not be counted for purposes of this section, and the prohibition contained in this section shall not apply to payments for the costs of attendance for such employees. 522. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to reimburse any Federal department or agency for its participation in a National Special Security Event. 523. (a) None of the funds made available to the Department of Homeland Security by this or any other Act may be obligated for the implementation of any structural pay reform or the introduction of any new position classification that will affect more than 100 full-time positions or costs more than $5,000,000 in a single year before the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits to Congress a notification that includes— (1) the number of full-time positions affected by such change; (2) funding required for such change for the current fiscal year and through the Future Years Homeland Security Program; (3) justification for such change; and (4) for a structural pay reform, an analysis of compensation alternatives to such change that were considered by the Department. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to such change if— (1) it was proposed in the President’s budget proposal for the fiscal year funded by this Act; and (2) funds for such change have not been explicitly denied or restricted in this Act. 524. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in this Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises homeland or national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for not less than 45 days except as otherwise specified in law. 525. (a) Funding provided in this Act for Operations and Support may be used for minor procurement, construction, and improvements. (b) For purposes of subsection (a), minor refers to end items with a unit cost of $250,000 or less for personal property, and $2,000,000 or less for real property. 526. The authority provided by section 532 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2018 ( Public Law 115–141 ) regarding primary and secondary schooling of dependents shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2025. 527. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Homeland Security by this Act may be used to prevent any of the following persons from entering, for the purpose of conducting oversight, any facility operated by or for the Department of Homeland Security used to detain or otherwise house aliens, or to make any temporary modification at any such facility that in any way alters what is observed by a visiting Member of Congress or such designated employee, compared to what would be observed in the absence of such modification: (1) A Member of Congress; and (2) An employee of the United States House of Representatives or the United States Senate designated by such a Member for the purposes of this section. (b) Nothing in this section may be construed to require a Member of Congress to provide prior notice of the intent to enter a facility described in subsection (a) for the purpose of conducting oversight. (c) With respect to individuals described in subsection (a)(2), the Department of Homeland Security may require that a request be made at least 24 hours in advance of an intent to enter a facility described in subsection (a). 528. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds made available in this Act may be used to place restraints on a woman in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security (including during transport, in a detention facility, or at an outside medical facility) who is pregnant or in post-delivery recuperation. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to a pregnant woman if— (1) an appropriate official of the Department of Homeland Security makes an individualized determination that the woman— (A) is a serious flight risk, and such risk cannot be prevented by other means; or (B) poses an immediate and serious threat to harm herself or others that cannot be prevented by other means; or (2) a medical professional responsible for the care of the pregnant woman determines that the use of therapeutic restraints is appropriate for the medical safety of the woman. (c) If a pregnant woman is restrained pursuant to subsection (b), only the safest and least restrictive restraints, as determined by the appropriate medical professional treating the woman, may be used. In no case may restraints be used on a woman who is in active labor or delivery, and in no case may a pregnant woman be restrained in a face-down position with four-point restraints, on her back, or in a restraint belt that constricts the area of the pregnancy. A pregnant woman who is immobilized by restraints shall be positioned, to the maximum extent feasible, on her left side. 529. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to destroy any document, recording, or other record pertaining to any— (1) death of; (2) potential sexual assault or abuse perpetrated against; or (3) allegation of abuse, criminal activity, or disruption committed by an individual held in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security. (b) The records referred to in subsection (a) shall be made available, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and Federal rules governing disclosure in litigation, to an individual who has been charged with a crime, been placed into segregation, or otherwise punished as a result of an allegation described in paragraph (3), upon the request of such individual. 530. Section 519 of division F of Public Law 114–113 , regarding a prohibition on funding for any position designated as a Principal Federal Official, shall apply with respect to any Federal funds in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act. 531. (a) Not later than 10 days after the date on which the budget of the President for a fiscal year is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Under Secretary for Management of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the unfunded priorities, for the Department of Homeland Security and separately for each departmental component, for which discretionary funding would be classified as budget function 050. (b) Each report under this section shall specify, for each such unfunded priority— (1) a summary description, including the objectives to be achieved if such priority is funded (whether in whole or in part); (2) the description, including the objectives to be achieved if such priority is funded (whether in whole or in part); (3) account information, including the following (as applicable): (A) appropriation account; and (B) program, project, or activity name; and (4) the additional number of full-time or part-time positions to be funded as part of such priority. (c) In this section, the term unfunded priority , in the case of a fiscal year, means a requirement that— (1) is not funded in the budget referred to in subsection (a); (2) is necessary to fulfill a requirement associated with an operational or contingency plan for the Department; and (3) would have been recommended for funding through the budget referred to in subsection (a) if— (A) additional resources had been available for the budget to fund the requirement; (B) the requirement has emerged since the budget was formulated; or (C) the requirement is necessary to sustain prior-year investments. 532. (a) Not later than 10 days after a determination is made by the President to evaluate and initiate protection under any authority for a former or retired Government official or employee, or for an individual who, during the duration of the directed protection, will become a former or retired Government official or employee (referred to in this section as a covered individual ), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a notification to congressional leadership and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Reform of the House of Representatives (referred to in this section as the appropriate congressional committees ). (b) Such notification may be submitted in classified form, if necessary, and in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence or the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, as appropriate, and shall include the threat assessment, scope of the protection, and the anticipated cost and duration of such protection. (c) Not later than 15 days before extending, or 30 days before terminating, protection for a covered individual, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a notification regarding the extension or termination and any change to the threat assessment to the congressional leadership and the appropriate congressional committees. (d) Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a report to the congressional leadership and the appropriate congressional committees, which may be submitted in classified form, if necessary, detailing each covered individual, and the scope and associated cost of protection. 533. (a) None of the funds provided to the Department of Homeland Security in this or any prior Act may be used by an agency to submit an initial project proposal to the Technology Modernization Fund (as authorized by section 1078 of subtitle G of title X of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 )) unless, concurrent with the submission of an initial project proposal to the Technology Modernization Board, the head of the agency— (1) notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate of the proposed submission of the project proposal; (2) submits to the Committees on Appropriations a copy of the project proposal; and (3) provides a detailed analysis of how the proposed project funding would supplement or supplant funding requested as part of the Department's most recent budget submission. (b) None of the funds provided to the Department of Homeland Security by the Technology Modernization Fund shall be available for obligation until 15 days after a report on such funds has been transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (c) The report described in subsection (b) shall include— (1) the full project proposal submitted to and approved by the Fund’s Technology Modernization Board; (2) the finalized interagency agreement between the Department and the Fund including the project’s deliverables and repayment terms, as applicable; (3) a detailed analysis of how the project will supplement or supplant existing funding available to the Department for similar activities; (4) a plan for how the Department will repay the Fund, including specific planned funding sources, as applicable; and (5) other information as determined by the Secretary. 534. Within 60 days of any budget submission for the Department of Homeland Security for fiscal year 2026 that assumes revenues or proposes a reduction from the previous year based on user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submission of the budget, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate specific reductions in proposed discretionary budget authority commensurate with the revenues assumed in such proposals in the event that they are not enacted prior to October 1, 2025. 535. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. 536. No Federal funds made available to the Department of Homeland Security may be used to enter into a procurement contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or guarantee to, any entity identified under section 1260H of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ) or any subsidiary of such entity. 537. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 538. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security (in this section referred to as the Secretary ) shall, on a bimonthly basis beginning immediately after the date of enactment of this Act, develop estimates of the number of aliens anticipated to arrive at the southwest border of the United States. (b) The Secretary shall ensure that, at a minimum, the estimates developed pursuant to subsection (a)— (1) cover the current fiscal year and the following fiscal year; (2) include a breakout by demographics, to include single adults, family units, and unaccompanied children; (3) undergo an independent validation and verification review; (4) are used to inform policy planning and budgeting processes within the Department of Homeland Security; and (5) are included in the budget materials submitted to Congress for each fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act and in support of— (A) the President’s annual budget request pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code; (B) any supplemental funding request submitted to Congress; (C) any reprogramming and transfer notification pursuant to section 503 of this Act; and (D) such budget materials shall include— (i) the most recent bimonthly estimates developed pursuant to subsection (a); (ii) a description and quantification of the estimates used to justify funding requests for Department programs related to border security, immigration enforcement, and immigration services; (iii) a description and quantification of the anticipated workload and requirements resulting from such estimates; and (iv) a confirmation as to whether the budget requests for impacted agencies were developed using the same estimates. (c) The Secretary shall share the bimonthly estimates developed pursuant to subsection (a) with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Attorney General, the Secretary of State, and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (d) If the bimonthly estimates described in subsection (b) are not provided for the purposes described, the reprogramming and transfer authority provided in section 503 of this Act shall be suspended until such time as the required estimates are provided to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 539. (a) Prior to the Secretary of Homeland Security requesting assistance from the Department of Defense for border security operations, the Secretary shall ensure that an alternatives analysis and cost-benefit analysis is conducted before such request is made, which shall include an examination of obtaining such support through other means. (b) Not later than 30 days after the date on which a request for assistance is made, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report detailing the types of support requested, the alternatives analysis and cost-benefit analysis described in subsection (a), and the operational impact to Department of Homeland Security operations of any Department of Defense border security support requested by the Secretary. (c) Not later than 30 days after the date on which a request made for assistance is granted and quarterly thereafter through the duration of such assistance, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, a report detailing the assistance provided and the operational impacts to border security operations. 540. Funds made available in this Act or any other Act for Operations and Support may be used for the necessary expenses of providing an employee emergency back-up care program. 541. (a) Not less than $5,000,000 made available in this Act shall be transferred to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support to support and conduct necessary operations of the Blue Campaign for fiscal year 2025. (b) Prior to the obligation of funds made available by subsection (a), notification shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 542. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act shall be used to execute an inspection of a detention facility that is in a contractual agreement with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for the provision of detention services and that is subject to the terms, conditions, and standards found within the National Detention Standards for Non-Dedicated Facilities, as revised in 2019 for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, except solely for compliance with the terms, conditions, and standards found within the National Detention Standards for Non-Dedicated Facilities, as revised in 2019. (b) Executions of inspections described in subsection (a) shall not occur within six months of a previous inspection of such facility, except with respect to inspections executed by the Office of Inspector General. 543. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, or enforce the rule entitled Circumvention of Lawful Pathways (88 Fed. Reg. 11704). 544. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to establish or support the activities of a Disinformation Governance Board at the Department of Homeland Security, or any other similar entity carrying out activities relating to disinformation in a similar manner or to a similar extent to such a Board. 545. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to: (a) classify or facilitate the classification of any communications by a United States person as mis-, dis-, or mal-information; or (b) partner with or fund nonprofit or other organizations that pressure or recommend private companies to censor lawful and constitutionally protected speech of United States persons, including recommending the censoring or removal of content on social media platforms. (c) Any officer or employee of the Federal Government whose salary is funded by this Act and who conducts any activity described in (a) or (b) shall be removed from the Federal service. 546. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out the Equity Action Plan of the Department of Homeland Security, or Executive Order No. 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009, relating to advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the federal government), Executive Order No. 14035 of June 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34593, relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility in the federal workforce), Executive Order No. 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825 relating to further advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the federal government) or any program, project, or activity that promotes or advances Critical Race Theory or any concept associated with Critical Race Theory. 547. (a) In general.—Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) Discriminatory action defined.—As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) Accreditation; Licensure; Certification.—The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). 548. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to license, facilitate, coordinate, or otherwise allow officials of a country designated as a state sponsor of terrorism within the past three fiscal years, to, in their capacity as an official, observe, tour, visit, or confer with the employees of the Department of Homeland Security. (b) The term “state sponsor of terrorism” means a country the government of which the Secretary of State determines has repeatedly provided support for international terrorism pursuant to section 1754(c)(1)(A) of the Export Control Reform Act of 2018 ( 50 U.S.C. 4813(c)(1)(A) ); section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2371 ); section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2780 ); or any other provision of law. 549. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to obligate or award funds to a political subdivision of a State that— (a) has in effect any law, policy, or procedure, whether written or communicated orally, in contravention of, or which substantially limits compliance with, subsection (a) or (b) of section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigration Responsibility Act of 1996 ( 8 U.S.C. 1373 ); or (b) has in effect any law, policy, or procedure, whether written or communicated orally, the result of which hinders the federal government from enforcing the immigration laws as defined by 8 U.S.C. 101(a)(17) . (RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS) 550. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Homeland Security, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: (1) $600,000,000 from the unobligated balances available under the heading U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements of the amounts provided by Public Law 116–260 for the construction of barrier system along the southwest border. 551. Of the unobligated balances in the Department of Homeland Security Nonrecurring Expenses Fund established in section 538 of division F of Public Law 117–103 , $154,000,000 are hereby rescinded. SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT 552. $0 (increased by $10,000,000). 553. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to reduce the hours of operation at— (A) the Port of Carbury, North Dakota, port of entry from the operational hours of 9:00 AM to 10:00 PM CT daily; (B) the Port of Fortuna, North Dakota, port of entry from the operational hours of 9:00 AM to 10:00 PM CT daily; (C) the Port of Madia, North Dakota, port of entry from the operational hours of 9:00 AM to 10:00 PM CT daily; (D) the Port of Neche, North Dakota, port of entry from the operational hours of 8:00 AM to 10:00 PM CT daily; (E) the Port of Noonan, North Dakota, port of entry from the operational hours of 9:00 AM to 10:00 PM CT daily; (F) the Port of Northgate, North Dakota, port of entry from the operational hours of 9:00 AM to 10:00 PM CT daily; (G) the Port of Saint John, North Dakota, port of entry from the operational hours of 8:00 AM to 9:00 PM CT daily; (H) the Port of Sherwood, North Dakota, port of entry from the operational hours of 9:00 AM to 10:00 PM CT daily; (I) the Port of Walhalla, North Dakota, port of entry from the operational hours of 8:00 AM to 10:00 PM CT daily; (J) the Port of Westhope, North Dakota, port of entry from the operational hours of 8:00 AM to 9:00 PM CT daily; (K) the Port of Antler, North Dakota, port of entry from the operational hours of 9:00 AM to 10:00 PM CT daily; (L) the Port of Sarles, North Dakota, port of entry from the operational hours of 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM CT daily; (M) the Port of Lancaster, Minnesota, port of entry from the operational hours of 8:00 AM to 10:00 PM CT daily; (N) the Port of Roseau, Minnesota, port of entry from the operational hours of 8:00 AM to 12:00 AM CT daily; (O) the Porthill, Idaho, land Port of entry, from the operational hours of 7:00 AM to 11:00 PM PT daily; or (P) the Port of Buffalo, New York, port of entry from the operational hours of 7:00 AM to 12:00AM ET daily; (2) to implement, administer, enforce, carry out, or execute any rules, guidance, decisions, announcements, or promulgations that reduce or change the hours of operation at the ports of entry specified in paragraph (1); or (3) to publish, promulgate, or otherwise issue rules, guidance, decisions, announcements, or promulgations that reduce or change the hours of operation at the ports of entry specified in paragraph (1). (b) The limitation described in paragraph (1) may not be construed to apply in the case of the administration of a tax or tariff. 554. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, or otherwise carry out the activities and policies described in the rule entitled, Public Charge Ground of Inadmissibility , published by the Secretary of Homeland Security on September 9, 2022. 555. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce any major rule under subparagraph (A) of section 804(2) of title 5, United States Code. 556. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Department of Homeland Security to partner with the Department of State to establish Safe Mobility Offices. 557. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to purchase electric vehicles. 558. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Inclusion Action Committee of the Transportation Security Administration. 559. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce any COVID-19 mask mandates. 560. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to develop or implement any Department of Homeland Security Environmental Justice Strategy. 561. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to administer, implement, or enforce a “Remain-in-Texas” policy. 562. None of the funds made available by this Act be used implement any of the following Executive Orders: (1) Executive Order 13990, relating to Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science To Tackle the Climate Crisis. (2) Executive Order 14008, relating to Tackling Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad. (3) Section 6 of Executive Order 14013, relating to Rebuilding and Enhancing Programs To Resettle Refugees and Planning for the Impact of Climate Change on Migration. (4) Executive Order 14030, relating to Climate-Related Financial Risk. (5) Executive Order 14057, relating to Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs Through Federal Sustainability. (6) Executive Order 14082, relating to Implement of the Energy and Infrastructure Provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. (7) Executive Order 14096, relating to Revitalizing Our Nation’s Commitment to Environmental Justice for All. 563. The salary of Nejwa Ali, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Adjudication Officer, shall be reduced to $1. 564. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salary and expenses of the position of the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, occupied by Alejandro Mayorkas. 565. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out Executive Order 14019 (86 Fed. Reg. 13623; relating to promoting access to voting), except for sections 7, 8, and 10 of such Order. 566. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce the Memorandum on the Deferred Enforced Departure for Certain Palestinians, issued by the President on February 14, 2024. 567. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to make payments to the Department of Veterans Affairs for medical claims of individuals detained by Immigration and Customs Enforcement. This Act may be cited as the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2025 . Passed the House of Representatives June 28, 2024. Kevin F. McCumber, Clerk.

118 HR 8771 PCS: Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2024-09-12 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II Calendar No. 507 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 8771 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES July 8, 2024 Received September 12, 2024 Read twice and placed on the calendar AN ACT Making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes, namely: I DEPARTMENT OF STATE AND RELATED AGENCY DEPARTMENT OF STATE Administration of Foreign Affairs DIPLOMATIC PROGRAMS For necessary expenses of the Department of State and the Foreign Service not otherwise provided for, including for training, human resources management, and salaries, including employment without regard to civil service and classification laws of persons on a temporary basis (not to exceed $700,000), as authorized by section 801 of the United States Information and Educational Exchange Act of 1948 (62 Stat. 11; Chapter 36); for the regional bureaus of the Department of State and overseas activities as authorized by law; for the functional bureaus of the Department of State, including representation to certain international organizations in which the United States participates pursuant to treaties ratified pursuant to the advice and consent of the Senate or specific Acts of Congress, general administration, and arms control, nonproliferation, and disarmament activities as authorized; and for security activities, $8,406,887,000 (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000), of which $671,726,000 may remain available until September 30, 2026, and of which $3,928,712,000 is for Worldwide Security Protection, which may remain available until expended, and of which up to $818,168,000 is for Diplomatic Policy and Support. CONSULAR AND BORDER SECURITY PROGRAMS Of the amounts deposited in the Consular and Border Security Programs account in this or any prior fiscal year pursuant to section 7069(e) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2022 (division K of Public Law 117–103 ), $491,000,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) shall be available until expended for the purposes of such account, including to reduce passport backlogs and reduce visa wait times: Provided, That the Secretary of State may by regulation authorize State officials or the United States Postal Service to collect and retain the execution fee for each application for a passport accepted by such officials or by that Service. CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUND For necessary expenses of the Capital Investment Fund, as authorized, $389,000,000, to remain available until expended. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $137,800,000, of which $28,650,000 may remain available until September 30, 2026, and of which $26,800,000 may remain available until September 30, 2026 for the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR): Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading are made available notwithstanding section 209(a)(1) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 ( 22 U.S.C. 3929(a)(1) ), as it relates to post inspections: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading that are made available for the printing and reproduction costs of SIGAR shall not exceed amounts for such costs during the prior fiscal year. EDUCATIONAL AND CULTURAL EXCHANGE PROGRAMS For necessary expenses of educational and cultural exchange programs, as authorized, $720,946,000 (increased by $500,000) (reduced by $500,000), to remain available until expended, of which not less than $287,800,000 shall be for the Fulbright Program: Provided, That fees or other payments received from, or in connection with, English teaching, educational advising and counseling programs, and exchange visitor programs as authorized may be credited to this account, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That any substantive modifications from the prior fiscal year to programs funded under this heading in this Act shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. REPRESENTATION EXPENSES For representation expenses as authorized, $7,415,000. PROTECTION OF FOREIGN MISSIONS AND OFFICIALS For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided, to enable the Secretary of State to provide for extraordinary protective services, as authorized, $30,890,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. EMBASSY SECURITY, CONSTRUCTION, AND MAINTENANCE For necessary expenses for carrying out the Foreign Service Buildings Act of 1926 ( 22 U.S.C. 292 et seq. ), preserving, maintaining, repairing, and planning for real property that are owned or leased by the Department of State, and renovating, in addition to funds otherwise available, the Harry S Truman Building, $945,210,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029, of which not to exceed $25,000 may be used for overseas representation expenses as authorized: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be available for acquisition of furniture, furnishings, or generators for other departments and agencies of the United States Government. In addition, for the costs of worldwide security upgrades, acquisition, and construction as authorized, $1,012,611,000, to remain available until expended. EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SERVICE For necessary expenses to enable the Secretary of State to meet unforeseen emergencies arising in the Diplomatic and Consular Service, as authorized, $8,885,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Repatriation Loans Program Account . REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT For the cost of direct loans, $1,800,000, as authorized: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $5,823,626. PAYMENT TO THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE IN TAIWAN For necessary expenses to carry out the Taiwan Relations Act ( Public Law 96–8 ), $38,218,000. INTERNATIONAL CENTER, WASHINGTON, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA Not to exceed $1,879,587 shall be derived from fees collected from other executive agencies for lease or use of facilities at the International Center in accordance with section 4 of the International Center Act ( Public Law 90–553 ), and, in addition, as authorized by section 5 of such Act, $745,000, to be derived from the reserve authorized by such section, to be used for the purposes set out in that section. PAYMENT TO THE FOREIGN SERVICE RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY FUND For payment to the Foreign Service Retirement and Disability Fund, as authorized, $60,000,000. International organizations CONTRIBUTIONS TO INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, to meet annual obligations of membership in international multilateral organizations, pursuant to treaties ratified pursuant to the advice and consent of the Senate, conventions, or specific Acts of Congress, $269,614,000: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall, at the time of the submission of the President's budget to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, transmit to the Committees on Appropriations the most recent biennial budget prepared by the United Nations for the operations of the United Nations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall notify the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days in advance (or in an emergency, as far in advance as is practicable) of any United Nations action to increase funding for any United Nations program without identifying an offsetting decrease elsewhere in the United Nations budget: Provided further, That any payment of arrearages under this heading shall be directed to activities that are mutually agreed upon by the United States and the respective international organization and shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for a United States contribution to an international organization for the United States share of interest costs made known to the United States Government by such organization for loans incurred on or after October 1, 1984, through external borrowings. CONTRIBUTIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL PEACEKEEPING ACTIVITIES For necessary expenses to pay assessed and other expenses of international peacekeeping activities directed to the maintenance or restoration of international peace and security, $1,068,900,000, of which $534,450,000 may remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That none of the funds made available by this Act shall be obligated or expended for any new or expanded United Nations peacekeeping mission unless, at least 15 days in advance of voting for such mission in the United Nations Security Council (or in an emergency as far in advance as is practicable), the Committees on Appropriations are notified of: (1) the estimated cost and duration of the mission, the objectives of the mission, the national interest that will be served, and the exit strategy; and (2) the sources of funds, including any reprogrammings or transfers, that will be used to pay the cost of the new or expanded mission, and the estimated cost in future fiscal years: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for obligation unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations on a peacekeeping mission-by-mission basis that the United Nations is implementing effective policies and procedures to prevent United Nations employees, contractor personnel, and peacekeeping troops serving in such mission from trafficking in persons, exploiting victims of trafficking, or committing acts of sexual exploitation and abuse or other violations of human rights, and to hold accountable individuals who engage in such acts while participating in such mission, including prosecution in their home countries and making information about such prosecutions publicly available on the website of the United Nations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall work with the United Nations and foreign governments contributing peacekeeping troops to implement effective vetting procedures to ensure that such troops have not violated human rights: Provided further, That funds shall be available for peacekeeping expenses unless the Secretary of State determines that United States manufacturers and suppliers are not being given opportunities to provide equipment, services, and material for United Nations peacekeeping activities equal to those being given to foreign manufacturers and suppliers: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading may be used for any United Nations peacekeeping mission that will involve United States Armed Forces under the command or operational control of a foreign national, unless the President's military advisors have submitted to the President a recommendation that such involvement is in the national interest of the United States and the President has submitted to Congress such a recommendation: Provided further, That any payment of arrearages with funds appropriated by this Act shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , That the Secretary of State shall work with the United Nations and members of the United Nations Security Council to evaluate and prioritize peacekeeping missions, and to consider a draw down when mission goals have been substantially achieved. International commissions For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, to meet obligations of the United States arising under treaties, or specific Acts of Congress, as follows: INTERNATIONAL BOUNDARY AND WATER COMMISSION, UNITED STATES AND MEXICO For necessary expenses for the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commission, United States and Mexico, and to comply with laws applicable to the United States Section, including not to exceed $6,000 for representation expenses, as follows: SALARIES AND EXPENSES For salaries and expenses, not otherwise provided for, $81,800,000, of which $12,270,000 may remain available until September 30, 2026. CONSTRUCTION For detailed plan preparation and construction of authorized projects, $168,550,000, to remain available until expended, as authorized: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the United States Section, up to $5,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under the heading Salaries and Expenses to carry out the purposes of the United States Section, which shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. AMERICAN SECTIONS, INTERNATIONAL COMMISSIONS For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided, for the International Joint Commission and the International Boundary Commission, United States and Canada, as authorized by treaties between the United States and Canada or Great Britain, and for grant programs of the North American Development Bank, including technical assistance grants and the Community Assistance Program, $17,300,000: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading for the International Joint Commission, up to $1,250,000 may remain available until September 30, 2026, and up to $9,000 may be made available for representation expenses: Provided further, That of the amount provided under this heading for the International Boundary Commission, up to $1,000 may be made available for representation expenses. INTERNATIONAL FISHERIES COMMISSIONS For necessary expenses for international fisheries commissions, not otherwise provided for, as authorized by law, $65,719,000: Provided, That the United States share of such expenses may be advanced to the respective commissions pursuant to section 3324 of title 31, United States Code. RELATED AGENCY United States agency for global media INTERNATIONAL BROADCASTING OPERATIONS For necessary expenses to enable the United States Agency for Global Media (USAGM), as authorized, to carry out international communication activities, and to make and supervise grants for radio, Internet, and television broadcasting to the Middle East, $798,196,000 (reduced by $16,000,000) (increased by $16,000,000), of which $39,910,000 may remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $35,000,000 shall be made available for the Office of Cuba Broadcasting (OCB): Provided further , That funds made available pursuant to the previous proviso shall be made available for medium- and short-wave broadcasting at not less than the fiscal year 2024 level and in a manner able to reach all provinces in Cuba with daily programming: Provided further , That in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, up to $75,708,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading may remain available until expended for satellite transmissions, global network distribution, and Internet freedom programs, of which not less than $43,500,000 shall be for Internet freedom programs: Provided further , That of the funds appropriated under this heading and made available for the Open Technology Fund, not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for grants for innovative methods to reach audiences inside of Cuba: Provided further , That such funds are in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purposes: Provided further , That of the funds appropriated under this heading and made available for USAGM networks, not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for programming produced about Cuba by OCB, which are in addition to funds otherwise made available for OCB: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $35,000 may be used for representation expenses, of which $10,000 may be used for such expenses within the United States as authorized, and not to exceed $30,000 may be used for representation expenses of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be made available in accordance with the principles and standards set forth in section 303(a) and (b) of the United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994 ( 22 U.S.C. 6202 ) and section 305(b) of such Act ( 22 U.S.C. 6204 ): Provided further, That the USAGM Chief Executive Officer shall notify the Committees on Appropriations within 15 days of any determination by the USAGM that any of its broadcast entities, including its grantee organizations, provides an open platform for international terrorists or those who support international terrorism, or is in violation of the principles and standards set forth in section 303(a) and (b) of such Act or the entity’s journalistic code of ethics: Provided further, That in addition to funds made available under this heading, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, up to $5,000,000 in receipts from advertising and revenue from business ventures, up to $500,000 in receipts from cooperating international organizations, and up to $1,000,000 in receipts from privatization efforts of the Voice of America and the International Broadcasting Bureau, shall remain available until expended for carrying out authorized purposes: Provided further, That significant modifications to USAGM broadcast hours previously justified to Congress, including changes to transmission platforms (shortwave, medium wave, satellite, Internet, and television), for all USAGM language services shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. BROADCASTING CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS For the purchase, rent, construction, repair, preservation, and improvement of facilities for radio, television, and digital transmission and reception; the purchase, rent, and installation of necessary equipment for radio, television, and digital transmission and reception, including to Cuba, as authorized; and physical security worldwide, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, $9,700,000, to remain available until expended, as authorized. RELATED PROGRAMS The asia foundation For a grant to The Asia Foundation, as authorized by The Asia Foundation Act ( 22 U.S.C. 4402 ), $19,580,000, to remain available until expended. United States institute of peace For necessary expenses of the United States Institute of Peace, as authorized by the United States Institute of Peace Act ( 22 U.S.C. 4601 et seq. ), $55,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, which shall not be used for construction activities. Center for middle eastern-Western dialogue trust fund For necessary expenses of the Center for Middle Eastern-Western Dialogue Trust Fund, as authorized by section 633 of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2004 ( 22 U.S.C. 2078 ), the total amount of the interest and earnings accruing to such Fund on or before September 30, 2025, to remain available until expended. Eisenhower exchange fellowship program For necessary expenses of Eisenhower Exchange Fellowships, Incorporated, as authorized by sections 4 and 5 of the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship Act of 1990 ( 20 U.S.C. 5204–5205 ), all interest and earnings accruing to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship Program Trust Fund on or before September 30, 2025, to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated herein shall be used to pay any salary or other compensation, or to enter into any contract providing for the payment thereof, in excess of the rate authorized by section 5376 of title 5, United States Code; or for purposes which are not in accordance with section 200 of title 2 of the Code of Federal Regulations, including the restrictions on compensation for personal services. Israeli arab scholarship program For necessary expenses of the Israeli Arab Scholarship Program, as authorized by section 214 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1992 and 1993 ( 22 U.S.C. 2452 note), all interest and earnings accruing to the Israeli Arab Scholarship Fund on or before September 30, 2025, to remain available until expended. East-West center To enable the Secretary of State to provide for carrying out the provisions of the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Between East and West Act of 1960, by grant to the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Between East and West in the State of Hawaii, $19,580,000. National endowment for democracy For grants made by the Department of State to the National Endowment for Democracy, as authorized by the National Endowment for Democracy Act ( 22 U.S.C. 4412 ), $315,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $210,316,000 shall be allocated in the traditional and customary manner, including for the core institutes, and $104,684,000 shall be for democracy programs: Provided , That the requirements of section 7062(a) of this Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading. OTHER COMMISSIONS Commission for the preservation of america’s heritage abroad SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses for the Commission for the Preservation of America’s Heritage Abroad, as authorized by chapter 3123 of title 54, United States Code, $770,000, of which $115,500 may remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That the Commission may procure temporary, intermittent, and other services notwithstanding paragraph (3) of section 312304(b) of such chapter: Provided further, That such authority shall terminate on October 1, 2025: Provided further, That the Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations prior to exercising such authority. United States commission on international religious freedom SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses for the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom, as authorized by title II of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 ( 22 U.S.C. 6431 et seq. ), $4,850,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses. Commission on security and cooperation in europe SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, as authorized by Public Law 94–304 ( 22 U.S.C. 3001 et seq. ), $3,059,000, including not more than $6,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2026. Congressional-Executive commission on the people's republic of china SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People's Republic of China, as authorized by title III of the U.S.-China Relations Act of 2000 ( 22 U.S.C. 6911 et seq. ), $2,300,000, including not more than $3,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2026. United States-China economic and security review commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission, as authorized by section 1238 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 ( 22 U.S.C. 7002 ), $4,000,000, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That the authorities, requirements, limitations, and conditions contained in the second through fifth provisos under this heading in the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111–117 ) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2025 and shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading. II UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT Funds appropriated to the President OPERATING EXPENSES For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $1,214,808,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000), of which up to $182,221,000 may remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading and under the heading Capital Investment Fund in this title may be made available to finance the construction (including architect and engineering services), purchase, or long-term lease of offices for use by the United States Agency for International Development, unless the USAID Administrator has identified such proposed use of funds in a report submitted to the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days prior to the obligation of funds for such purposes: Provided further, That contracts or agreements entered into with funds appropriated under this heading may entail commitments for the expenditure of such funds through the following fiscal year: Provided further, That the authority of sections 610 and 109 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be exercised by the Secretary of State to transfer funds appropriated to carry out chapter 1 of part I of such Act to Operating Expenses in accordance with the provisions of those sections: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated or made available under this heading, not to exceed $250,000 may be available for representation and entertainment expenses, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be available for entertainment expenses, and not to exceed $100,500 shall be for official residence expenses, for USAID during the current fiscal year: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, up to $20,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated or otherwise made available in title II of this Act under the heading Capital Investment Fund , subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUND For necessary expenses for overseas construction and related costs, and for the procurement and enhancement of information technology and related capital investments, pursuant to section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $259,100,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That this amount is in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $90,000,000, of which up to $19,500,000 may remain available until September 30, 2026, for the Office of Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development. III BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE Funds appropriated to the President For necessary expenses to enable the President to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and for other purposes, as follows: GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of chapters 1 and 10 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, for global health activities, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, $3,623,712,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2028, and which shall be apportioned directly to the United States Agency for International Development: Provided, That this amount shall be made available for training, equipment, and technical assistance to build the capacity of public health institutions and organizations in developing countries, and for such activities as: (1) child survival and maternal health programs; (2) immunization and oral rehydration programs; (3) other health, nutrition, water and sanitation programs which directly address the needs of mothers and children, and related education programs; (4) assistance for children displaced or orphaned by causes other than AIDS; (5) programs for the prevention, treatment, control of, and research on HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, polio, malaria, and other infectious diseases including neglected tropical diseases, and for assistance to communities severely affected by HIV/AIDS, including children infected or affected by AIDS; (6) disaster preparedness training for health crises; (7) programs to prevent, prepare for, and respond to unanticipated and emerging global health threats; and (8) family planning/reproductive health: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this paragraph may be made available for a United States contribution to The GAVI Alliance: Provided further, That none of the funds made available in this Act nor any unobligated balances from prior appropriations Acts may be made available to any organization or program which, as determined by the President of the United States, supports or participates in the management of a program of coercive abortion or involuntary sterilization: Provided further, That any determination made under the previous proviso must be made not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and must be accompanied by the evidence and criteria utilized to make the determination: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this Act may be used to pay for the performance of abortion as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions: Provided further, That nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to alter any existing statutory prohibitions against abortion under section 104 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this Act may be used to lobby for or against abortion: Provided further, That in order to reduce reliance on abortion in developing nations, funds shall be available only to voluntary family planning projects which offer, either directly or through referral to, or information about access to, a broad range of family planning methods and services, and that any such voluntary family planning project shall meet the following requirements: (1) service providers or referral agents in the project shall not implement or be subject to quotas, or other numerical targets, of total number of births, number of family planning acceptors, or acceptors of a particular method of family planning (this provision shall not be construed to include the use of quantitative estimates or indicators for budgeting and planning purposes); (2) the project shall not include payment of incentives, bribes, gratuities, or financial reward to: (A) an individual in exchange for becoming a family planning acceptor; or (B) program personnel for achieving a numerical target or quota of total number of births, number of family planning acceptors, or acceptors of a particular method of family planning; (3) the project shall not deny any right or benefit, including the right of access to participate in any program of general welfare or the right of access to health care, as a consequence of any individual's decision not to accept family planning services; (4) the project shall provide family planning acceptors comprehensible information on the health benefits and risks of the method chosen, including those conditions that might render the use of the method inadvisable and those adverse side effects known to be consequent to the use of the method; and (5) the project shall ensure that experimental contraceptive drugs and devices and medical procedures are provided only in the context of a scientific study in which participants are advised of potential risks and benefits; and, not less than 60 days after the date on which the USAID Administrator determines that there has been a violation of the requirements contained in paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (5) of this proviso, or a pattern or practice of violations of the requirements contained in paragraph (4) of this proviso, the Administrator shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report containing a description of such violation and the corrective action taken by the Agency: Provided further, That in awarding grants for natural family planning under section 104 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 no applicant shall be discriminated against because of such applicant's religious or conscientious commitment to offer only natural family planning; and, additionally, all such applicants shall comply with the requirements of the previous proviso: Provided further, That for purposes of this or any other Act authorizing or appropriating funds for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, the term motivate , as it relates to family planning assistance, shall not be construed to prohibit the provision, consistent with local law, of information or counseling about all pregnancy options: Provided further, That information provided about the use of condoms as part of projects or activities that are funded from amounts appropriated by this Act shall be medically accurate and shall include the public health benefits and failure rates of such use. In addition, for necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for the prevention, treatment, and control of, and research on, HIV/AIDS, $5,645,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029, which shall be apportioned directly to the Department of State: Provided, That funds appropriated under this paragraph may be made available, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except for the United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 ( Public Law 108–25 ), for a United States contribution to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria (Global Fund): Provided further, That the amount of such contribution shall be $1,250,000,000: Provided further, That up to 5 percent of the aggregate amount of funds made available to the Global Fund in fiscal year 2025 may be made available to USAID for technical assistance related to the activities of the Global Fund, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this paragraph, up to $22,000,000 may be made available, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, for administrative expenses of the United States Global AIDS Coordinator, which, consistent with prior years, shall only be made available to support the prevention, treatment, and control of HIV/AIDS. DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of sections 103, 105, 106, 214, and sections 251 through 255, and chapter 10 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $3,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be apportioned to the United States Agency for International Development. INTERNATIONAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 491 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for international disaster relief, rehabilitation, and reconstruction assistance, $3,452,362,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be apportioned to the United States Agency for International Development not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. TRANSITION INITIATIVES For necessary expenses for international disaster rehabilitation and reconstruction assistance administered by the Office of Transition Initiatives, United States Agency for International Development, pursuant to section 491 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and to support transition to democracy and long-term development of countries in crisis, $80,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such support may include assistance to develop, strengthen, or preserve democratic institutions and processes, revitalize basic infrastructure, and foster the peaceful resolution of conflict: Provided further, That the USAID Administrator shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations at least 5 days prior to beginning a new, or terminating a, program of assistance: Provided further, That if the Secretary of State determines that it is important to the national interest of the United States to provide transition assistance in excess of the amount appropriated under this heading, up to $15,000,000 of the funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be used for purposes of this heading and under the authorities applicable to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the previous proviso shall be made available subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. COMPLEX CRISES FUND For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 509(b) of the Global Fragility Act of 2019 (title V of division J of Public Law 116–94 ), $30,000,000 (increased by $30,000,000) (reduced by $30,000,000), to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law, except sections 7007, 7008, and 7018 of this Act and section 620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be apportioned to the United States Agency for International Development. ECONOMIC SUPPORT FUND For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $3,430,888,000 (reduced by $15,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2028. DEMOCRACY FUND For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for the promotion of democracy globally, including to carry out the purposes of section 502(b)(3) and (5) of Public Law 98–164 ( 22 U.S.C. 4411 ), $205,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027, which shall be made available for the Human Rights and Democracy Fund of the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading that are made available to the National Endowment for Democracy and its core institutes are in addition to amounts otherwise made available by this Act for such purposes: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to the initial obligation of funds appropriated under this paragraph. For an additional amount for such purposes, $150,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027, which shall be made available for the Bureau for Democracy, Human Rights, and Governance, United States Agency for International Development. ASSISTANCE FOR EUROPE, EURASIA AND CENTRAL ASIA For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the FREEDOM Support Act ( Public Law 102–511 ), and the Support for Eastern European Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 ( Public Law 101–179 ), $770,334,000 (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $30,000,000) (reduced by $30,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2028, which shall be available, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except section 7047 of this Act, for assistance and related programs for countries identified in section 3 of the FREEDOM Support Act ( 22 U.S.C. 5801 ) and section 3(c) of the SEED Act of 1989 ( 22 U.S.C. 5402 ), in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Global Health Programs , Economic Support Fund , and International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement that are made available for assistance for such countries shall be administered in accordance with the responsibilities of the coordinator designated pursuant to section 102 of the FREEDOM Support Act and section 601 of the SEED Act of 1989: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be considered to be economic assistance under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for purposes of making available the administrative authorities contained in that Act for the use of economic assistance: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for contributions to multilateral initiatives to counter hybrid threats. Department of State MIGRATION AND REFUGEE ASSISTANCE For necessary expenses not otherwise provided for, to enable the Secretary of State to carry out the provisions of section 2(a) and (b) of the Migration and Refugee Assistance Act of 1962 ( 22 U.S.C. 2601 ), and other activities to meet refugee and migration needs; salaries and expenses of personnel and dependents as authorized by the Foreign Service Act of 1980 ( 22 U.S.C. 3901 et seq. ); allowances as authorized by sections 5921 through 5925 of title 5, United States Code; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $2,453,236,000 (reduced by $500,000,000), to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $6,500,000 shall be made available for refugees resettling in Israel. Independent agencies PEACE CORPS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Peace Corps Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2501 et seq. ), including the purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles for administrative purposes for use outside of the United States, $410,500,000 (increased by $20,000,000), of which $7,300,000 (increased by $2,700,000) is for the Office of Inspector General, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That the Director of the Peace Corps may transfer to the Foreign Currency Fluctuations Account, as authorized by section 16 of the Peace Corps Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2515 ), an amount not to exceed $5,000,000: Provided further, That funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso may not be derived from amounts made available for Peace Corps overseas operations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $104,000 may be available for representation expenses, of which not to exceed $4,000 may be made available for entertainment expenses: Provided further, That in addition to the requirements under section 7015(a) of this Act, the Peace Corps shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to any decision to open, close, or suspend a domestic or overseas office or a country program unless there is a substantial risk to volunteers or other Peace Corps personnel: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to pay for abortions: Provided further, That notwithstanding the previous proviso, section 614 of division E of Public Law 113–76 shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading. MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 ( 22 U.S.C. 7701 et seq. ) (MCA), $937,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, up to $146,000,000 may be available for administrative expenses of the Millennium Challenge Corporation: Provided further, That section 605(e) of the MCA ( 22 U.S.C. 7704(e) ) shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for a Millennium Challenge Compact entered into pursuant to section 609 of the MCA ( 22 U.S.C. 7708 ) only if such Compact obligates, or contains a commitment to obligate subject to the availability of funds and the mutual agreement of the parties to the Compact to proceed, the entire amount of the United States Government funding anticipated for the duration of the Compact: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $100,000 may be available for representation and entertainment expenses, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be available for entertainment expenses. INTER-AMERICAN FOUNDATION For necessary expenses to carry out the functions of the Inter-American Foundation in accordance with the provisions of section 401 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1969, $22,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $2,000 may be available for representation expenses. UNITED STATES AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION For necessary expenses to carry out the African Development Foundation Act (title V of Public Law 96–533 ; 22 U.S.C. 290h et seq. ), $30,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which not to exceed $2,000 may be available for representation expenses: Provided, That funds made available to grantees may be invested pending expenditure for project purposes when authorized by the Board of Directors of the United States African Development Foundation (USADF): Provided further, That interest earned shall be used only for the purposes for which the grant was made: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 505(a)(2) of the African Development Foundation Act ( 22 U.S.C. 290h–3(a)(2) ), in exceptional circumstances the Board of Directors of the USADF may waive the $250,000 limitation contained in that section with respect to a project and a project may exceed the limitation by up to 10 percent if the increase is due solely to foreign currency fluctuation: Provided further, That the USADF shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees after each time such waiver authority is exercised: Provided further, That the USADF may make rent or lease payments in advance from appropriations available for such purpose for offices, buildings, grounds, and quarters in Africa as may be necessary to carry out its functions: Provided further, That the USADF may maintain bank accounts outside the United States Treasury and retain any interest earned on such accounts, in furtherance of the purposes of the African Development Foundation Act: Provided further, That the USADF may not withdraw any appropriation from the Treasury prior to the need of spending such funds for program purposes. Department of the treasury INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 129 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may be made available to contract for services as described in section 129(d)(3)(A) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, without regard to the location in which such services are performed. DEBT RESTRUCTURING For Bilateral Economic Assistance—Department of the Treasury—Debt Restructuring there is appropriated $10,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028, for the costs, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of modifying loans and loan guarantees for, or credits extended to, such countries as the President may determine, including the costs of selling, reducing, or canceling amounts owed to the United States pursuant to multilateral debt restructurings, including Paris Club debt restructurings and the Common Framework for Debt Treatments beyond the Debt Service Suspension Initiative : Provided, That such amounts may be used notwithstanding any other provision of law. IV INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE Department of State INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL AND LAW ENFORCEMENT For necessary expenses to carry out section 481 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $1,566,183,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $500,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2028: Provided, That the Department of State may use the authority of section 608 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, without regard to its restrictions, to receive excess property from an agency of the United States Government for the purpose of providing such property to a foreign country or international organization under chapter 8 of part I of such Act, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That section 482(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading, except that any funds made available notwithstanding such section shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be made available to support training and technical assistance for foreign law enforcement, corrections, judges, and other judicial authorities, utilizing regional partners: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading that are transferred to another department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government pursuant to section 632(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 valued in excess of $5,000,000, and any agreement made pursuant to section 632(a) of such Act, shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for Program Development and Support may be made available notwithstanding pre-obligation requirements contained in this Act, except for the notification requirements of section 7015. NONPROLIFERATION, ANTI-TERRORISM, DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS For necessary expenses for nonproliferation, anti-terrorism, demining and related programs and activities, $921,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028, to carry out the provisions of chapter 8 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for anti-terrorism assistance, chapter 9 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 504 of the FREEDOM Support Act ( 22 U.S.C. 5854 ), section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2763 ), or the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for demining activities, the clearance of unexploded ordnance, the destruction of small arms, and related activities, notwithstanding any other provision of law, including activities implemented through nongovernmental and international organizations, and section 301 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for a United States contribution to the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Preparatory Commission, and for a voluntary contribution to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA): Provided, That funds made available under this heading for the Nonproliferation and Disarmament Fund shall be made available, notwithstanding any other provision of law and subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations, to promote bilateral and multilateral activities relating to nonproliferation, disarmament, and weapons destruction, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That such funds may also be used for such countries other than the Independent States of the former Soviet Union and international organizations when it is in the national security interest of the United States to do so: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for the IAEA unless the Secretary of State determines that Israel is being denied its right to participate in the activities of that Agency: Provided further, That funds made available for conventional weapons destruction programs, including demining and related activities, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, may be used for administrative expenses related to the operation and management of such programs and activities, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. PEACEKEEPING OPERATIONS For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 551 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $420,458,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used, notwithstanding section 660 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, to provide assistance to enhance the capacity of foreign civilian security forces, including gendarmes, to participate in peacekeeping operations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $30,000,000 shall be made available for a United States contribution to the Multinational Force and Observers mission in the Sinai: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available to pay assessed expenses of international peacekeeping activities in Somalia under the same terms and conditions, as applicable, as funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Contributions for International Peacekeeping Activities : Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. Funds appropriated to the President INTERNATIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION AND TRAINING For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 541 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $125,425,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2027: Provided, That the civilian personnel for whom military education and training may be provided under this heading may include civilians who are not members of a government whose participation would contribute to improved civil-military relations, civilian control of the military, or respect for human rights: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $3,500,000 shall remain available until expended to increase the participation of women in programs and activities funded under this heading, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $50,000 may be available for entertainment expenses. FOREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PROGRAM For necessary expenses for grants to enable the President to carry out the provisions of section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2763 ), $6,828,049,000 (increased by $30,000,000) (reduced by $30,000,000): Provided, That to expedite the provision of assistance to foreign countries and international organizations, the Secretary of State, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations and subject to the regular notification procedures of such Committees, may use the funds appropriated under this heading to procure defense articles and services to enhance the capacity of foreign security forces: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading shall be nonrepayable notwithstanding any requirement in section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading shall be obligated upon apportionment in accordance with paragraph (5)(C) of section 1501(a) of title 31, United States Code. None of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to finance the procurement of defense articles, defense services, or design and construction services that are not sold by the United States Government under the Arms Export Control Act unless the foreign country proposing to make such procurement has first signed an agreement with the United States Government specifying the conditions under which such procurement may be financed with such funds: Provided, That all country and funding level increases in allocations shall be submitted through the regular notification procedures of section 7015 of this Act: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for demining, the clearance of unexploded ordnance, and related activities, and may include activities implemented through nongovernmental and international organizations: Provided further, That a country that is a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) or is a major non-NATO ally designated by section 517(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may utilize funds made available under this heading for procurement of defense articles, defense services, or design and construction services that are not sold by the United States Government under the Arms Export Control Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be expended at the minimum rate necessary to make timely payment for defense articles and services: Provided further, That not more than $77,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading may be obligated for necessary expenses, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only for use outside of the United States, for the general costs of administering military assistance and sales, except that this limitation may be exceeded only through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State may use funds made available under this heading pursuant to the previous proviso for the administrative and other operational costs of the Department of State related to military assistance and sales, assistance under section 551 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and Department of Defense security assistance programs, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes: Provided further, That up to $2,000,000 of the funds made available pursuant to the previous proviso may be used for direct hire personnel, except that this limitation may be exceeded by the Secretary of State following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading for general costs of administering military assistance and sales, not to exceed $4,000 may be available for entertainment expenses and not to exceed $130,000 may be available for representation expenses: Provided further, That not more than $1,487,254,020 of funds realized pursuant to section 21(e)(1)(A) of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2761(e)(1)(A) ) may be obligated for expenses incurred by the Department of Defense during fiscal year 2025 pursuant to section 43(b) of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2792(b) ), except that this limitation may be exceeded only through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. V MULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE International financial institutions GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT FACILITY For payment to the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development as trustee for the Global Environment Facility by the Secretary of the Treasury, $139,575,000, to remain available until expended. CONTRIBUTION TO THE INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT For payment to the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development by the Secretary of the Treasury for the United States share of the paid-in portion of the increases in capital stock, $206,500,000, to remain available until expended. LIMITATION ON CALLABLE CAPITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS The United States Governor of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development may subscribe without fiscal year limitation to the callable capital portion of the United States share of increases in capital stock in an amount not to exceed $1,421,275,728.70. CONTRIBUTION TO THE INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION For payment to the International Development Association by the Secretary of the Treasury, $1,097,010,000, to remain available until expended. CONTRIBUTION TO THE ASIAN DEVELOPMENT FUND For payment to the Asian Development Bank's Asian Development Fund by the Secretary of the Treasury, $43,610,000, to remain available until expended. CONTRIBUTION TO THE AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK For payment to the African Development Bank by the Secretary of the Treasury for the United States share of the paid-in portion of the increases in capital stock, $32,417,000, to remain available until expended. LIMITATION ON CALLABLE CAPITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS The United States Governor of the African Development Bank may subscribe without fiscal year limitation to the callable capital portion of the United States share of increases in capital stock in an amount not to exceed $856,174,624. CONTRIBUTION TO THE AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FUND For payment to the African Development Fund by the Secretary of the Treasury, $171,300,000, to remain available until expended. CONTRIBUTION TO THE INTERNATIONAL FUND FOR AGRICULTURAL DEVELOPMENT For payment to the International Fund for Agricultural Development by the Secretary of the Treasury, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended. VI EXPORT AND INVESTMENT ASSISTANCE Export-Import bank of the United States INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $9,600,000, of which up to $1,440,000 may remain available until September 30, 2026. PROGRAM ACCOUNT The Export-Import Bank of the United States is authorized to make such expenditures within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to such corporation, and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the program for the current fiscal year for such corporation: Provided, That none of the funds available during the current fiscal year may be used to make expenditures, contracts, or commitments for the export of nuclear equipment, fuel, or technology to any country, other than a nuclear-weapon state as defined in Article IX of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons eligible to receive economic or military assistance under this Act, that has detonated a nuclear explosive after the date of enactment of this Act. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES For administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan and insurance programs, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and not to exceed $30,000 for official reception and representation expenses for members of the Board of Directors, not to exceed $125,000,000, of which up to $18,750,000 may remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That the Export-Import Bank (the Bank) may accept, and use, payment or services provided by transaction participants for legal, financial, or technical services in connection with any transaction for which an application for a loan, guarantee or insurance commitment has been made: Provided further, That notwithstanding subsection (b) of section 117 of the Export Enhancement Act of 1992, subsection (a) of such section shall remain in effect until September 30, 2025: Provided further, That the Bank shall charge fees for necessary expenses (including special services performed on a contract or fee basis, but not including other personal services) in connection with the collection of moneys owed the Bank, repossession or sale of pledged collateral or other assets acquired by the Bank in satisfaction of moneys owed the Bank, or the investigation or appraisal of any property, or the evaluation of the legal, financial, or technical aspects of any transaction for which an application for a loan, guarantee or insurance commitment has been made, or systems infrastructure directly supporting transactions: Provided further, That in addition to other funds appropriated for administrative expenses, such fees shall be credited to this account for such purposes, to remain available until expended. PROGRAM BUDGET APPROPRIATIONS For the cost of direct loans, loan guarantees, insurance, and tied-aid grants as authorized by section 10 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended, not to exceed $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds shall remain available until September 30, 2040, for the disbursement of direct loans, loan guarantees, insurance and tied-aid grants obligated in fiscal years 2025 through 2028. RECEIPTS COLLECTED Receipts collected pursuant to the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 ( Public Law 79–173 ) and the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, in an amount not to exceed the amount appropriated herein, shall be credited as offsetting collections to this account: Provided, That the sums herein appropriated from the General Fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis by such offsetting collections so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the General Fund estimated at $0. United States international development finance corporation INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $8,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. CORPORATE CAPITAL ACCOUNT The United States International Development Finance Corporation (the Corporation) is authorized to make such expenditures and commitments within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accordance with the law, and to make such expenditures and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs for the current fiscal year for the Corporation: Provided, That for necessary expenses of the activities described in subsections (b), (c), (e), (f), and (g) of section 1421 of the BUILD Act of 2018 (division F of Public Law 115–254 ) and for administrative expenses to carry out authorized activities described in section 1434(d) of such Act, $769,029,000: Provided further, That of the amount provided— (1) $198,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027, for administrative expenses to carry out authorized activities (including an amount for official reception and representation expenses which shall not exceed $25,000); and (2) $571,029,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027, for the activities described in subsections (b), (c), (e), (f), and (g) of section 1421 of the BUILD Act of 2018, except such amounts obligated in a fiscal year for activities described in section 1421(c) of such Act shall remain available for disbursement for the term of the underlying project: Provided further, That amounts made available under this paragraph may be paid to the United States International Development Finance Corporation—Program Account for programs authorized by subsections (b), (e), (f), and (g) of section 1421 of the BUILD Act of 2018: Provided further, That funds may only be obligated pursuant to section 1421(g) of the BUILD Act of 2018 subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for support by the Corporation in upper-middle income countries shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2025 collections of amounts described in section 1434(h) of the BUILD Act of 2018 shall be credited as offsetting collections to this appropriation: Provided further, That such collections collected in fiscal year 2025 in excess of $769,029,000 shall be credited to this account and shall be available in future fiscal years only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2025, if such collections are less than $769,029,000, receipts collected pursuant to the BUILD Act of 2018 and the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, in an amount equal to such shortfall, shall be credited as offsetting collections to this appropriation: Provided further, That fees charged for project-specific transaction costs as described in section 1434(k) of the BUILD Act of 2018, and other direct costs associated with origination or monitoring services provided to specific or potential investors, shall not be considered administrative expenses for the purposes of this heading: Provided further, That such fees shall be credited to this account for such purposes, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading may not be used to provide any type of assistance that is otherwise prohibited by any other provision of law or to provide assistance to any foreign country that is otherwise prohibited by any other provision of law: Provided further, That the sums herein appropriated from the General Fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis by the offsetting collections described under this heading so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the General Fund estimated at $354,029,000. PROGRAM ACCOUNT Amounts paid from United States International Development Finance Corporation—Corporate Capital Account (CCA) shall remain available until September 30, 2027: Provided, That amounts paid to this account from CCA or transferred to this account pursuant to section 1434(j) of the BUILD Act of 2018 (division F of Public Law 115–254 ) shall be available for the costs of direct and guaranteed loans provided by the Corporation pursuant to section 1421(b) of such Act and the costs of modifying loans and loan guarantees transferred to the Corporation pursuant to section 1463 of such Act: Provided further, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such amounts obligated in a fiscal year shall remain available for disbursement for the following 8 fiscal years: Provided further, That funds made available in this Act and transferred to carry out the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 pursuant to section 1434(j) of the BUILD Act of 2018 may remain available for obligation for 1 additional fiscal year: Provided further, That the total loan principal or guaranteed principal amount shall not exceed $12,000,000,000. Trade and development agency For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 661 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $87,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not more than $5,000 may be available for representation and entertainment expenses: Provided further , That the United States Trade and Development Agency may promote United States private sector participation in development projects in any country in which the United States Government has strategic foreign policy goals or national security interests, subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. VII GENERAL PROVISIONS ALLOWANCES AND DIFFERENTIALS 7001. Funds appropriated under title I of this Act shall be available, except as otherwise provided, for allowances and differentials as authorized by sub chapter 59 of title 5, United States Code; for services as authorized by section 3109 of such title and for hire of passenger transportation pursuant to section 1343(b) of title 31, United States Code. UNOBLIGATED BALANCES REPORT 7002. Any department or agency of the United States Government to which funds are appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations a quarterly accounting of cumulative unobligated balances and obligated, but unexpended, balances by program, project, and activity, and Treasury Account Fund Symbol of all funds received by such department or agency in fiscal year 2025 or any previous fiscal year, disaggregated by fiscal year: Provided, That the report required by this section shall be submitted not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter and should specify by account the amount of funds obligated pursuant to bilateral agreements which have not been further sub-obligated. CONSULTING SERVICES 7003. The expenditure of any appropriation under title I of this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract, pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. DIPLOMATIC FACILITIES 7004. (a) Capital security cost sharing exception Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of section 604(e) of the Secure Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (title VI of division A of H.R. 3427, as enacted into law by section 1000(a)(7) of Public Law 106–113 and contained in appendix G of that Act), as amended by section 111 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–323 ), a project to construct a facility of the United States may include office space or other accommodations for members of the United States Marine Corps. (b) Consultation and notifications Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, which may be made available for the acquisition of property or award of construction contracts for overseas United States diplomatic facilities during fiscal year 2025, shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That notifications pursuant to this subsection shall include the information enumerated under this section in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations at the early project development stage for out-year construction projects, including to discuss security and non-security construction requirements, modifications to scope, and cost reductions identified for such projects, consistent with applicable laws and regulations: Provided further, That the Secretary shall submit a quarterly report to the Committees on Appropriations on contingency savings identified from funds appropriated under the heading Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance by prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, and the obligation of funds made available by such savings shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (c) Interim and temporary facilities abroad (1) Security vulnerabilities Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance may be made available, following consultation with the appropriate congressional committees, to address security vulnerabilities at interim and temporary United States diplomatic facilities abroad, including physical security upgrades and local guard staffing. (2) Consultation Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the opening, closure, or any significant modification to an interim or temporary United States diplomatic facility shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, except that such consultation and notification may be waived if there is a security risk to personnel. (d) Soft targets Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance may be made available for security upgrades to soft targets, including schools, recreational facilities, residences, and places of worship used by United States diplomatic personnel and their dependents. (e) Facilities None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to move the United States embassy in Israel to a location other than Jerusalem. PERSONNEL ACTIONS 7005. Any costs incurred by a department or agency funded under title I of this Act resulting from personnel actions taken in response to funding reductions included in this Act shall be absorbed within the total budgetary resources available under title I to such department or agency: Provided, That the authority to transfer funds between appropriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addition to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That use of funds to carry out this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 7015 of this Act. PROHIBITION ON PUBLICITY OR PROPAGANDA 7006. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes within the United States not authorized before enactment of this Act by Congress: Provided, That up to $25,000 may be made available to carry out the provisions of section 316 of the International Security and Development Cooperation Act of 1980 ( Public Law 96–533 ; 22 U.S.C. 2151a note). PROHIBITION AGAINST DIRECT FUNDING FOR CERTAIN COUNTRIES 7007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act shall be obligated or expended to finance directly any assistance or reparations for the governments of Cuba, North Korea, Iran, or Syria: Provided, That for purposes of this section, the prohibition on obligations or expenditures shall include direct loans, credits, insurance, and guarantees of the Export-Import Bank or its agents. COUPS D’ÉTAT 7008. (a) Prohibition None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act shall be obligated or expended to finance directly any assistance to the government of any country whose duly elected head of government is deposed by military coup d'état or decree or, after the date of enactment of this Act, a coup d'état or decree in which the military plays a decisive role: Provided, That assistance may be resumed to such government if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that subsequent to the termination of assistance a democratically elected government has taken office: Provided further, That the provisions of this section shall not apply to assistance to promote democratic elections or public participation in democratic processes, or to support a democratic transition: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the previous provisos shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (b) Waiver The Secretary of State, following consultation with the heads of relevant Federal agencies, may waive the restriction in this section on a program-by-program basis if the Secretary certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such waiver is in the national security interest of the United States: Provided, That funds made available pursuant to such waiver shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. TRANSFER OF FUNDS AUTHORITY 7009. (a) Department of state and united states agency for global media (1) Department of state (A) In general Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of State under title I of this Act may be transferred between, and merged with, such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers, and no such transfer may be made to increase the appropriation under the heading Representation Expenses . (B) Embassy security Funds appropriated under the headings Diplomatic Programs , including for Worldwide Security Protection, Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance , and Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service in this Act may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under such headings if the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is necessary to implement the recommendations of the Benghazi Accountability Review Board, for emergency evacuations, or to prevent or respond to security situations and requirements, subject to the regular notification procedures of such Committees. (C) Emergencies in the diplomatic and consular service Of the amount made available under the heading Diplomatic Programs for Worldwide Security Protection, not to exceed $50,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available by this Act under the heading Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service , to be available only for emergency evacuations and rewards, as authorized. (D) Capital investment fund Of the amount made available under the heading, Diplomatic Programs , up to $50,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available in title I of this Act under the heading Capital Investment Fund . (E) Prior consultation The transfer authorities provided by subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) are in addition to any transfer authority otherwise available in this Act and under any other provision of law and the exercise of such authority shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (2) United states agency for global media Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the United States Agency for Global Media under title I of this Act may be transferred between, and merged with, such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. (3) Treatment as reprogramming Any transfer pursuant to this subsection shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 7015 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. (b) Limitation on transfers of funds between agencies (1) In general None of the funds made available under titles II through V of this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. (2) Allocation and transfers Notwithstanding paragraph (1), in addition to transfers made by, or authorized elsewhere in, this Act, funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the purposes of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be allocated or transferred to agencies of the United States Government pursuant to the provisions of sections 109, 610, and 632 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and section 1434(j) of the BUILD Act of 2018 (division F of Public Law 115–254 ). (3) Notification Any agreement entered into by the United States Agency for International Development or the Department of State with any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government pursuant to section 632(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 valued in excess of $1,000,000 and any agreement made pursuant to section 632(a) of such Act, with funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings Global Health Programs , Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , and Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That the requirement in the previous sentence shall not apply to agreements entered into between USAID and the Department of State. (c) United states international development finance corporation (1) Transfers Amounts transferred pursuant to section 1434(j) of the BUILD Act of 2018 (division F of Public Law 115–254 ) may only be transferred from funds made available under title III of this Act: Provided, That any such transfers, or any other amounts transferred to the United States International Development Finance Corporation (the Corporation) pursuant to any provision of law, shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, as appropriate, shall ensure that the programs funded by such transfers are coordinated with, and complement, foreign assistance programs implemented by the Department of State and USAID. (2) Transfer of funds from millennium challenge corporation Funds appropriated under the heading Millennium Challenge Corporation in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be transferred to accounts under the heading United States International Development Finance Corporation and, when so transferred, may be used for the costs of activities described in subsections (b) and (c) of section 1421 of the BUILD Act of 2018: Provided, That such funds shall be subject to the limitations provided in the second, third, and fifth provisos under the heading United States International Development Finance Corporation—Program Account in this Act: Provided further, That any transfer executed pursuant to the transfer authority provided in this paragraph shall not exceed 10 percent of an individual Compact awarded pursuant to section 609(a) of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (title VI of Public Law 108–199 ): Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for administrative expenses of the United States International Development Finance Corporation: Provided further, That such authority shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That within 60 days of the termination in whole or in part of the Compact from which funds were transferred under this authority to the United States International Development Finance Corporation, any unobligated balances shall be transferred back to the Millennium Challenge Corporation, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (d) Transfer of funds between accounts None of the funds made available under titles II through V of this Act may be obligated under an appropriations account to which such funds were not appropriated, except for transfers specifically provided for in this Act, unless the President, not less than 5 days prior to the exercise of any authority contained in the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to transfer funds, consults with and provides a written policy justification to the Committees on Appropriations. (e) Audit of inter-Agency transfers of funds Any agreement for the transfer or allocation of funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs entered into between the Department of State or USAID and another agency of the United States Government under the authority of section 632(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, or any comparable provision of law, shall expressly provide that the Inspector General (IG) for the agency receiving the transfer or allocation of such funds, or other entity with audit responsibility if the receiving agency does not have an IG, shall perform periodic program and financial audits of the use of such funds and report to the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate, upon completion of such audits: Provided, That such audits shall be transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations by the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate: Provided further, That funds transferred under such authority may be made available for the cost of such audits. PROHIBITION AND LIMITATION ON CERTAIN EXPENSES 7010. (a) First-Class travel None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for first-class travel by employees of United States Government departments and agencies funded by this Act in contravention of section 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) Computer networks None of the funds made available by this Act for the operating expenses of any United States Government department or agency may be used to establish or maintain a computer network for use by such department or agency unless such network has filters designed to block access to sexually explicit websites: Provided, That nothing in this subsection shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency, or any other entity carrying out the following activities: criminal investigations, prosecutions, and adjudications; administrative discipline; and the monitoring of such websites undertaken as part of official business. (c) Prohibition on promotion of tobacco None of the funds made available by this Act should be available to promote the sale or export of tobacco or tobacco products (including electronic nicotine delivery systems), or to seek the reduction or removal by any foreign country of restrictions on the marketing of tobacco or tobacco products (including electronic nicotine delivery systems), except for restrictions which are not applied equally to all tobacco or tobacco products (including electronic nicotine delivery systems) of the same type. (d) Email servers outside the .gov domain None of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Diplomatic Programs and Capital Investment Fund in title I, and Operating Expenses and Capital Investment Fund in title II that are made available to the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development may be made available to support the use or establishment of email accounts or email servers created outside the .gov domain or not fitted for automated records management as part of a Federal government records management program in contravention of the Presidential and Federal Records Act Amendments of 2014 ( Public Law 113–187 ). (e) Representation and entertainment expenses Each Federal department, agency, or entity funded in titles I or II of this Act, and the Department of the Treasury and independent agencies funded in titles III or VI of this Act, shall take steps to ensure that domestic and overseas representation and entertainment expenses further official agency business and United States foreign policy interests, and— (1) are primarily for fostering relations outside of the Executive Branch; (2) are principally for meals and events of a protocol nature; (3) are not for employee-only events; and (4) do not include activities that are substantially of a recreational character. (f) Limitations on entertainment expenses None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the headings International Military Education and Training or Foreign Military Financing Program for Informational Program activities or under the headings Global Health Programs , Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , and Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia may be obligated or expended to pay for— (1) alcoholic beverages; or (2) entertainment expenses for activities that are substantially of a recreational character, including entrance fees at sporting events, theatrical and musical productions, and amusement parks. Assistance Effectiveness and Transparency 7011. (a) Strategy (1) In General Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a multi-year strategy to improve the effectiveness of United States foreign assistance. (2) Elements The strategy required by this subsection shall include— (A) methods used to determine the effectiveness of United States assistance; (B) analysis on using outcomes to inform the allocation of such assistance; (C) results of impact evaluations carried out within the prior 12 months and a plan for incorporating the results of such evaluations into the design of future programs funded by such assistance; and (D) estimated costs associated with implementation of the strategy. (3) Concurrent recommendations The Secretary and Administrator shall— (A) convene a panel of experts and practitioners to make recommendations for the strategy required by this subsection; and (B) include all such recommendations in an appendix to the strategy whether or not they were incorporated into the strategy. (4) Consultation Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and Administrator shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the requirements of this subsection. (b) Beneficiary feedback Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for monitoring and evaluation of assistance under the headings Development Assistance , International Disaster Assistance , and Migration and Refugee Assistance shall be made available for the regular and systematic collection of feedback obtained directly from beneficiaries to enhance the quality and relevance of such assistance: Provided , That the Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall regularly conduct oversight to ensure that such feedback is collected and used by implementing partners to maximize the cost-effectiveness and utility of such assistance. (c) Evaluations Of the funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV, not less than $25,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be made available for impact evaluations, including ex-post evaluations, of the effectiveness and sustainability of United States Government-funded assistance programs: Provided , That of the funds made available pursuant to this paragraph, $20,000,000 shall be administered in coordination with the Office of the Chief Economist, USAID, and may be used for administrative expenses of such Office: Provided further , That funds made available pursuant to this paragraph are in addition to funds otherwise made available for such purposes. (d) Notification requirement An obligation in excess of $2,000,000 from deobligated balances of funds appropriated by prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that remain available due to the exercise of the authority in section 7011 of such Acts shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (e) Foreign assistance website Funds appropriated by this Act under titles I and II, and funds made available for any independent agency in title III, as appropriate, shall be made available to support the provision of additional information on United States Government foreign assistance on the ForeignAssistance.gov website: Provided , That all Federal agencies funded under this Act shall provide such information on foreign assistance, upon request and in a timely manner, to the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development. LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE TO COUNTRIES IN DEFAULT 7012. No part of any appropriation provided under titles III through VI in this Act shall be used to furnish assistance to the government of any country which is in default during a period in excess of 1 calendar year in payment to the United States of principal or interest on any loan made to the government of such country by the United States pursuant to a program for which funds are appropriated under this Act unless the President determines, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations, that assistance for such country is in the national interest of the United States. PROHIBITION ON TAXATION OF UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE 7013. (a) Prohibition on taxation None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be made available to provide assistance for a foreign country under a new bilateral agreement governing the terms and conditions under which such assistance is to be provided unless such agreement includes a provision stating that assistance provided by the United States shall be exempt from taxation, or reimbursed, by the foreign government, and the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall expeditiously seek to negotiate amendments to existing bilateral agreements, as necessary, to conform with this requirement. (b) Notification and reimbursement of foreign taxes An amount equivalent to 200 percent of the total taxes assessed during fiscal year 2025 on funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs by a foreign government or entity against United States assistance programs, either directly or through grantees, contractors, and subcontractors, shall be withheld from obligation from funds appropriated for assistance for fiscal year 2026 and for prior fiscal years and allocated for the central government of such country or for the West Bank and Gaza program, as applicable, if, not later than September 30, 2026, such taxes have not been reimbursed. (c) De minimis exception Foreign taxes of a de minimis nature shall not be subject to the provisions of subsection (b). (d) Reprogramming of funds Funds withheld from obligation for each foreign government or entity pursuant to subsection (b) shall be reprogrammed for assistance for countries which do not assess taxes on United States assistance or which have an effective arrangement that is providing substantial reimbursement of such taxes, and that can reasonably accommodate such assistance in a programmatically responsible manner. (e) Determinations (1) In general The provisions of this section shall not apply to any foreign government or entity that assesses such taxes if the Secretary of State reports to the Committees on Appropriations that— (A) such foreign government or entity has an effective arrangement that is providing substantial reimbursement of such taxes; or (B) the foreign policy interests of the United States outweigh the purpose of this section to ensure that United States assistance is not subject to taxation. (2) Consultation The Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days prior to exercising the authority of this subsection with regard to any foreign government or entity. (f) Implementation The Secretary of State shall issue and update rules, regulations, or policy guidance, as appropriate, to implement the prohibition against the taxation of assistance contained in this section. (g) Definitions As used in this section: (1) Bilateral agreement The term bilateral agreement refers to a framework bilateral agreement between the Government of the United States and the government of the country receiving assistance that describes the privileges and immunities applicable to United States foreign assistance for such country generally, or an individual agreement between the Government of the United States and such government that describes, among other things, the treatment for tax purposes that will be accorded the United States assistance provided under that agreement. (2) Taxes and taxation The term taxes and taxation shall include value added taxes and customs duties but shall not include individual income taxes assessed to local staff. RESERVATIONS OF FUNDS 7014. (a) Extension of availability The original period of availability of funds appropriated by this Act and administered by the Department of State or the United States Agency for International Development that are specifically designated for particular programs or activities by this or any other Act may be extended for an additional fiscal year if the Secretary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, determines and reports promptly to the Committees on Appropriations that the termination of assistance to a country or a significant change in circumstances makes it unlikely that such designated funds can be obligated during the original period of availability: Provided, That such designated funds that continue to be available for an additional fiscal year shall be obligated only for the purpose of such designation. (b) Other acts Ceilings and specifically designated funding levels contained in this Act shall not be applicable to funds or authorities appropriated or otherwise made available by any subsequent Act unless such Act specifically so directs: Provided, That specifically designated funding levels or minimum funding requirements contained in any other Act shall not be applicable to funds appropriated by this Act. NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS 7015. (a) Notification of changes in programs, projects, and activities None of the funds made available in titles I, II, and VI, and under the headings Peace Corps and Millennium Challenge Corporation , of this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs to the departments and agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation in fiscal year 2025, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees or of currency reflows or other offsetting collections, or made available by transfer, to the departments and agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation to— (1) create new programs; (2) suspend or eliminate a program, project, or activity; (3) close, suspend, open, or reopen a mission or post; (4) create, close, reorganize, downsize, or rename bureaus, centers, or offices; or (5) contract out or privatize any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless previously justified to the Committees on Appropriations or such Committees are notified 15 days in advance of such obligation. (b) Notification of reprogramming of funds None of the funds provided under titles I, II, and VI of this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, to the departments and agencies funded under such titles that remain available for obligation in fiscal year 2025, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the department and agency funded under title I of this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure for programs, projects, or activities through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $1,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments or changes existing programs, projects, or activities; (2) relocates an existing office or employees; (3) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as approved by Congress; or (4) results from any general savings, including savings from a reduction in personnel, which would result in a change in existing programs, projects, or activities as approved by Congress; unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds. (c) Notification requirement None of the funds made available by this Act under the headings Global Health Programs , Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , Democracy Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , Peace Corps , Millennium Challenge Corporation , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs , Peacekeeping Operations , International Military Education and Training , Foreign Military Financing Program , United States International Development Finance Corporation , and Trade and Development Agency shall be available for obligation for programs, projects, activities, type of materiel assistance, countries, or other operations not justified or in excess of the amount justified to the Committees on Appropriations for obligation under any of these specific headings unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such obligation: Provided, That the President shall not enter into any commitment of funds appropriated for the purposes of section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act for the provision of major defense equipment, other than conventional ammunition, or other major defense items defined to be aircraft, ships, missiles, or combat vehicles, not previously justified to Congress or 20 percent in excess of the quantities justified to Congress unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such commitment: Provided further, That requirements of this subsection or any similar provision of this or any other Act shall not apply to any reprogramming for a program, project, or activity for which funds are appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act of less than 10 percent of the amount previously justified to Congress for obligation for such program, project, or activity for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That any notification submitted pursuant to subsection (f) of this section shall include information (if known on the date of transmittal of such notification) on the use of notwithstanding authority. (d) Department of defense programs and funding notifications (1) Programs None of the funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available to support or continue any program initially funded under any authority of title 10, United States Code, or any Act making or authorizing appropriations for the Department of Defense, unless the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, submits a justification to such Committees that includes a description of, and the estimated costs associated with, the support or continuation of such program. (2) Funding Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds transferred by the Department of Defense to the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development for assistance for foreign countries and international organizations shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (3) Notification on excess defense articles Prior to providing excess Department of Defense articles in accordance with section 516(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the Department of Defense shall notify the Committees on Appropriations to the same extent and under the same conditions as other committees pursuant to subsection (f) of that section: Provided, That before issuing a letter of offer to sell excess defense articles under the Arms Export Control Act, the Department of Defense shall notify the Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the regular notification procedures of such Committees if such defense articles are significant military equipment (as defined in section 47(9) of the Arms Export Control Act) or are valued (in terms of original acquisition cost) at $7,000,000 or more, or if notification is required elsewhere in this Act for the use of appropriated funds for specific countries that would receive such excess defense articles: Provided further, That such Committees shall also be informed of the original acquisition cost of such defense articles. (e) Waiver The requirements of this section or any similar provision of this Act or any other Act, including any prior Act requiring notification in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, may be waived if failure to do so would pose a substantial risk to human health or welfare: Provided, That in case of any such waiver, notification to the Committees on Appropriations shall be provided as early as practicable, but in no event later than 3 days after taking the action to which such notification requirement was applicable, in the context of the circumstances necessitating such waiver: Provided further, That any notification provided pursuant to such a waiver shall contain an explanation of the emergency circumstances. (f) Country notification requirements None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance for Afghanistan, Burma, Cambodia, Colombia, Cuba, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, Mexico, Nicaragua, Pakistan, the Russian Federation, Somalia, South Africa, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, Tunisia, Ukraine, Venezuela, Yemen, and Zimbabwe except as provided through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (g) Trust funds Funds appropriated or otherwise made available in title III of this Act and prior Acts making funds available for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for a trust fund held by an international financial institution shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, and such notification shall include the information specified under this section in the report accompanying this Act. (h) Other program notification requirements (1) Other programs Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for the following programs and activities shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: (A) the Global Engagement Center; (B) the Power Africa and Prosper Africa initiatives; (C) funds made available under the headings International Disaster Assistance and Migration and Refugee Assistance that are made available to a country listed in section 7007 of this Act; (D) the Prevention and Stabilization Fund and the Multi-Donor Global Fragility Fund; (E) the Countering PRC Influence Fund and the Countering Russian Influence Fund; (F) assistance made available pursuant to section 7059 of this Act; and (G) funds specifically allocated for the Partnership for Global Infrastructure and Investment. (2) Democracy program policy and procedures Modifications to democracy program policy and procedures, including relating to the use of consortia, by the Department of State and USAID shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (3) Arms sales The reports, notifications, and certifications, and any other documents, required to be submitted pursuant to section 36(a) of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2776 ), and such documents submitted pursuant to section 36(b) through (d) of such Act with respect to countries that have received assistance provided with funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall be concurrently submitted to the Committees on Appropriations and shall include information about the source of funds for any sale or transfer, as applicable, if known at the time of submission. (i) Withholding of funds Funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV that are withheld from obligation or otherwise not programmed as a result of application of a provision of law in this or any other Act shall, if reprogrammed, be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (j) Requirement to inform The Secretary of State and USAID Administrator, as applicable, shall promptly inform the appropriate congressional committees of each instance in which funds appropriated by this Act for assistance have been diverted or destroyed, to include the type and amount of assistance, a description of the incident and parties involved, and an explanation of the response of the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate. DOCUMENTS, REPORT POSTING, RECORDS MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED CYBERSECURITY PROTECTIONS 7016. (a) Document requests None of the funds appropriated or made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act shall be available to a nongovernmental organization, including any contractor, which fails to provide upon timely request any document, file, or record necessary to the auditing requirements of the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development. (b) Public posting of reports (1) Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), any report required by this Act to be submitted to Congress by any Federal agency receiving funds made available by this Act shall be posted on the public website of such agency not later than 45 days following the receipt of such report by Congress. (2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a report if— (A) the head of such agency determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations in the transmittal letter accompanying such report that— (i) the public posting of the report would compromise national security, including the conduct of diplomacy; or (ii) the report contains proprietary or other privileged information; or (B) the public posting of the report is specifically exempted in the report accompanying this Act. (3) The agency posting such report shall do so only after the report has been made available to the Committees on Appropriations. (4) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so in a central location on the public website of such agency. (c) Records management and related cybersecurity protections The Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall— (1) regularly review and update the policies, directives, and oversight necessary to comply with Federal statutes, regulations, and presidential executive orders and memoranda concerning the preservation of all records made or received in the conduct of official business, including record emails, instant messaging, and other online tools; (2) use funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Diplomatic Programs and Capital Investment Fund in title I, and Operating Expenses and Capital Investment Fund in title II, as appropriate, to improve Federal records management pursuant to the Federal Records Act (44 U.S.C. Chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33) and other applicable Federal records management statutes, regulations, or policies for the Department of State and USAID; (3) direct departing employees, including senior officials, that all Federal records generated by such employees belong to the Federal Government; (4) substantially reduce, compared to the previous fiscal year, the response time for identifying and retrieving Federal records, including requests made pursuant to section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act ); and (5) strengthen cybersecurity measures to mitigate vulnerabilities, including those resulting from the use of personal email accounts or servers outside the .gov domain, improve the process to identify and remove inactive user accounts, update and enforce guidance related to the control of national security information, and implement the recommendations of the applicable reports of the cognizant Office of Inspector General. USE OF FUNDS IN CONTRAVENTION OF THIS ACT 7017. If the President makes a determination not to comply with any provision of this Act on constitutional grounds, the head of the relevant Federal agency shall notify the Committees on Appropriations in writing within 5 days of such determination, the basis for such determination and any resulting changes to program or policy. PROHIBITION ON FUNDING FOR ABORTIONS AND INVOLUNTARY STERILIZATION 7018. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the performance of abortions as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the performance of involuntary sterilization as a method of family planning or to coerce or provide any financial incentive to any person to undergo sterilizations. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for any biomedical research which relates in whole or in part, to methods of, or the performance of, abortions or involuntary sterilization as a means of family planning. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be obligated or expended for any country or organization if the President certifies that the use of these funds by any such country or organization would violate any of the above provisions related to abortions and involuntary sterilizations. ALLOCATIONS AND REPORTS 7019. (a) Allocation tables Subject to subsection (b), funds appropriated by this Act under titles III through V shall be made available in the amounts specifically designated in the respective tables included in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such designated amounts for foreign countries and international organizations shall serve as the amounts for such countries and international organizations transmitted to Congress in the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and shall be made available for such foreign countries and international organizations notwithstanding the date of the transmission of such report. (b) Authorized deviations Unless otherwise provided for by this Act, the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as applicable, may only deviate up to 5 percent from the amounts specifically designated in the respective tables included in the report accompanying this Act. (c) Limitation For specifically designated amounts that are included, pursuant to subsection (a), in the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, deviations authorized by subsection (b) may only take place after submission of such report. (d) Exceptions Subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to— (1) funds for which the initial period of availability has expired; and (2) amounts designated by this Act as minimum funding requirements. (e) Reports The Secretary of State, USAID Administrator, and other designated officials, as appropriate, shall submit the reports required, in the manner described, in the report accompanying this Act. (f) Clarification Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings International Disaster Assistance and Migration and Refugee Assistance shall not be included for purposes of meeting amounts designated for countries in this Act, unless such headings are specifically designated as the source of funds. MULTI-YEAR PLEDGES 7020. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to make any pledge for future year funding for any multilateral or bilateral program funded in titles III through VI of this Act unless such pledge was: (1) previously justified, including the projected future year costs, in a congressional budget justification; (2) included in an Act making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs or previously authorized by an Act of Congress; (3) notified in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, including the projected future year costs; or (4) the subject of prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations and such consultation was conducted at least 7 days in advance of the pledge. PROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE TO GOVERNMENTS SUPPORTING INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM 7021. (a) Lethal military equipment exports (1) Prohibition None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under titles III through VI of this Act may be made available to any foreign government which provides lethal military equipment to a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined supports international terrorism for purposes of section 1754(c) of the Export Reform Control Act of 2018 ( 50 U.S.C. 4813(c) ): Provided, That the prohibition under this section with respect to a foreign government shall terminate 12 months after that government ceases to provide such military equipment: Provided further, That this section applies with respect to lethal military equipment provided under a contract entered into after October 1, 1997. (2) Determination Assistance restricted by paragraph (1) or any other similar provision of law, may be furnished if the President determines that to do so is important to the national interest of the United States. (3) Report Whenever the President makes a determination pursuant to paragraph (2), the President shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report with respect to the furnishing of such assistance, including a detailed explanation of the assistance to be provided, the estimated dollar amount of such assistance, and an explanation of how the assistance furthers the United States national interest. (b) Bilateral assistance (1) Limitations Funds appropriated for bilateral assistance in titles III through VI of this Act and funds appropriated under any such title in prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall not be made available to any foreign government which the President determines— (A) grants sanctuary from prosecution to any individual or group which has committed an act of international terrorism; (B) otherwise supports international terrorism; or (C) is controlled by an organization designated as a terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1189 ). (2) Waiver The President may waive the application of paragraph (1) to a government if the President determines that national security or humanitarian reasons justify such waiver: Provided, That the President shall publish each such waiver in the Federal Register and, at least 15 days before the waiver takes effect, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the waiver (including the justification for the waiver) in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. AUTHORIZATION REQUIREMENTS 7022. Funds appropriated by this Act, except funds appropriated under the heading Trade and Development Agency , may be obligated and expended notwithstanding section 10 of Public Law 91–672 ( 22 U.S.C. 2412 ), section 15 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 ( 22 U.S.C. 2680 ), section 313 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 ( 22 U.S.C. 6212 ), and section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1) ). DEFINITION OF PROGRAM, PROJECT, AND ACTIVITY 7023. For the purpose of titles II through VI of this Act, program, project, and activity shall be defined at the appropriations Act account level and shall include all appropriations and authorizations Acts funding directives, ceilings, and limitations with the exception that for the Economic Support Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , and Foreign Military Financing Program accounts, program, project, and activity shall also be considered to include country, regional, and central program level funding within each such account, and for the development assistance accounts of the United States Agency for International Development, program, project, and activity shall also be considered to include central, country, regional, and program level funding, either as— (1) justified to Congress; or (2) allocated by the Executive Branch in accordance with the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or as modified pursuant to section 7019 of this Act. AUTHORITIES FOR THE PEACE CORPS, INTER-AMERICAN FOUNDATION, AND UNITED STATES AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION 7024. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, provisions of this or any other Act, including provisions contained in prior Acts authorizing or making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall not be construed to prohibit activities authorized by or conducted under the Peace Corps Act, the Inter-American Foundation Act, or the African Development Foundation Act: Provided, That prior to conducting activities in a country for which assistance is prohibited, the agency shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations and report to such Committees within 15 days of taking such action. COMMERCE, TRADE AND SURPLUS COMMODITIES 7025. (a) World markets None of the funds appropriated or made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act for direct assistance and none of the funds otherwise made available to the Export-Import Bank and the United States International Development Finance Corporation shall be obligated or expended to finance any loan, any assistance, or any other financial commitments for establishing or expanding production of any commodity for export by any country other than the United States, if the commodity is likely to be in surplus on world markets at the time the resulting productive capacity is expected to become operative and if the assistance will cause substantial injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity: Provided, That such prohibition shall not apply to the Export-Import Bank if in the judgment of its Board of Directors the benefits to industry and employment in the United States are likely to outweigh the injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity, and the Chairman of the Board so notifies the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That this subsection shall not prohibit— (1) activities in a country that is eligible for assistance from the International Development Association, is not eligible for assistance from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and does not export on a consistent basis the agricultural commodity with respect to which assistance is furnished; or (2) activities in a country the President determines is recovering from widespread conflict, a humanitarian crisis, or a complex emergency. (b) Exports None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act to carry out chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall be available for any testing or breeding feasibility study, variety improvement or introduction, consultancy, publication, conference, or training in connection with the growth or production in a foreign country of an agricultural commodity for export which would compete with a similar commodity grown or produced in the United States: Provided, That this subsection shall not prohibit— (1) activities designed to increase food security in developing countries where such activities will not have a significant impact on the export of agricultural commodities of the United States; (2) research activities intended primarily to benefit United States producers; (3) activities in a country that is eligible for assistance from the International Development Association, is not eligible for assistance from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and does not export on a consistent basis the agricultural commodity with respect to which assistance is furnished; or (4) activities in a country the President determines is recovering from widespread conflict, a humanitarian crisis, or a complex emergency. (c) International financial institutions The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any assistance by such institution, using funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act, for the production or extraction of any commodity or mineral for export, if it is in surplus on world markets and if the assistance will cause substantial injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity. SEPARATE ACCOUNTS 7026. (a) Separate accounts for local currencies (1) Agreements If assistance is furnished to the government of a foreign country under chapters 1 and 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 under agreements which result in the generation of local currencies of that country, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall— (A) require that local currencies be deposited in a separate account established by that government; (B) enter into an agreement with that government which sets forth— (i) the amount of the local currencies to be generated; and (ii) the terms and conditions under which the currencies so deposited may be utilized, consistent with this section; and (C) establish by agreement with that government the responsibilities of USAID and that government to monitor and account for deposits into and disbursements from the separate account. (2) Uses of local currencies As may be agreed upon with the foreign government, local currencies deposited in a separate account pursuant to subsection (a), or an equivalent amount of local currencies, shall be used only— (A) to carry out chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (as the case may be), for such purposes as— (i) project and sector assistance activities; or (ii) debt and deficit financing; or (B) for the administrative requirements of the United States Government. (3) Programming accountability USAID shall take all necessary steps to ensure that the equivalent of the local currencies disbursed pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A) from the separate account established pursuant to subsection (a)(1) are used for the purposes agreed upon pursuant to subsection (a)(2). (4) Termination of assistance programs Upon termination of assistance to a country under chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (as the case may be), any unencumbered balances of funds which remain in a separate account established pursuant to subsection (a) shall be disposed of for such purposes as may be agreed to by the government of that country and the United States Government. (b) Separate accounts for cash transfers (1) In general If assistance is made available to the government of a foreign country, under chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as cash transfer assistance or as nonproject sector assistance, that country shall be required to maintain such funds in a separate account and not commingle with any other funds. (2) Applicability of other provisions of law Such funds may be obligated and expended notwithstanding provisions of law which are inconsistent with the nature of this assistance, including provisions which are referenced in the Joint Explanatory Statement of the Committee of Conference accompanying House Joint Resolution 648 (House Report No. 98–1159). (3) Notification At least 15 days prior to obligating any such cash transfer or nonproject sector assistance, the President shall submit a notification through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, which shall include a detailed description of how the funds proposed to be made available will be used, with a discussion of the United States interests that will be served by such assistance (including, as appropriate, a description of the economic policy reforms that will be promoted by such assistance). (4) Exemption Nonproject sector assistance funds may be exempt from the requirements of paragraph (1) only through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. ELIGIBILITY FOR ASSISTANCE 7027. (a) Assistance through nongovernmental organizations Restrictions contained in this or any other Act with respect to assistance for a country shall not be construed to restrict assistance in support of programs of nongovernmental organizations from funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of chapters 1, 10, 11, and 12 of part I and chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and from funds appropriated under the heading Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia : Provided, That before using the authority of this subsection to furnish assistance in support of programs of nongovernmental organizations, the President shall notify the Committees on Appropriations pursuant to the regular notification procedures, including a description of the program to be assisted, the assistance to be provided, and the reasons for furnishing such assistance: Provided further, That nothing in this subsection shall be construed to alter any existing statutory prohibitions against abortion or involuntary sterilizations contained in this or any other Act. (b) Public law 480 During fiscal year 2025, restrictions contained in this or any other Act with respect to assistance for a country shall not be construed to restrict assistance under the Food for Peace Act ( Public Law 83–480 ; 7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq. ): Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to carry out title I of such Act and made available pursuant to this subsection may be obligated or expended except as provided through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (c) Exception This section shall not apply— (1) with respect to section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or any comparable provision of law prohibiting assistance to countries that support international terrorism; or (2) with respect to section 116 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or any comparable provision of law prohibiting assistance to the government of a country that violates internationally recognized human rights. PROMOTION OF UNITED STATES ECONOMIC INTERESTS 7028. (a) Diplomatic engagement Consistent with section 704 of the Championing American Business Through Diplomacy Act of 2019 (title VII of division J of Public Law 116–94 ), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, shall prioritize the allocation of funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs for support of Chief of Mission diplomatic engagement to foster commercial relations and safeguard United States economic and business interests in the country in which each Chief of Mission serves, including activities and initiatives to create and maintain an enabling environment, promote and protect such interests, and resolve commercial disputes: Provided, That each Mission Resource Request and Bureau Resource Request shall include amounts required to prioritize the activities described in this subsection. (b) Training In carrying out section 705 of title VII of division J of Public Law 116–94 , the Secretary of State shall annually assess training needs across the economic and commercial diplomacy issue areas and ensure, after a review of course offerings, course attendance records, and course evaluation results, that current offerings meet training needs. (c) Assistance The Secretary of State should direct each Chief of Mission to consider how best to advance and support commercial relations and the safeguarding of United States business interests in the development and execution of the applicable Integrated Country Strategy and the Mission Resource Request for each country receiving bilateral assistance from funds appropriated by this Act. INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 7029. (a) Compensation None of the funds appropriated under title V of this Act may be made as payment to any international financial institution while the United States executive director to such institution is compensated by the institution at a rate which, together with whatever compensation such executive director receives from the United States, is in excess of the rate provided for an individual occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, or while any alternate United States executive director to such institution is compensated by the institution at a rate in excess of the rate provided for an individual occupying a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. (b) Human rights The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to promote human rights due diligence and risk management, as appropriate, in connection with any loan, grant, policy, or strategy of such institution. (c) Fraud and corruption The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice of the United States to include in loan, grant, and other financing agreements improvements in borrowing countries’ financial management and judicial capacity to investigate, prosecute, and punish fraud and corruption. (d) Beneficial ownership information The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice of the United States to encourage such institution to collect, verify, and publish, to the maximum extent practicable, beneficial ownership information (excluding proprietary information) for any corporation or limited liability company, other than a publicly listed company, that receives funds from any such financial institution. (e) Whistleblower protections The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice of the United States to encourage such institution to effectively implement and enforce policies and procedures which meet or exceed best practices in the United States for the protection of whistleblowers from retaliation, including— (1) protection against retaliation for internal and lawful public disclosure; (2) legal burdens of proof; (3) statutes of limitation for reporting retaliation; (4) access to binding independent adjudicative bodies, including shared cost and selection external arbitration; and (5) results that eliminate the effects of proven retaliation, including provision for the restoration of prior employment. (f) Grievance mechanisms and procedures The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice of the United States to support independent investigative and adjudicative mechanisms and procedures that meet or exceed best practices in the United States to provide due process and fair compensation, including the right to reinstatement, for employees who are subjected to harassment, discrimination, retaliation, false allegations, or other misconduct. (g) Capital increases None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available to support a new capital increase for an international financial institution unless the President submits a budget request for such increase to Congress and the Secretary of the Treasury concurrent with such request determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that— (1) the institution has completed a thorough analysis of the development challenges facing the relevant geographical region, the role of the institution in addressing such challenges and its role relative to other financing partners, and the steps to be taken to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the institution; (2) the capital increase does not increase the voting power of the People’s Republic of China in such institution; and (3) the governors of such institution have approved the capital increase. (h) Opposition to lending to the People’s Republic of China The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director at each multilateral development bank to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any loan, extension of financial assistance, or technical assistance by such bank to the People’s Republic of China. (i) Contributions to financial intermediary funds The Secretary of the Treasury shall ensure that no United States contribution to a financial intermediary fund overseen by the Department of the Treasury may be used to provide any loan, extension of financial assistance, or technical assistance to the People’s Republic of China or to any country or region subject to comprehensive sanctions by the United States. (j) Report to congress and withholding (1) Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations indicating the amount of funds that a financial intermediary fund is budgeting for the year in which the report is submitted for a country or region described in subsection (i). (2) If a report under paragraph (1) indicates that a financial intermediary fund plans to spend funds for a country or region described under subsection (i), including through projects implemented by a multilateral development bank, then 10 percent of the United States contribution to such bank shall be withheld from obligation for the remainder of the fiscal year in which the report is submitted. (k) Guidance on multilateral development banks None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading Multilateral Assistance may be used to implement, administer, or otherwise carry out Executive Order 14008 (relating to Executive Order on Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad), including the memorandum entitled Guidance on Fossil Fuel Energy at the Multilateral Development Banks , issued by the Department of the Treasury on August 16, 2021. ECONOMIC RESILIENCE INITIATIVE 7030. (a) Assistance Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund shall be made available for the Economic Resilience Initiative to enhance the economic security and stability of the United States and partner countries, including through efforts to counter economic coercion: Provided, That funds made available by this subsection may only be made available following consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations, and shall include— (1) strategic infrastructure investments, which shall be administered by the Secretary of State in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies: Provided, That such funds may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act to the Export-Import Bank of the United States under the heading Program Account , to the United States International Development Finance Corporation under the heading Corporate Capital Account , and under the heading Trade and Development Agency : Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by this Act or any other Act, and is subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations; (2) activities to enhance critical mineral supply chain security, except that 50 percent of funds made available for such activities shall utilize United States-based entities following the submission of the report required under this subsection in the report accompanying this Act; (3) economic resilience programs administered by the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development; and (4) the Cyberspace, Digital Connectivity, and Related Technologies Fund in accordance with Chapter 10 of Part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided, That the authority of section 592(f) of such Act may apply to amounts made available for such Fund under the heading Economic Support Fund and such funds may be made available for the Digital Connectivity and Cybersecurity Partnership program consistent with section 6306 of the Department of State Authorization Act of 2023 (division F of Public Law 118–31 ): Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to this paragraph are in addition to funds otherwise made available for such purposes and shall be coordinated with the USAID Administrator, including for relevant USAID programming. (b) Loan guarantees Funds appropriated under the headings Economic Support Fund and Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, including funds made available pursuant to this section, may be made available for the costs, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of loan guarantees for Costa Rica, Egypt, Jordan, Panama, Small Island Developing States, and Ukraine, which are authorized to be provided and which shall be administered by the United States Agency for International Development unless otherwise provided for by this Act or any other provision of law: Provided, That amounts made available under this subsection for the costs of such guarantees shall not be considered assistance for the purposes of provisions of law limiting assistance to a country: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the authorities of this subsection shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (c) CHIPS for america international technology security and innovation fund (1) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall allocate amounts made available from the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors (CHIPS) for America International Technology Security and Innovation Fund for fiscal year 2025 pursuant to the transfer authority in section 102(c)(1) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 (division A of Public Law 117–167 ), to the accounts specified and in the amounts specified, in the table titled CHIPS for America International Technology Security and Innovation Fund in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such funds shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (2) Neither the President nor his designee may allocate any amounts that are made available for any fiscal year under section 102(c)(2) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 if there is in effect an Act making or continuing appropriations for part of a fiscal year for the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs: Provided, That in any fiscal year, the matter preceding this proviso shall not apply to the allocation, apportionment, or allotment of amounts for continuing administration of programs allocated using funds transferred from the CHIPS for America International Technology Security and Innovation Fund, which may be allocated pursuant to the transfer authority in section 102(c)(1) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 only in amounts that are no more than the allocation for such purposes in paragraph (1) of this subsection. (3) Concurrent with the annual budget submission of the President for fiscal year 2026, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations proposed allocations by account and by program, project, or activity, with detailed justifications, for amounts made available under section 102(c)(2) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 for fiscal year 2026. (4) The Secretary of State shall provide the Committees on Appropriations quarterly reports on the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the CHIPS for America International Technology Security and Innovation Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection, including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds. (5) Amounts transferred to the Export-Import Bank and the United States International Development Finance Corporation pursuant to the transfer authority in section 102(c)(1) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 (division A of Public Law 117–167 ) may be made available for the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees, including the cost of modifying such loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, BUDGET TRANSPARENCY, AND ANTI-CORRUPTION 7031. (a) Limitation on direct government-to-Government assistance (1) Requirements Funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for direct government-to-government assistance only if— (A) the requirements included in section 7031(a)(1)(A) through (E) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2019 (division F of Public Law 116–6 ) are fully met; and (B) the government of the recipient country is taking steps to reduce corruption. (2) Consultation and notification In addition to the requirements in paragraph (1), funds may only be made available for direct government-to-government assistance subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such notification shall contain an explanation of how the proposed activity meets the requirements of paragraph (1): Provided further, That the requirements of this paragraph shall only apply to direct government-to-government assistance in excess of $10,000,000 and all funds available for cash transfer, budget support, and cash payments to individuals. (3) Suspension of assistance The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development or the Secretary of State, as appropriate, shall suspend any direct government-to-government assistance if the Administrator or the Secretary has credible information of material misuse of such assistance, unless the Administrator or the Secretary reports to the Committees on Appropriations that it is in the national interest of the United States to continue such assistance, including a justification, or that such misuse has been appropriately addressed. (4) Submission of information The Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations, concurrent with the fiscal year 2026 congressional budget justification materials, amounts planned for assistance described in paragraph (1) by country, proposed funding amount, source of funds, and type of assistance. (5) Debt service payment prohibition None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the government of any foreign country for debt service payments owed by any country to any international financial institution or to the Government of the People’s Republic of China. (b) National budget and contract transparency (1) Minimum requirements of fiscal transparency The Secretary of State shall continue to update and strengthen the minimum requirements of fiscal transparency for each government receiving assistance appropriated by this Act, as identified in the report required by section 7031(b) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113–76 ). (2) Determination and report For each government identified pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of State, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, shall make or update any determination of significant progress or no significant progress in meeting the minimum requirements of fiscal transparency, and make such determinations publicly available in an annual Fiscal Transparency Report to be posted on the Department of State website. (3) Assistance Not less than $7,000,000 of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund shall be made available for programs and activities to assist governments identified pursuant to paragraph (1) to improve budget transparency and to support civil society organizations in such countries that promote budget transparency. (c) Anti-Kleptocracy and human rights (1) Ineligibility (A) Officials of foreign governments and their immediate family members about whom the Secretary of State has credible information have been involved, directly or indirectly, in significant corruption, including corruption related to the extraction of natural resources, or a gross violation of human rights, including the wrongful detention of locally employed staff of a United States diplomatic mission or a United States citizen or national, shall be ineligible for entry into the United States. (B) Concurrent with the application of subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall, as appropriate, refer the matter to the Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, to determine whether to apply sanctions authorities in accordance with United States law to block the transfer of property and interests in property, and all financial transactions, in the United States involving any person described in such subparagraph. (C) The Secretary shall also publicly or privately designate or identify the officials of foreign governments and their immediate family members about whom the Secretary has such credible information without regard to whether the individual has applied for a visa. (2) Exception Individuals shall not be ineligible for entry into the United States pursuant to paragraph (1) if such entry would further important United States law enforcement objectives or is necessary to permit the United States to fulfill its obligations under the United Nations Headquarters Agreement: Provided, That nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to derogate from United States Government obligations under applicable international agreements. (3) Waiver The Secretary may waive the application of paragraph (1) if the Secretary determines that the waiver would serve a compelling national interest or that the circumstances which caused the individual to be ineligible have changed sufficiently. (4) Report Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until September 30, 2026, the Secretary of State shall submit a report, including a classified annex if necessary, to the appropriate congressional committees and the Committees on the Judiciary describing the information related to corruption or violation of human rights concerning each of the individuals found ineligible in the previous 12 months pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) as well as the individuals who the Secretary designated or identified pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), or who would be ineligible but for the application of paragraph (2), a list of any waivers provided under paragraph (3), and the justification for each waiver. (5) Posting of report Any unclassified portion of the report required under paragraph (4) shall be posted on the Department of State website. (6) Clarification For purposes of paragraphs (1), (4), and (5), the records of the Department of State and of diplomatic and consular offices of the United States pertaining to the issuance or refusal of visas or permits to enter the United States shall not be considered confidential. (d) Extraction of natural resources (1) Assistance Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available to promote and support transparency and accountability of expenditures and revenues related to the extraction of natural resources, including by strengthening implementation and monitoring of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, implementing and enforcing section 8204 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–246 ; 122 Stat. 2052) and the amendments made by such section, and to prevent the sale of conflict minerals, and for technical assistance to promote independent audit mechanisms and support civil society participation in natural resource management. (2) Prohibition None of the funds appropriated by this Act under title III may be made available to support mining activities related to the extraction of minerals until the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that comparable mining activities are permitted in areas in the United States which were allowable prior to 2023: Provided , That the restriction in this paragraph shall not apply to United States entities. (3) Public disclosure and independent audits (A) The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any assistance by such institutions (including any loan, credit, grant, or guarantee) to any country for the extraction and export of a natural resource if the government of such country has in place laws, regulations, or procedures to prevent or limit the public disclosure of company payments as required by United States law, and unless such government has adopted laws, regulations, or procedures in the sector in which assistance is being considered that: (1) accurately account for and publicly disclose payments to the government by companies involved in the extraction and export of natural resources; (2) include independent auditing of accounts receiving such payments and the public disclosure of such audits; and (3) require public disclosure of agreement and bidding documents, as appropriate. (B) The requirements of subparagraph (A) shall not apply to assistance for the purpose of building the capacity of such government to meet the requirements of such subparagraph. DEMOCRACY PROGRAMS 7032. (a) Funding Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , Democracy Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , and International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , $2,900,000,000 shall be made available for democracy programs. (b) Authorities (1) Availability Funds made available by this Act for democracy programs pursuant to subsection (a) and under the heading National Endowment for Democracy may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law, and with regard to the National Endowment for Democracy (NED), any regulation. (2) Beneficiaries Funds made available by this Act for the NED are made available pursuant to the authority of the National Endowment for Democracy Act (title V of Public Law 98–164 ), including all decisions regarding the selection of beneficiaries. (c) Definition of democracy programs For purposes of funds appropriated by this Act, the term democracy programs means programs that support good governance, credible and competitive elections, freedom of expression, association, assembly, and religion, human rights, labor rights, independent media, and the rule of law, and that otherwise strengthen the capacity of democratic political parties, governments, nongovernmental organizations and institutions, and citizens to support the development of democratic states and institutions that are responsive and accountable to citizens. (d) Program prioritization Funds made available pursuant to subsection (a) to strengthen ministries and agencies should be prioritized in countries that demonstrate a strong commitment to the separation of powers, checks and balances, the rule of law, and credible electoral processes. (e) Restrictions on foreign government interference (1) Prior approval With respect to the provision of assistance for democracy programs in this Act, the organizations implementing such assistance, the specific nature of the assistance, and the participants in such programs shall not be subject to prior approval by the government of any foreign country. (2) Disclosure of implementing partner information If the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, determines that the government of the country is undemocratic or has engaged in or condoned harassment, threats, or attacks against organizations implementing democracy programs, any new bilateral agreement governing the terms and conditions under which assistance is provided to such country shall not require the disclosure of the names of implementing partners of democracy programs, and the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall expeditiously seek to negotiate amendments to existing bilateral agreements, as necessary, to conform to this requirement. (f) Continuation of current practices USAID shall continue to implement civil society and political competition and consensus building programs abroad with funds appropriated by this Act in a manner that recognizes the unique benefits of grants and cooperative agreements in implementing such programs. INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 7033. (a) International religious freedom office Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs shall be made available for the Office of International Religious Freedom, Department of State. (b) Assistance (1) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Economic Support Fund , Democracy Fund , and International Broadcasting Operations , not less than $50,000,000 shall be made available for international religious freedom programs: Provided, That funds made available by this Act under the headings Economic Support Fund and Democracy Fund pursuant to this section shall be the responsibility of the Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom, in consultation with other relevant United States Government officials, and shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (2) Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings International Disaster Assistance and Migration and Refugee Assistance shall be made available for humanitarian assistance for vulnerable and persecuted ethnic and religious minorities. (c) Authority Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the heading Economic Support Fund may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law for assistance for ethnic and religious minorities in Iraq and Syria. (d) Designation of non-State actors Section 7033(e) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31 ) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2025. SPECIAL PROVISIONS 7034. (a) Victims of war, displaced children, and displaced burmese Funds appropriated in title III of this Act that are made available for victims of war, displaced children, displaced Burmese, and to combat trafficking in persons and assist victims of such trafficking may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law. (b) Forensic assistance (1) Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund shall be made available for forensic anthropology assistance related to the exhumation and identification of victims of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide, which shall be administered by the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State: Provided, That such funds shall be in addition to funds made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for assistance for countries. (2) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available for DNA forensic technology programs to combat human trafficking in Central America and Mexico. (c) World food programme Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading International Disaster Assistance may be made available as a general contribution to the World Food Programme. (d) Directives and authorities (1) Research and training Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia shall be made available to carry out the Program for Research and Training on Eastern Europe and the Independent States of the Former Soviet Union as authorized by the Soviet-Eastern European Research and Training Act of 1983 ( 22 U.S.C. 4501 et seq. ). (2) Genocide victims memorial sites Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings Economic Support Fund and Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia may be made available as contributions to establish and maintain memorial sites of genocide, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (3) Private sector partnerships Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance and Economic Support Fund that are made available for private sector partnerships, including partnerships with philanthropic foundations, up to $50,000,000 may remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That funds made available pursuant to this paragraph may only be made available following prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (4) Innovation The USAID Administrator may use funds appropriated by this Act under title III to make innovation incentive awards in accordance with the terms and conditions of section 7034(e)(4) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2019 (division F of Public Law 116–6 ), except that each individual award may not exceed $500,000. (5) Exchange visitor program None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to modify the Exchange Visitor Program administered by the Department of State to implement the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 ( Public Law 87–256 ; 22 U.S.C. 2451 et seq. ), except through the formal rulemaking process pursuant to the Administrative Procedure Act ( 5 U.S.C. 551 et seq. ) and notwithstanding the exceptions to such rulemaking process in such Act: Provided, That funds made available for such purpose shall only be made available after consultation with, and subject to the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations, regarding how any proposed modification would affect the public diplomacy goals of, and the estimated economic impact on, the United States: Provided further, That such consultation shall take place not later than 30 days prior to the publication in the Federal Register of any regulatory action modifying the Exchange Visitor Program. (6) Payments Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings Diplomatic Programs and Operating Expenses , except for funds designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, are available to provide payments pursuant to section 901(i)(2) of title IX of division J of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( 22 U.S.C. 2680b(i)(2) ): Provided, That funds made available pursuant to this paragraph shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (7) Exemption of transactions Financing for transactions related to civil nuclear facilities, material, and technologies, and related goods and services and for transactions under the program on China and Transformational Exports shall be excluded from the requirements of section 8(g) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635 (g)). (8) Special envoy for holocaust issues Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs may be made available for the Special Envoy for Holocaust Issues notwithstanding the limitation of section 7064(c)(4) of this Act. (e) Partner vetting Prior to initiating a partner vetting program, providing a direct vetting option, or making a significant change to the scope of an existing partner vetting program, the Secretary of State and USAID Administrator, as appropriate, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That the Secretary and the Administrator shall provide a direct vetting option for prime awardees in any partner vetting program initiated or significantly modified after the date of enactment of this Act, unless the Secretary or Administrator, as applicable, informs the Committees on Appropriations on a case-by-case basis that a direct vetting option is not feasible for such program: Provided further, That the Secretary and the Administrator may restrict the award of, terminate, or cancel contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements or require an awardee to restrict the award of, terminate, or cancel a sub-award based on information in connection with a partner vetting program. (f) International child abductions The Secretary of State should withhold funds appropriated under title III of this Act for assistance for the central government of any country that is not taking appropriate steps to comply with the Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abductions, done at the Hague on October 25, 1980: Provided, That the Secretary shall report to the Committees on Appropriations within 15 days of withholding funds under this subsection. (g) Transfer of funds for extraordinary protection The Secretary of State may transfer to, and merge with, funds under the heading Protection of Foreign Missions and Officials unobligated balances of expired funds appropriated under the heading Diplomatic Programs for fiscal year 2025, at no later than the end of the fifth fiscal year after the last fiscal year for which such funds are available for the purposes for which appropriated: Provided, That not more than $50,000,000 may be transferred. (h) Impact on jobs Section 7056 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2021 (division K of Public Law 116–260 ) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2025. (i) Extension of authorities (1) Incentives for critical posts The authority contained in section 1115(d) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 ( Public Law 111–32 ) shall remain in effect through September 30, 2025. (2) Special inspector general for afghanistan reconstruction competitive status Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any employee of the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) who completes at least 12 months of continuous service after enactment of this Act or who is employed on the date on which SIGAR terminates, whichever occurs first, shall acquire competitive status for appointment to any position in the competitive service for which the employee possesses the required qualifications. (3) Transfer of balances Section 7081(h) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31 ) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2025. (4) Protective services Section 7071 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2022 (division K of Public Law 117–103 ) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2025 and shall be applied to funds appropriated by this Act by substituting $40,000,000 for $30,000,000 . (5) Extension of loan guarantees to israel Chapter 5 of title I of the Emergency Wartime Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2003 ( Public Law 108–11 ; 117 Stat. 576) is amended under the heading Loan Guarantees to Israel — (A) in the matter preceding the first proviso, by striking September 30, 2029 and inserting September 30, 2030 ; and (B) in the second proviso, by striking September 30, 2029 and inserting September 30, 2030 . (6) Extension of certain personal services contract authority The authority provided in section 2401 of division C of the Extending Government Funding and Delivering Emergency Assistance Act ( Public Law 117–43 ) shall remain in effect through September 30, 2025. (j) HIV/AIDS working capital fund Funds available in the HIV/AIDS Working Capital Fund established pursuant to section 525(b)(1) of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2005 ( Public Law 108–447 ) may be made available for pharmaceuticals and other products for child survival, malaria, and tuberculosis to the same extent as HIV/AIDS pharmaceuticals and other products, subject to the terms and conditions in such section: Provided, That the authority in section 525(b)(5) of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2005 ( Public Law 108–447 ) shall be exercised by the Assistant Administrator for Global Health, USAID, with respect to funds deposited for such non-HIV/AIDS pharmaceuticals and other products, and shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall include in the congressional budget justification an accounting of budgetary resources, disbursements, balances, and reimbursements related to such fund. (k) Local works (1) Funding Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance and Economic Support Fund , not less than $50,000,000 shall be made available for Local Works pursuant to section 7080 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235 ), which may remain available until September 30, 2029. (2) Eligible entities For the purposes of section 7080 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235 ), eligible entities shall be defined as small local, international, and United States-based nongovernmental organizations, educational institutions, and other small entities that have received less than a total of $5,000,000 from USAID over the previous 5 fiscal years: Provided, That departments or centers of such educational institutions may be considered individually in determining such eligibility. (l) Definitions (1) Appropriate congressional committees Unless otherwise defined in this Act, for purposes of this Act the term appropriate congressional committees means the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) Clarification In Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, the term contribution, grant, or other payment with respect to the United Nations or any affiliated organization of the United Nations shall mean voluntary and assessed contributions and payments, including contributions and payments to the United Nations Regular Budget. (3) Funds appropriated by this act and prior acts Unless otherwise defined in this Act, for purposes of this Act the term funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs means funds that remain available for obligation, and have not expired. (4) International financial institutions In this Act international financial institutions means the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the International Development Association, the International Finance Corporation, the Inter-American Development Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the International Fund for Agricultural Development, the Asian Development Bank, the Asian Development Fund, the Inter-American Investment Corporation, the North American Development Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the African Development Bank, the African Development Fund, and the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency. (5) Pacific islands countries In this Act, the term Pacific Islands countries means the Cook Islands, the Republic of Fiji, the Republic of Kiribati, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of Nauru, Niue, the Republic of Palau, the Independent State of Papua New Guinea, the Independent State of Samoa, the Solomon Islands, the Kingdom of Tonga, Tuvalu, and the Republic of Vanuatu. (6) Spend plan In this Act, the term spend plan means a plan for the uses of funds appropriated for a particular entity, country, program, purpose, or account and which shall include, at a minimum, a description of— (A) realistic and sustainable goals, criteria for measuring progress, and a timeline for achieving such goals; (B) amounts and sources of funds by account; (C) how such funds will complement other ongoing or planned programs; and (D) implementing partners, to the maximum extent practicable. (7) Successor operating unit Any reference to a particular operating unit or office in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be deemed to include any successor operating unit performing the same or similar functions. (8) USAID In this Act, the term USAID means the United States Agency for International Development. LAW ENFORCEMENT AND SECURITY 7035. (a) Assistance (1) Community-based police assistance Funds made available under titles III and IV of this Act to carry out the provisions of chapter 1 of part I and chapters 4 and 6 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, may be used, notwithstanding section 660 of that Act, to enhance the effectiveness and accountability of civilian police authority through training and technical assistance in human rights, the rule of law, anti-corruption, strategic planning, and through assistance to foster civilian police roles that support democratic governance, including assistance for programs to prevent conflict, respond to disasters, address gender-based violence, and foster improved police relations with the communities they serve. (2) Combat casualty care (A) Consistent with the objectives of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act, funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Peacekeeping Operations and Foreign Military Financing Program shall be made available for combat casualty training and equipment in an amount above the prior fiscal year. (B) The Secretary of State shall offer combat casualty care training and equipment as a component of any package of lethal assistance funded by this Act with funds appropriated under the headings Peacekeeping Operations and Foreign Military Financing Program : Provided, That the requirement of this subparagraph shall apply to a country in conflict, unless the Secretary determines that such country has in place, to the maximum extent practicable, functioning combat casualty care treatment and equipment that meets or exceeds the standards recommended by the Committee on Tactical Combat Casualty Care: Provided further, That any such training and equipment for combat casualty care shall be made available through an open and competitive process. (b) Authorities (1) Reconstituting civilian police authority In providing assistance with funds appropriated by this Act under section 660(b)(6) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, support for a nation emerging from instability may be deemed to mean support for regional, district, municipal, or other sub-national entity emerging from instability, as well as a nation emerging from instability. (2) Disarmament, demobilization, and reintegration Section 7034(d) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235 ) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2025. (3) Commercial leasing of defense articles Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, the authority of section 23(a) of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2763 ) may be used to provide financing to Israel, Egypt, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), and major non-NATO allies for the procurement by leasing (including leasing with an option to purchase) of defense articles from United States commercial suppliers, not including Major Defense Equipment (other than helicopters and other types of aircraft having possible civilian application), if the President determines that there are compelling foreign policy or national security reasons for those defense articles being provided by commercial lease rather than by government-to-government sale under such Act. (4) Special defense acquisition fund Not to exceed $900,000,000 may be obligated pursuant to section 51(c)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2795(c)(2) ) for the purposes of the Special Defense Acquisition Fund (the Fund), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027: Provided, That the provision of defense articles and defense services to foreign countries or international organizations from the Fund shall be subject to the concurrence of the Secretary of State. (5) War reserve stockpile authority For fiscal year 2025, section 514(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2321h(b) ) shall not apply to defense articles to be set aside, earmarked, reserved, or intended for use as reserve stocks in stockpiles in the State of Israel. (6) Program clarification Notwithstanding section 503(a)(3) of Public Law 87–195 ( 22 U.S.C. 2311(a)(3) ), the procurement of defense articles and services funded on a non-repayable basis under section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act may be priced to include the costs of salaries of members of the Armed Forces of the United States engaged in security assistance activities pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 341 (relating to the State Partnership Program): Provided, That this paragraph shall only apply to funds that remain available for obligation in fiscal year 2025. (7) Foreign military financing direct loans and loan guarantees Section 2606(a) of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022 ( Public Law 117–103 ) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2025 and shall apply to funds made available by this Act under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program . (c) Limitations (1) Child soldiers Funds appropriated by this Act should not be used to support any military training or operations that include child soldiers. (2) Landmines and cluster munitions (A) Landmines Notwithstanding any other provision of law, demining equipment available to the United States Agency for International Development and the Department of State and used in support of the clearance of landmines and unexploded ordnance for humanitarian purposes may be disposed of on a grant basis in foreign countries, subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary of State may prescribe. (B) Cluster munitions No military assistance shall be furnished for cluster munitions, no defense export license for cluster munitions may be issued, and no cluster munitions or cluster munitions technology shall be sold or transferred, unless— (i) the submunitions of the cluster munitions, after arming, do not result in more than 1 percent unexploded ordnance across the range of intended operational environments, and the agreement applicable to the assistance, transfer, or sale of such cluster munitions or cluster munitions technology specifies that the cluster munitions will only be used against clearly defined military targets and will not be used where civilians are known to be present or in areas normally inhabited by civilians; or (ii) such assistance, license, sale, or transfer is for the purpose of demilitarizing or permanently disposing of such cluster munitions. (3) Crowd control If the Secretary of State has information that a unit of a foreign security force uses excessive force to repress peaceful expression or assembly concerning corruption, harm to the environment or human health, or the fairness of electoral processes, or in countries that are undemocratic or undergoing democratic transition, the Secretary shall promptly determine if such information is credible: Provided, That if the information is determined to be credible, funds appropriated by this Act should not be used for tear gas, small arms, light weapons, ammunition, or other items for crowd control purposes for such unit, unless the Secretary of State determines that the foreign government is taking effective measures to bring the responsible members of such unit to justice. (4) Oversight and accountability (A) Prior to the signing of a new Letter of Offer and Acceptance (LOA) involving funds appropriated under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program , the Secretary of State shall consult with each recipient government to ensure that the LOA between the United States and such recipient government complies with the purposes of section 4 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2754 ) and that the defense articles, services, and training procured with funds appropriated under such heading are consistent with United States national security policy. (B) The Secretary of State shall promptly inform the appropriate congressional committees of any instance in which the Secretary of State has credible information that such assistance was used in a manner contrary to such agreement. (5) Delivery of withheld items Any defense article and defense service withheld from delivery to Israel by the Department of State as of the date of enactment of this Act, including those contracted through Direct Commercial Sales for the Ministry of Public Security, shall be delivered to Israel not later than 15 days after the date of the enactment of this Act: Provided , That 50 percent of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs and made available for the Office of the Secretary shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the defense articles and services described in this paragraph have been delivered to Israel. (6) Obligation requirement The Secretary of State shall obligate any remaining unobligated balances of funds appropriated or otherwise made available before the date of enactment of this Act for assistance for Israel not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (d) Reports (1) Security assistance report Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report on funds obligated and expended during fiscal year 2024, by country and purpose of assistance, under the headings Peacekeeping Operations , International Military Education and Training , and Foreign Military Financing Program . (2) Annual foreign military training report For the purposes of implementing section 656 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the term military training provided to foreign military personnel by the Department of Defense and the Department of State shall be deemed to include all military training provided by foreign governments with funds appropriated to the Department of Defense or the Department of State, except for training provided by the government of a country designated by section 517(b) of such Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2321k(b) ) as a major non-NATO ally: Provided, That such third-country training shall be clearly identified in the report submitted pursuant to section 656 of such Act. COUNTERING THE FLOW OF FENTANYL AND OTHER SYNTHETIC DRUGS 7036. (a) Assistance Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Economic Support Fund and International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , not less than $175,000,000 shall be made available for programs to counter the flow of fentanyl, fentanyl precursors, and other synthetic drugs into the United States: Provided, That such funds shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available for such purposes. (b) Uses of funds Funds made available pursuant to subsection (a) shall be made available to support— (1) efforts to stop the flow of fentanyl, fentanyl precursors, and other synthetic drugs and their precursor materials to the United States from and through the People’s Republic of China (PRC), Mexico, and other countries; (2) law enforcement cooperation and capacity building efforts aimed at disrupting and dismantling transnational criminal organizations involved in the production and trafficking of fentanyl, fentanyl precursors, and other synthetic drugs; (3) implementation of the Fighting Emerging Narcotics Through Additional Nations to Yield Lasting Results Act (part 7 of subtitle C of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023, Public Law 117–263 ); and (4) engagement, including through multilateral organizations and frameworks, to catalyze collective action to address the public health and security threats posed by fentanyl, fentanyl precursors, and other synthetic drugs, including through the Global Coalition to Address Synthetic Drug Threats. (c) Reports (1) The Secretary of State shall, in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies and not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees detailing and assessing the cooperation of the PRC in countering the flow of fentanyl, fentanyl precursors, and other synthetic drugs, and describing actions taken by the United States in coordination with other countries to engage the PRC on taking concrete and measurable steps to stop the flow of fentanyl, fentanyl precursors, and other synthetic drugs from the PRC to other countries: Provided, That such report shall be updated and resubmitted quarterly thereafter until September 30, 2026. (2) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees detailing how assistance for Mexico is strategically aligned to address the proliferation of fentanyl, fentanyl precursors, and other synthetic drugs from Mexico to the United States. PALESTINIAN STATEHOOD 7037. (a) Limitation on assistance None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be provided to support a Palestinian state unless the Secretary of State determines and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— (1) the governing entity of a new Palestinian state— (A) has demonstrated a firm commitment to peaceful co-existence with the State of Israel; and (B) is taking appropriate measures to counter terrorism and terrorist financing in the West Bank and Gaza, including the dismantling of terrorist infrastructures, and is cooperating with appropriate Israeli and other appropriate security organizations; and (2) the Palestinian Authority (or the governing entity of a new Palestinian state) is working with other countries in the region to vigorously pursue efforts to establish a just, lasting, and comprehensive peace in the Middle East that will enable Israel and an independent Palestinian state to exist within the context of full and normal relationships, which should include— (A) termination of all claims or states of belligerency; (B) respect for and acknowledgment of the sovereignty, territorial integrity, and political independence of every state in the area through measures including the establishment of demilitarized zones; (C) their right to live in peace within secure and recognized boundaries free from threats or acts of force; (D) freedom of navigation through international waterways in the area; and (E) a framework for achieving a just settlement of the refugee problem. (b) Sense of congress It is the sense of Congress that the governing entity should enact a constitution assuring the rule of law, an independent judiciary, and respect for human rights for its citizens, and should enact other laws and regulations assuring transparent and accountable governance. (c) Waiver The President may waive subsection (a) if the President determines that it is important to the national security interest of the United States to do so. (d) Exemption The restriction in subsection (a) shall not apply to assistance intended to help reform the Palestinian Authority and affiliated institutions, or the governing entity, in order to help meet the requirements of subsection (a), consistent with the provisions of section 7040 of this Act ( Limitation on Assistance for the Palestinian Authority ). PROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE TO THE PALESTINIAN BROADCASTING CORPORATION 7038. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to provide equipment, technical support, consulting services, or any other form of assistance to the Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation. OVERSIGHT REQUIREMENTS FOR THE WEST BANK AND GAZA 7039. (a) Oversight For fiscal year 2025, 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds for the bilateral West Bank and Gaza Program, the Secretary of State shall certify to the Committees on Appropriations that procedures have been established to assure the Comptroller General of the United States will have access to appropriate United States financial information in order to review the uses of United States assistance for the Program funded under the heading Economic Support Fund for the West Bank and Gaza. (b) Vetting Prior to the obligation of funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza, the Secretary of State shall take all appropriate steps to ensure that such assistance is not provided to or through any individual, private or government entity, or educational institution that the Secretary knows or has reason to believe advocates, plans, sponsors, engages in, or has engaged in, terrorist activity nor, with respect to private entities or educational institutions, those that have as a principal officer of the entity's governing board or governing board of trustees any individual that has been determined to be involved in, or advocating terrorist activity or determined to be a member of a designated foreign terrorist organization: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall, as appropriate, establish procedures specifying the steps to be taken in carrying out this subsection and shall terminate assistance to any individual, entity, or educational institution which the Secretary has determined to be involved in or advocating terrorist activity. (c) Prohibition (1) Recognition of acts of terrorism None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act for assistance under the West Bank and Gaza Program may be made available for— (A) the purpose of recognizing or otherwise honoring individuals who commit, or have committed acts of terrorism; and (B) any educational institution located in the West Bank or Gaza that is named after an individual who the Secretary of State determines has committed an act of terrorism. (2) Security assistance and reporting requirement Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available by this or prior appropriations Acts, including funds made available by transfer, may be made available for obligation for security assistance for the West Bank and Gaza until the Secretary of State reports to the Committees on Appropriations on— (A) the benchmarks that have been established for security assistance for the West Bank and Gaza and on the extent of Palestinian compliance with such benchmarks; and (B) the steps being taken by the Palestinian Authority to end torture and other cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment of detainees, including by bringing to justice members of Palestinian security forces who commit such crimes. (d) Oversight by the united states agency for international development (1) The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall ensure that Federal or non-Federal audits of all contractors and grantees, and significant subcontractors and sub-grantees, under the West Bank and Gaza Program, are conducted at least on an annual basis to ensure, among other things, compliance with this section. (2) Of the funds appropriated by this Act, up to $1,400,000 may be used by the Office of Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development for audits, investigations, and other activities in furtherance of the requirements of this subsection: Provided, That such funds are in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes. (e) Comptroller general of the united states audit Subsequent to the certification specified in subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit and an investigation of the treatment, handling, and uses of all funds for the bilateral West Bank and Gaza Program, including all funds provided as cash transfer assistance, in fiscal year 2025 under the heading Economic Support Fund , and such audit shall address— (1) the extent to which such Program complies with the requirements of subsections (b) and (c); and (2) an examination of all programs, projects, and activities carried out under such Program, including both obligations and expenditures. (f) Notification procedures Funds made available in this Act for West Bank and Gaza shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE FOR THE PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY 7040. (a) Prohibition of funds None of the funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be obligated or expended with respect to providing funds to the Palestinian Authority. (b) Waiver The prohibition included in subsection (a) shall not apply if the President certifies in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore of the Senate, and the Committees on Appropriations that waiving such prohibition is important to the national security interest of the United States. (c) Period of application of waiver Any waiver pursuant to subsection (b) shall be effective for no more than a period of 6 months at a time and shall not apply beyond 12 months after the enactment of this Act. (d) Report Whenever the waiver authority pursuant to subsection (b) is exercised, the President shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations detailing the justification for the waiver, the purposes for which the funds will be spent, and the accounting procedures in place to ensure that the funds are properly disbursed: Provided, That the report shall also detail the steps the Palestinian Authority has taken to arrest terrorists, confiscate weapons and dismantle the terrorist infrastructure. (e) Certification If the President exercises the waiver authority under subsection (b), the Secretary of State must certify and report to the Committees on Appropriations prior to the obligation of funds that the Palestinian Authority has established a single treasury account for all Palestinian Authority financing and all financing mechanisms flow through this account, no parallel financing mechanisms exist outside of the Palestinian Authority treasury account, and there is a single comprehensive civil service roster and payroll, and the Palestinian Authority is acting to counter incitement of violence against Israelis and is supporting activities aimed at promoting peace, coexistence, and security cooperation with Israel. (f) Prohibition to hamas and the palestine liberation organization (1) None of the funds appropriated in titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated for salaries of personnel of the Palestinian Authority located in Gaza or may be obligated or expended for assistance to Hamas or any entity effectively controlled by Hamas, any power-sharing government of which Hamas is a member, or that results from an agreement with Hamas and over which Hamas exercises undue influence. (2) Notwithstanding the limitation of paragraph (1), assistance may be provided to a power-sharing government only if the President certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government, including all of its ministers or such equivalent, has publicly accepted and is complying with the principles contained in section 620K(b)(1)(A) and (B) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended. (3) The President may exercise the authority in section 620K(e) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as added by the Palestinian Anti-Terrorism Act of 2006 ( Public Law 109–446 ) with respect to this subsection. (4) Whenever the certification pursuant to paragraph (2) is exercised, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations within 120 days of the certification and every quarter thereafter on whether such government, including all of its ministers or such equivalent are continuing to comply with the principles contained in section 620K(b)(1)(A) and (B) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended: Provided , That the report shall also detail the amount, purposes and delivery mechanisms for any assistance provided pursuant to the abovementioned certification and a full accounting of any direct support of such government. (5) None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated for assistance for the Palestine Liberation Organization. MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA 7041. (a) Egypt (1) Assistance Of the funds appropriated by this Act, not less than $1,425,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for Egypt, of which— (A) not less than $125,000,000 shall be made available from funds under the heading Economic Support Fund ; and (B) not less than $1,300,000,000 shall be made available from funds under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program , to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That such funds may be transferred to an interest bearing account in the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. (2) Additional Security Assistance In addition to amounts made available pursuant to paragraph (1), not less than $75,000,000 of the funds appropriated under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program shall be made available for assistance for Egypt. (3) Directive Funds made available pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) shall include support for higher education programs for scholarships for Egyptian students with high financial need to attend not-for-profit institutions of higher education in Egypt that are currently accredited by a regional accrediting agency recognized by the United States Department of Education, or meets standards equivalent to those required for United States institutional accreditation by a regional accrediting agency recognized by such Department, democracy programs, and for development programs in the Sinai. (4) Certification and report Funds appropriated by this Act that are available for assistance for Egypt may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law restricting assistance for Egypt, except for this subsection and section 620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and may only be made available for assistance for the Government of Egypt if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government is— (A) sustaining the strategic relationship with the United States; and (B) meeting its obligations under the 1979 Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty. (b) Iran (1) Funding Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Diplomatic Programs , Economic Support Fund , and Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs shall be made available— (A) to support the United States policy to prevent Iran from achieving the capability to produce or otherwise obtain a nuclear weapon; (B) to support an expeditious response to any violation of United Nations Security Council Resolutions or to efforts that advance Iran’s nuclear program; (C) to support the implementation and enforcement of sanctions against Iran for support of nuclear weapons development, terrorism, human rights abuses, and ballistic missile and weapons proliferation; and (D) for democracy programs in support of the aspirations of the Iranian people. (2) Reports (A) Semi-annual report The Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations the semi-annual report required by section 135(d)(4) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 ( 42 U.S.C. 2160e(d)(4) ), as added by section 2 of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 ( Public Law 114–17 ). (B) Sanctions report Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on— (i) the status of United States bilateral sanctions on Iran; (ii) the reimposition and renewed enforcement of secondary sanctions; and (iii) the impact such sanctions have had on Iran’s destabilizing activities throughout the Middle East. (3) Limitations None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to— (A) implement an agreement with the Government of Iran relating to the nuclear program of Iran, or a renewal of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action adopted on October 18, 2015, in contravention of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 ( 42 U.S.C. 2160e ); (B) made available to any foreign entity or person that is subject to United Nations or United States bilateral sanctions with respect to the Government of Iran; or (C) revoke the designation of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps as a Foreign Terrorist Organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1189 ). (c) Iraq (1) Funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act shall be made available for assistance for Iraq for— (A) bilateral economic assistance and international security assistance, including in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq; (B) stabilization assistance, including in Anbar Province; (C) programs to support government transparency and accountability, support judicial independence, protect the right of due process, end the use of torture, and combat corruption, including in the Supreme Judicial Council of Iraq under its leadership by President Faiq Zidan; (D) humanitarian assistance, including in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq; (E) programs to protect and assist religious and ethnic minority populations; and (F) programs to increase United States private sector investment. (2) Limitation Funds appropriated by this Act under title III and made available for bilateral economic assistance for Iraq may not be made available to an organization or entity for which the Secretary of State has credible information is controlled by the Badr Organization. (d) Israel Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program , not less than $3,300,000,000 shall be available for grants only for Israel: Provided, That any funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program and made available for assistance for Israel shall be disbursed within 30 days of the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further , That to the extent that the Government of Israel requests that funds be used for such purposes, grants made available for Israel under this heading shall, as agreed by the United States and Israel, be available for advanced weapons systems, of which not less than $450,300,000 shall be available for the procurement in Israel of defense articles and defense services, including research and development. (e) Jordan (1) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV, not less than $1,650,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for Jordan, of which not less than $845,100,000 shall be made available for budget support for the Government of Jordan and not less than $425,000,000 shall be made available under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program . (2) In addition to amounts made available pursuant to paragraph (1), not less than $400,000,000 of the funds appropriated under the heading Economic Support Fund shall be made available for assistance for Jordan, which shall be made available for budget support, and not less than $50,000,000 of the funds appropriated under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program shall be made available for assistance for Jordan. (f) Lebanon (1) Limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for the Lebanese Internal Security Forces (ISF) or the Lebanese Armed Forces (LAF) if the ISF or the LAF is controlled by a foreign terrorist organization, as designated pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1189 ). (2) Security assistance (A) Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement and Foreign Military Financing Program that are made available for assistance for Lebanon may be made available for programs and equipment for the ISF and the LAF to address security and stability requirements in areas affected by conflict in Syria, following consultation with the appropriate congressional committees. (B) Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program that are made available for assistance for Lebanon may only be made available for programs to— (i) professionalize the LAF to mitigate internal and external threats from non-state actors, including Hizballah; (ii) strengthen the security of borders and combat terrorism, including training and equipping the LAF to secure the borders of Lebanon and address security and stability requirements in areas affected by conflict in Syria, interdicting arms shipments, and preventing the use of Lebanon as a safe haven for terrorist groups; and (iii) implement United Nations Security Council Resolution 1701: Provided, That prior to obligating funds made available by this subparagraph for assistance for the LAF, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a spend plan, including actions to be taken to ensure equipment provided to the LAF is used only for the intended purposes, except such plan may not be considered as meeting the notification requirements under section 7015 of this Act or under section 634A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided further, That any notification submitted pursuant to such section shall include any funds specifically intended for lethal military equipment. (g) Morocco Funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act shall be made available for assistance for Morocco. (h) Saudi arabia (1) None of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading International Military Education and Training should be made available for assistance for the Government of Saudi Arabia. (2) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs should be obligated or expended by the Export-Import Bank of the United States to guarantee, insure, or extend (or participate in the extension of) credit in connection with the export of nuclear technology, equipment, fuel, materials, or other nuclear technology-related goods or services to Saudi Arabia unless the Government of Saudi Arabia— (A) has in effect a nuclear cooperation agreement pursuant to section 123 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 ( 42 U.S.C. 2153 ); (B) has committed to renounce uranium enrichment and reprocessing on its territory under that agreement; and (C) has signed and implemented an Additional Protocol to its Comprehensive Safeguards Agreement with the International Atomic Energy Agency. (i) Syria (1) Non-lethal assistance Funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV may be made available, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for non-lethal stabilization assistance for Syria (including northwest Syria), including for emergency medical and rescue response and chemical weapons investigations. (2) Limitations Funds made available pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection— (A) may not be made available for a project or activity that supports or otherwise legitimizes the Government of Iran, foreign terrorist organizations (as designated pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1189 )), or a proxy of Iran in Syria; (B) may not be made available for activities that further the strategic objectives of the Government of the Russian Federation that the Secretary of State determines may threaten or undermine United States national security interests; and (C) may not be used directly or indirectly in areas of Syria controlled by a government led by Bashar al-Assad or associated forces or made available to an organization or entity effectively controlled by an official or immediate family member of an official of such government. (3) Monitoring, oversight, consultation, and notification (A) Prior to the obligation of funds appropriated by this Act and made available for assistance for Syria, the Secretary of State shall take all practicable steps to ensure that mechanisms are in place for monitoring, oversight, and control of such assistance inside Syria. (B) Funds made available pursuant to this subsection may only be made available following consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such consultation shall include the steps taken to comply with subparagraph (A) and steps intended to be taken to comply with section 7015(j) of this Act. (j) West bank and gaza (1) Limitations (A) None of the funds appropriated under the heading Economic Support Fund in this Act may be made available for assistance for the Palestinian Authority, if after the date of enactment of this Act— (i) the Palestinians obtain the same standing as member states or full membership as a state in the United Nations or any specialized agency thereof outside an agreement negotiated between Israel and the Palestinians; or (ii) the Palestinians initiate an International Criminal Court (ICC) judicially authorized investigation, or actively support such an investigation, that subjects Israeli nationals to an investigation for alleged crimes against Palestinians. (B) (i) The President may waive the provisions of section 1003 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1988 and 1989 ( Public Law 100–204 ) if the President determines and certifies in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore of the Senate, and the appropriate congressional committees that the Palestinians have not, after the date of enactment of this Act— (I) obtained in the United Nations or any specialized agency thereof the same standing as member states or full membership as a state outside an agreement negotiated between Israel and the Palestinians; (II) initiated or actively supported an ICC investigation against Israeli nationals for alleged crimes against Palestinians; and (III) initiated any further action, whether directly or indirectly, based on an Advisory Opinion of the International Court of Justice that undermines direct negotiations to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, including matters related to final status and Israel’s longstanding security rights and responsibilities. (ii) Not less than 90 days after the President is unable to make the certification pursuant to clause (i) of this subparagraph, the President may waive section 1003 of Public Law 100–204 if the President determines and certifies in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore of the Senate, and the Committees on Appropriations that the Palestinians have entered into direct and meaningful negotiations with Israel: Provided, That any waiver of the provisions of section 1003 of Public Law 100–204 under clause (i) of this subparagraph or under previous provisions of law must expire before the waiver under this clause may be exercised. (iii) Any waiver pursuant to this subparagraph shall be effective for no more than a period of 6 months at a time and shall not apply beyond 12 months after the enactment of this Act. (C) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for the Office of Palestinian Affairs, Department of State. (2) Application of taylor force act Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund that are made available for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza shall be made available consistent with section 1004(a) of the Taylor Force Act (title X of division S of Public Law 115–141 ). (3) Security report The reporting requirements in section 1404 of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2008 ( Public Law 110–252 ) shall apply to funds made available by this Act, including a description of modifications, if any, to the security strategy of the Palestinian Authority. (4) Incitement report Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees detailing steps taken by the Palestinian Authority to counter incitement of violence against Israelis and to promote peace and coexistence with Israel. (5) Directive Beginning in fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of State shall bifurcate the budget operating unit of West Bank and Gaza into separate units. (k) Yemen None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to revoke the designation of Ansarallah as a Specially Designated Global Terrorist group. AFRICA 7042. (a) Counter illicit armed groups Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available for programs and activities in areas affected by the Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA) or other illicit armed groups in Eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Central African Republic, including to improve physical access, telecommunications infrastructure, and early-warning mechanisms and to support the disarmament, demobilization, and reintegration of former LRA combatants, especially child soldiers. (b) Ethiopia Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Ethiopia should be used to support— (1) political dialogue; (2) civil society and the protection of human rights; (3) investigations and prosecutions of gross violations of human rights; (4) efforts to provide unimpeded access to, and monitoring of, humanitarian assistance; and (5) the restoration of basic services in areas impacted by conflict. (c) Malawi Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for higher education programs in Malawi shall be made available for higher education and workforce development programs in agriculture as described under this section in the report accompanying this Act. (d) Power africa Prior to the initial obligation of funds appropriated by this Act and made available for the Power Africa program, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall submit the report required under this section in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such funds shall be used for all-of-the-above energy development consistent with the Electrify Africa Act of 2015 ( Public Law 114–121 ). (e) South sudan None of the funds appropriated by this Act under title IV may be made available for assistance for the central Government of South Sudan, except to support implementation of outstanding issues of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement, mutual arrangements related to post-referendum issues associated with such Agreement, or any other viable peace agreement in South Sudan. (f) Sudan (1) Limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act under title IV may be made available for assistance for the central Government of Sudan, except to support implementation of outstanding issues of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement, mutual arrangements related to post-referendum issues associated with such Agreement, or any other viable peace agreement in Sudan. (2) Consultation Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for any new program, project, or activity in Sudan shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees. (g) Zimbabwe (1) Instruction The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to vote against any extension by the respective institution of any loan or grant to the Government of Zimbabwe, except to meet basic human needs or to promote democracy, unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the rule of law has been restored, including respect for ownership and title to property, and freedoms of expression, association, and assembly. (2) Limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available for assistance for the central Government of Zimbabwe, except for health and education, unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports as required in paragraph (1). EAST ASIA AND THE PACIFIC 7043. (a) Burma (1) Uses of funds Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund may be made available for assistance for Burma for the purposes described in section 5575 of the Burma Act of 2022 (subtitle E of title LV of division E of Public Law 117–263 ) and section 7043(a) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2023 (division K of Public Law 117–328 ): Provided, That the authorities, limitations, and conditions contained in section 7043(a) of division K of Public Law 117–328 shall apply to funds made available for assistance for Burma under this Act, except for the minimum funding requirements and paragraph (1)(B): Provided further, That for the purposes of section 5575 of the Burma Act of 2022 and assistance for Burma made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, non-lethal assistance shall include equipment and associated training to support— (A) atrocities prevention; (B) the protection of civilians from military attack; (C) the delivery of humanitarian assistance; (D) investigations into genocide and human rights violations committed by the Burmese military; (E) local governance and the provision of services in areas outside the control of the Burmese military; and (F) medical trauma care, supplies, and training. (2) Deserter programs Pursuant to section 7043(a)(1)(A) of division K of Public Law 117–328 , as continued in effect by this subsection, funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for assistance for Burma shall be made available for programs and activities to support deserters from the military junta and its allied entities, following consultation with the appropriate congressional committees. (b) Cambodia Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act but prior to the initial obligation of funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Cambodia, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of the extent of the influence of the People’s Republic of China in Cambodia, including on the Government of Cambodia and with respect to the purposes and operations of Ream Naval Base. (c) Indo-Pacific strategy (1) Assistance Of the funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act, not less than $2,100,000,000 shall be made available to support implementation of the Indo-Pacific Strategy. (2) Countering prc influence fund Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs , and Foreign Military Financing Program , not less than $400,000,000 shall be made available for a Countering PRC Influence Fund to counter the influence of the Government of the People’s Republic of China and the Chinese Communist Party and entities acting on their behalf globally, which shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such funds are in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purposes: Provided further , That up to 10 percent of such funds shall be held in reserve to respond to unanticipated opportunities to counter PRC influence: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to this paragraph under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program may remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That funds appropriated by this Act for such Fund under the headings International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs , and Foreign Military Financing Program may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under such headings: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by this Act or any other Act, and is subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (3) Restriction on uses of funds None of the funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for any project or activity that directly supports or promotes— (A) the Belt and Road Initiative or any dual-use infrastructure projects of the People’s Republic of China; or (B) the use of technology, including biotechnology, digital, telecommunications, and cyber, developed by the People’s Republic of China unless the Secretary of State, in consultation with the USAID Administrator and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, determines that such use does not adversely impact the national security of the United States. (4) Maps None of the funds made available by this Act should be used to create, procure, or display any map that inaccurately depicts the territory and social and economic system of Taiwan and the islands or island groups administered by Taiwan authorities. (d) North korea (1) Cybersecurity None of the funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees engages in significant transactions contributing materially to the malicious cyber-intrusion capabilities of the Government of North Korea: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall submit the report required by section 209 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–122 ; 22 U.S.C. 9229 ) to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State may waive the application of the restriction in this paragraph with respect to assistance for the central government of a country if the Secretary determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that to do so is important to the national security interest of the United States, including a description of such interest served. (2) Broadcasts Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading International Broadcasting Operations shall be made available to maintain broadcasting hours into North Korea at levels not less than the prior fiscal year. (3) Human rights Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Economic Support Fund and Democracy Fund shall be made available for the promotion of human rights in North Korea: Provided, That the authority of section 7032(b)(1) of this Act shall apply to such funds. (4) Limitation on use of funds None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund may be made available for assistance for the Government of North Korea. (e) Pacific islands countries (1) Operations Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Diplomatic Programs for the Department of State and Operating Expenses for the United States Agency for International Development shall be made available to expand the United States diplomatic and development presence in Pacific Islands countries (PICs), including the number and location of facilities and personnel. (2) Assistance Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs , and Foreign Military Financing Program , not less than $175,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for PICs. (f) People's republic of china (1) Prohibition (A) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the Government of the People’s Republic of China or the Chinese Communist Party. (B) None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used to implement, administer, carry out, modify, revise, or enforce any action that directly supports or facilitates forced labor or other violations of human rights, crimes against humanity, or genocide in the People’s Republic of China. (2) Hong kong Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the first paragraph under the heading Democracy Fund , not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for democracy and Internet freedom programs for Hong Kong, including legal and other support for democracy activists. (g) Philippines Of the funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV, not less than $180,300,000 shall be made available for assistance for the Philippines, of which not less than $80,300,000 shall be made available under the heading Development Assistance and not less than $100,000,000 shall be made available under the heading “Foreign Military Financing Program”. (h) Taiwan (1) Global cooperation and training framework Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund , not less than $4,000,000 shall be made available for the Global Cooperation and Training Framework, which shall be administered by the American Institute in Taiwan. (2) Foreign military financing program Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program , not less than $500,000,000 (increased by $10,000,000) shall be made available for assistance for Taiwan: Provided, That the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, shall prioritize the delivery of defense articles and services for Taiwan, as authorized by section 5502(g) of the Taiwan Enhanced Resilience Act (subtitle A of title LV of division E of Public Law 117–263 ). (3) Foreign military financing program loan and loan guarantee authority Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program , except for amounts designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, may be made available for the costs, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans and loan guarantees for Taiwan, as authorized by section 5502(g) of the Taiwan Enhanced Resilience Act (subtitle A of title LV of division E of Public Law 117–263 ). (4) Fellowship program Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Payment to the American Institute in Taiwan shall be made available for the Taiwan Fellowship Program. (5) Consultation Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the uses of funds made available pursuant to this subsection: Provided, That such funds shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (i) Tibet (1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund , not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available to nongovernmental organizations with experience working with Tibetan communities to support activities which preserve cultural traditions and promote sustainable development, education, and environmental conservation in Tibetan communities in the Tibet Autonomous Region and in other Tibetan communities in China, as authorized by section 346(d) of the Tibetan Policy and Support Act of 2020 (subtitle E of title III of division FF of Public Law 116–260 ). (2) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund , not less than $8,000,000 shall be made available for programs to promote and preserve Tibetan culture and language in the refugee and diaspora Tibetan communities, development, and the resilience of Tibetan communities and the Central Tibetan Administration in India and Nepal, and to assist in the education and development of the next generation of Tibetan leaders from such communities, as authorized by section 346(e) of the Tibetan Policy and Support Act of 2020 (subtitle E of title III of division FF of Public Law 116–260 ): Provided, That such funds are in addition to amounts made available in paragraph (1) for programs inside Tibet. (3) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund , not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for programs to strengthen the capacity of the Central Tibetan Administration, as authorized by section 346(f) of the Tibetan Policy and Support Act of 2020 (subtitle E of title III of division FF of Public Law 116–260 ), of which up to $1,500,000 may be made available to address economic growth and capacity building activities, including for displaced Tibetan refugee families in India and Nepal to help meet basic needs, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such funds shall be administered by USAID. SOUTH AND CENTRAL ASIA 7044. (a) Afghanistan (1) Restriction None of the funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Afghanistan may be made available for assistance to the Taliban. (2) Afghan women Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund that are made available for assistance for Afghanistan shall be made available for— (A) programs to investigate and document human rights abuses against women in Afghanistan; and (B) a program for Afghan women-led organizations to support education, human rights, and economic livelihoods in Afghanistan: Provided , That such program shall be co-designed by women in Afghanistan. (3) Afghan students Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be made available to— (A) support the higher education of students from Afghanistan studying outside of the country, including the costs of reimbursement to institutions hosting such students, as appropriate: Provided, That the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to the initial obligation of funds for such purposes; and (B) provide modified learning opportunities for women and girls in Afghanistan, including but not limited to, efforts to expand internet access, online schooling, and distribution of educational content. (b) Pakistan (1) Limitation Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program that are made available for assistance for Pakistan may only be made available to support counterterrorism and counterinsurgency capabilities in Pakistan. (2) Withholding Of the funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act that are made available for assistance for Pakistan, $33,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State reports to the Committees on Appropriations that Dr. Shakil Afridi has been released from prison and cleared of all charges relating to the assistance provided to the United States in locating Osama bin Laden. (c) Sri lanka (1) Assistance Funds appropriated under title III of this Act shall be made available for assistance for Sri Lanka for democracy and economic development programs, particularly in areas recovering from ethnic and religious conflict. (2) Certification Funds appropriated by this Act for assistance for the central Government of Sri Lanka may be made available only if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such Government is taking effective and consistent steps to— (A) protect the rights and freedoms of the people of Sri Lanka regardless of ethnicity and religious belief, including by investigating violations of human rights and the laws of war and holding perpetrators of such violations accountable; (B) implement the necessary political, economic, military, and legal reforms to enable economic recovery and to prevent conflict and future economic crises; (C) increase transparency and accountability in governance and combat corruption, including bringing to justice public officials who have engaged in significant acts of corruption; (D) assert its sovereignty against influence by the People’s Republic of China; and (E) promote reconciliation between ethnic and religious groups, particularly arising from past conflict in Sri Lanka, as described under this section in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That the limitations of this paragraph shall not apply to funds made available for humanitarian assistance and disaster response; to protect human rights, locate and identify missing persons, and assist victims of torture and trauma; to promote justice, accountability, and reconciliation; to enhance maritime security and domain awareness; to promote fiscal transparency and sovereignty; and for International Military Education and Training. (3) Limitation Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for the Sri Lankan armed forces may only be made available for— (A) international peacekeeping operations training; (B) humanitarian assistance and disaster response; (C) instruction in human rights and related curricula development; (D) maritime security and domain awareness, including professionalization and training for the navy and coast guard; and (E) programs and activities under the heading International Military Education and Training . (4) Consultation Funds made available for assistance for Sri Lanka for international peacekeeping operations training shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN 7045. (a) Assistance for latin america and the caribbean (1) Assistance Funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV and made available for countries in Latin America and the Caribbean shall be prioritized for countries and programs that are— (A) countering fentanyl and other narcotics trafficking; (B) respecting norms of democracy, constitutional order, and human rights; (C) cooperating in the countering of regional and global authoritarian threats; and (D) demonstrating commitment and progress in offsetting large-scale migration and human trafficking from or through the Western Hemisphere. (2) Strategic priorities Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees on a hemispheric plan to further the strategic priorities contained in paragraph (1): Provided , That such plan shall include baseline definitions for the requirements in subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D). (b) Central america (1) Assistance Funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act shall be made available for assistance for countries in Central America, including Panama and Costa Rica, and shall be allocated to address the unique circumstances of each country in support of United States security interests in the region. (2) Limitation on assistance to certain central governments (A) Of the funds made available pursuant to paragraph (1), 80 percent of such funds that are made available for assistance for each of the central governments of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras may only be obligated after the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such government is— (i) cooperating with the United States to counter drug trafficking, human trafficking and smuggling, and other transnational crime; (ii) cooperating with the United States and other governments in the region to facilitate the return, repatriation, and reintegration of migrants arriving at the southwest border of the United States who do not qualify for asylum, consistent with international law; (iii) taking demonstrable actions to secure national borders and stem mass migration towards Mexico and the United States, including positive governance related to combating crime and violence, building economic opportunity, improving services, and protecting human rights; (iv) improving strategies to combat money laundering and other global financial crimes, and counter corruption, including investigating and prosecuting government officials, military personnel, and police officers credibly alleged to be corrupt; (v) improving rule of law and taking positive steps to counter impunity; and (vi) improving the conditions for businesses to operate and invest, including investment-friendly tax reform, transparent and expeditious dispute resolution, and legal frameworks protecting private property rights. (B) Exceptions The limitation of subparagraph (A) shall not apply to funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for— (i) judicial entities to combat corruption and impunity; (ii) investigation of human rights abuses; (iii) support for women’s economic empowerment; (iv) prevention of violence against women and girls; (v) security assistance to combat transnational crime, including narcotics trafficking; (vi) security assistance to protect national borders; and (vii) security assistance associated with migration protection. (c) Colombia (1) Pre-obligation report Prior to the initial obligation of funds appropriated by this Act and made available for assistance for Colombia, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the status of United States bilateral relations with the Government of Colombia, including analysis of how such Government’s current policies align with United States national interests such as mitigating irregular migration; supporting rule of law, democracy and strong institutions; and countering narcotics trafficking, terrorist organizations, human trafficking, and antisemitism. (2) Withholding of funds Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement that are made available for assistance for Colombia, 30 percent may be obligated only if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that in the previous 12 months the Government of Colombia has— (A) reduced overall coca cultivation, production, and drug trafficking; (B) continued cooperating with the United States on joint counternarcotics operations; and (C) maintained extradition cooperation with the United States. (3) Limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for assistance for Colombia may be made available for— (A) reparation payments; (B) alternative development assistance on properties where substances deemed illegal under the Controlled Substance Act of 1970 are grown, produced, imported, or distributed; (C) compensation awarded to demobilized combatants through the implementation of the 2016 peace agreement between the Government of Colombia and illegal armed groups; and (D) agrarian cash subsidies. (4) Oversight Of the funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the heading Economic Support Fund , up to $1,000,000 may be used by the Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development for audits and other activities related to compliance with the limitations in paragraph (3)(B): Provided , That such funds are in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes. (5) Authority Aircraft supported by funds made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs and made available for assistance for Colombia may be used to transport personnel and supplies involved in drug eradication and interdiction, including security for such activities. (d) Cuba (1) Democracy programs Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund , not less than $35,000,000 shall be made available to promote democracy and strengthen civil society in Cuba, including to support political prisoners, and shall be administered by the United States Agency for International Development, the National Endowment for Democracy, and the Bureau for Democracy Human Rights and Labor, Department of State: Provided , That no funds shall be obligated for business promotion, economic reform, entrepreneurship, or any other assistance that is not democracy building as expressly authorized in the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 and the Cuban Democracy Act of 1992. (2) Public diplomacy limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act in title I and made available for public diplomacy programs may be made available for business promotion, economic reform, entrepreneurship, or any other activity or exchange in Cuba, or with Cuban nationals abroad, that is not democracy building as expressly authorized in the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 and the Cuban Democracy Act of 1992. (3) Prohibitions (A) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be used to revoke the designation of Cuba as a State Sponsor of Terrorism. (B) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be used to eliminate or diminish the Cuba Restricted List as maintained by the Department of State, or to otherwise allow, facilitate or encourage financial transactions with entities on the Cuba Restricted List, as well as other entities or individuals within the Cuban military or Cuban intelligence services, high level members of the Communist Party, those licensed by the Cuban government, or the immediate family members of these entities or individuals. (e) Cuban doctors (1) Report Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees listing the countries and international organizations for which the Secretary has credible information are directly paying the Government of Cuba for coerced and trafficked labor of Cuban medical professionals: Provided, That such report shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (2) Designation The Secretary of State shall apply the requirements of section 7031(c) of this Act to officials from countries and organizations identified in the report required pursuant to the previous paragraph. (3) Limitation (A) None of the funds appropriated by this Act under title III may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country or international organization that is listed in the report required by paragraph (1). (B) The Secretary may resume assistance to the government of a country or international organization listed in the report required by paragraph (1) if the Secretary determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that such government or international organization no longer pays the Government of Cuba for coerced and trafficked labor of Cuban medical professionals. (f) Facilitating irresponsible migration (1) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to encourage, mobilize, publicize, or manage mass-migration caravans towards the United States southwest border: Provided, That not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall report to the appropriate congressional committees with analysis on the organization and funding of mass-migration caravans in the Western Hemisphere. (2) Unless expressly authorized by a subsequent Act of Congress, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available— (A) to designate foreign nationals residing in Mexico and awaiting entry into the United States on the Mexico side of the United States border as of May 19, 2023 for Priority 2 processing under the refugee resettlement priority system; (B) for the Safe Mobility Offices; and (C) for the Welcome Corps or any successor programs. (3) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs and made available for the Office of the Secretary, 15 percent shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State reports to the appropriate congressional committees that negotiations have begun with each of the governments listed in section 302 of H.R. 2, as passed by the House of Representatives on May 5, 2023, to carry out the directives of such section: Provided , That such report shall detail the status of such negotiations with each government. (g) Haiti (1) Assistance Funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV shall be made available for assistance for Haiti to support the basic needs of the Haitian people. (2) Certification Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Haiti may only be made available for the central Government of Haiti if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees by January 1, 2025 that elections have been scheduled or held in Haiti and it is in the national interest of the United States to provide such assistance. (3) Exceptions Notwithstanding paragraph (2), funds may be made available to support— (A) democracy programs; (B) anti-gang police, and administration of justice programs, including to reduce pre-trial detention and eliminate inhumane prison conditions; (C) public health, food security, subsistence farmers, water and sanitation, education, and other programs to meet basic human needs; and (D) disaster relief and recovery. (4) Consultation Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for any new program, project, or activity in Haiti shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided , That the requirement of this paragraph shall also apply to any funds from such Acts that are made available for support for an international security force in Haiti. (5) Haitian coast guard The Government of Haiti shall be eligible to purchase defense articles and services under the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq. ) for the Coast Guard. (h) Mexico (1) Water deliveries None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for assistance for Mexico until the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the United States and Mexico have entered into an agreement to balance the deficit of water deliveries to the United States by Mexico, as prescribed by Article 4, Section B of the Treaty Between the United States of America and Mexico Relating to the Utilization of Waters of the Colorado and Tijuana Rivers and of the Rio Grande, February 3, 1944 (59 Stat. 1219): Provided , That the limitation of this paragraph shall not apply to funds made available to counter the flow of fentanyl, fentanyl precursors, and other synthetic drugs into the United States. (2) Counternarcotics Of the funds appropriated by this Act under title IV that are made available for assistance for Mexico, 30 percent may only be obligated after the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that in the previous 12 months the Government of Mexico has taken steps to— (A) reduce the amount of fentanyl arriving at the United States-Mexico border; (B) dismantle and hold accountable transnational criminal organizations; (C) support joint counternarcotics operations and intelligence sharing with United States counterparts; (D) respect extradition requests for criminals sought by the United States; and (E) increase counternarcotics engagement at both federal and state levels. (i) Nicaragua Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Development Assistance , not less than $15,000,000 shall be made available for democracy and religious freedom programs for Nicaragua. (j) Organization of american states (1) The Secretary of State shall instruct the United States Permanent Representative to the Organization of American States (OAS) to use the voice and vote of the United States to: (A) implement budgetary reforms and efficiencies within the Organization; (B) eliminate arrears, increase other donor contributions, and impose penalties for successive late payment of assessments; (C) prevent programmatic and organizational redundancies and consolidate duplicative activities and functions; (D) prioritize areas in which the OAS has expertise, such as strengthening democracy, monitoring electoral processes, and protecting human rights; and (E) implement reforms within the Office of the Inspector General (OIG) to ensure the OIG has the necessary leadership, integrity, professionalism, independence, policies, and procedures to properly carry out its responsibilities in a manner that meets or exceeds best practices in the United States. (2) Prior to the obligation of funds appropriated by this Act and made available for an assessed contribution to the Organization of American States, but not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on actions taken or planned to be taken pursuant to paragraph (1) that are in addition to actions taken during the preceding fiscal year, and the results of such actions. (k) The caribbean Of the funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV, not less than $97,500,000 shall be made available for the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative: Provided , That funds made available above the fiscal year 2024 level shall be prioritized for countries within the transit zones of illicit drug shipments toward the United States that have increased interdiction of illicit drugs and are most directly impacted by the crisis in Haiti. (l) Venezuela (1) Assistance (A) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Economic Support Fund , $50,000,000 shall be made available for democracy programs for Venezuela. (B) Of the funds made available pursuant to subparagraph (A), an amount equal to 50 percent of the amount made available in the previous fiscal year for elections programming shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that elections in 2024— (i) allowed for the diaspora from Venezuela to participate; (ii) permitted credible, unobstructed international observation; and (iii) permitted opposition candidates selected through credible and democratic processes to participate. (C) Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available for assistance for communities in countries supporting or otherwise impacted by migrants from Venezuela: Provided, That such amounts are in addition to funds otherwise made available for assistance for such countries and are subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (2) Limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to negotiate the lifting of sanctions on the purchase or trade of gold extracted from Venezuela until the Secretary of State submits a report to the appropriate congressional committees on human rights abuses, crimes against humanity involving Indigenous peoples, environmental harm, and patrimonial theft associated with state-sponsored and illegal gold extraction from Venezuela’s Orinoco Mining Arc and in national parks and reserves in Venezuela, including the Canaima National Park, and following consultation with such committees. EUROPE AND EURASIA 7046. (a) Section 907 of the freedom support act Section 907 of the FREEDOM Support Act ( 22 U.S.C. 5812 note) shall not apply to— (1) activities to support democracy or assistance under title V of the FREEDOM Support Act ( 22 U.S.C. 5851 et seq. ) and section 1424 of the Defense Against Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 1996 ( 50 U.S.C. 2333 ) or non-proliferation assistance; (2) any assistance provided by the Trade and Development Agency under section 661 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961; (3) any activity carried out by a member of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service while acting within his or her official capacity; (4) any insurance, reinsurance, guarantee, or other assistance provided by the United States International Development Finance Corporation as authorized by the BUILD Act of 2018 (division F of Public Law 115–254 ); (5) any financing provided under the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 ( Public Law 79–173 ); or (6) humanitarian assistance. (b) Territorial integrity None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for a government of an Independent State of the former Soviet Union if such government directs any action in violation of the territorial integrity or national sovereignty of any other Independent State of the former Soviet Union, such as those violations included in the Helsinki Final Act: Provided , That except as otherwise provided in section 7047(a) of this Act, funds may be made available without regard to the restriction in this subsection if the President determines that to do so is in the national security interest of the United States: Provided further , That prior to executing the authority contained in the previous proviso, the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on how such assistance supports the national security interest of the United States. (c) Turkey None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to facilitate or support the sale of defense articles or defense services to the Turkish Presidential Protection Directorate (TPPD) under chapter 2 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2761 et seq. ) unless the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that members of the TPPD who are named in the July 17, 2017, indictment by the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, and against whom there are pending charges, have returned to the United States to stand trial in connection with the offenses contained in such indictment or have otherwise been brought to justice: Provided , That the limitation in this paragraph shall not apply to the use of funds made available by this Act for border security purposes, for North Atlantic Treaty Organization or coalition operations, or to enhance the protection of United States officials and facilities in Turkey. (d) Ukraine (1) Cost matching Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Economic Support Fund and Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia that are made available for contributions to the Government of Ukraine may not exceed 50 percent of the total amount provided for such assistance by all sources: Provided, That the President may waive the limitation in this paragraph if the President determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that to do so is in the national security interest of the United States, including a detailed justification for such determination and an explanation as to why other donors to the Government of Ukraine are unable to meet or exceed such level: Provided further, That following such determination, the President shall submit a report to the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, the Majority and Minority Leaders of the Senate, and the appropriate congressional committees every 120 days while assistance is provided in reliance on the determination under the previous proviso detailing steps taken by the Department of State to increase other donor contributions and an update on the status of such contributions: Provided further, That the requirements of this paragraph shall continue in effect until funds made available by this Act pursuant to this paragraph have been expended. (2) Oversight (A) Staffing Funds appropriated under titles I and II of this Act shall be made available to support the appropriate level of staff in Ukraine and neighboring countries to conduct effective monitoring and oversight of United States foreign assistance and ensure the safety and security of United States personnel, consistent with the strategy required in paragraph (1). (B) In-person monitoring The Secretary of State shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Economic Support Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , and Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs and made available for project-based assistance for Ukraine are subject to in-person monitoring by United States personnel or by vetted third party monitors. (C) Certification Not later than 15 days prior to the initial obligation of funds appropriated by this Act and made available for assistance for Ukraine under the headings Economic Support Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs , and Foreign Military Financing Program , the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall jointly certify and report to the appropriate congressional committees that mechanisms for monitoring and oversight of funds are in place and functioning to ensure accountability of such funds to prevent waste, fraud, abuse, diversion, and corruption, including mechanisms such as use of third-party monitors, enhanced end-use monitoring, external and independent audits and evaluations, randomized spot checks, and regular reporting on outcomes achieved and progress made toward stated program objectives, consistent with the strategy required in paragraph (1): Provided, That section 7015(e) of this Act shall apply to the certification requirement of this subparagraph. (D) Notification The requirements of section 1706 of the Additional Ukraine Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2023 (division M of Public Law 117–328 ) shall apply to funds appropriated by this Act under titles I through IV that are made available for assistance for Ukraine. (E) Reports (i) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act and every 90 days thereafter until all funds appropriated by this Act and made available for Ukraine have been expended, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall provide a comprehensive report to the appropriate congressional committees on assistance made available for Ukraine since February 24, 2022, in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs: Provided, That such report shall include the total amount of such funds, disaggregated by account and fiscal year, that remain unobligated, are obligated but unexpended, and are committed but not yet notified. (ii) Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act and every 90 days thereafter until all funds appropriated by this Act and made available for Ukraine have been expended, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall jointly report to the appropriate congressional committees on the use and planned uses of funds made available during fiscal year 2025 for assistance for Ukraine, including categories and amounts, the intended results and the results achieved, a summary of other donor contributions, and a description of the efforts undertaken by the Secretary and Administrator to increase other donor contributions: Provided, That such reports shall also include the metrics established to measure such results, and determine effectiveness of funds provided, and a detailed description of coordination and information sharing with the Offices of the Inspectors General, including a full accounting of any reported allegations of waste, fraud, abuse, and corruption, steps taken to verify such allegations, and steps taken to address all verified allegations. (F) Transparency The reports required under this subsection shall be made publicly available consistent with the requirements of section 7016(b) of this Act. COUNTERING RUSSIAN INFLUENCE AND AGGRESSION 7047. (a) Prohibition None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central Government of the Russian Federation. (b) Annexation of territory (1) Prohibition None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country that the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations has taken affirmative steps intended to support or be supportive of the Russian Federation annexation of Crimea or other territory in Ukraine: Provided, That except as otherwise provided in subsection (a), the Secretary may waive the restriction on assistance required by this paragraph if the Secretary determines and reports to such Committees that to do so is in the national interest of the United States, and includes a justification for such interest. (2) Limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for— (A) the implementation of any action or policy that recognizes the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea or other territory in Ukraine; (B) the facilitation, financing, or guarantee of United States Government investments in Crimea or other territory in Ukraine under the control of the Russian Federation or Russian-backed forces, if such activity includes the participation of Russian Government officials, or other Russian owned or controlled financial entities; or (C) assistance for Crimea or other territory in Ukraine under the control of the Russian Federation or Russian-backed forces, if such assistance includes the participation of Russian Government officials, or other Russian owned or controlled financial entities. (3) International financial institutions The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any assistance by such institution (including any loan, credit, grant, or guarantee) for any program that violates the sovereignty or territorial integrity of Ukraine. (4) Duration The requirements and limitations of this subsection shall cease to be in effect if the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the Government of Ukraine has reestablished sovereignty over Crimea and other territory in Ukraine under the control of the Russian Federation or Russian-backed forces. (c) Occupation of the georgian territories of abkhazia and tskhinvali region/South ossetia (1) Prohibition None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country that the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations has recognized the independence of, or has established diplomatic relations with, the Russian Federation occupied Georgian territories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia: Provided, That the Secretary shall publish on the Department of State website a list of any such central governments in a timely manner: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the restriction on assistance required by this paragraph if the Secretary determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is in the national interest of the United States, and includes a justification for such interest. (2) Limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available to support the Russian Federation occupation of the Georgian territories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia. (3) International financial institutions The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any assistance by such institution (including any loan, credit, grant, or guarantee) for any program that violates the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. (d) Countering russian influence fund Of the funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , International Military Education and Training , and Foreign Military Financing Program , not less than $300,000,000 shall be made available to carry out the purposes of the Countering Russian Influence Fund, as authorized by section 254 of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 ( Public Law 115–44 ; 22 U.S.C. 9543 ) and notwithstanding the country limitation in subsection (b) of such section, and programs to enhance the capacity of law enforcement and security forces in countries in Europe, Eurasia, and Central Asia and strengthen security cooperation between such countries and the United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, as appropriate: Provided, That funds made available pursuant to this paragraph under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program may remain available until September 30, 2026. UNITED NATIONS AND OTHER INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS 7048. (a) Transparency and accountability Of the funds appropriated by this Act that are available for contributions to the United Nations (including the Department of Peacekeeping Operations), international organizations, or any United Nations agency, 15 percent may not be obligated for such organization, department, or agency until the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the organization, department, or agency is— (1) posting on a publicly available website, consistent with privacy regulations and due process, regular financial and programmatic audits of such organization, department, or agency, and providing the United States Government with necessary access to such financial and performance audits; (2) effectively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures which meet or exceed best practices in the United States for the protection of whistleblowers from retaliation, including— (A) protection against retaliation for internal and lawful public disclosures; (B) legal burdens of proof; (C) statutes of limitation for reporting retaliation; (D) access to binding independent adjudicative bodies, including shared cost and selection of external arbitration; and (E) results that eliminate the effects of proven retaliation, including provision for the restoration of prior employment; and (3) effectively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures on the appropriate use of travel funds, including restrictions on first-class and business-class travel; (4) taking credible steps to combat anti-Israel bias; (5) developing and implementing mechanisms to inform donors of instances in which funds have been diverted or destroyed and an explanation of the response by the respective international organization; and (6) implementing policies and procedures to effectively vet staff for any affiliation with a terrorist organization. (b) Restrictions on united nations delegations and organizations (1) Restrictions on united states delegations None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay expenses for any United States delegation to any specialized agency, body, or commission of the United Nations if such agency, body, or commission is chaired or presided over by a country, the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 1754(c) of the Export Reform Control Act of 2018 ( 50 U.S.C. 4813(c) ), supports international terrorism. (2) Restrictions on contributions None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of State as a contribution to any organization, agency, commission, or program within the United Nations system if such organization, agency, commission, or program is chaired or presided over by a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, section 1754(c) of the Export Reform Control Act of 2018 ( 50 U.S.C. 4813(c) ), or any other provision of law, is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. (c) United nations human rights council (1) None of the funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available in support of the United Nations Human Rights Council unless the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that participation in the Council is important to the national security interest of the United States and that such Council is taking significant steps to remove Israel as a permanent agenda item and ensure integrity in the election of members to such Council: Provided, That such report shall include a description of the national security interest served and provide a detailed reform agenda, including a timeline to remove Israel as a permanent agenda item and ensure integrity in the election of members to such Council: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall withhold, from funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the heading Contributions to International Organizations for a contribution to the United Nations Regular Budget, the United States proportionate share of the total annual amount of the United Nations Regular Budget funding for the United Nations Human Rights Council until such determination and report is made: Provided further, That if the Secretary is unable to make such determination and report, such amounts may be reprogrammed for purposes other than the United Nations Regular Budget, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary shall report to the Committees on Appropriations not later than September 30, 2025, on the resolutions considered in the United Nations Human Rights Council during the previous 12 months, and on steps taken to remove Israel as a permanent agenda item and to improve the quality of membership through competitive elections. (2) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for a contribution, grant, or other payment to the United Nations International Commission of Inquiry on the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, and Israel, notwithstanding any other provision of law. (d) United Nations Relief And Works Agency (1) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available— (A) for a contribution, grant, or other payment to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA), notwithstanding any other provision of law; or (B) to solicit or otherwise encourage funds for UNRWA from other donors and sources, notwithstanding any other provision of law. (2) Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a transition plan to the appropriate congressional committees for providing assistance in the Middle East without direct or indirect funding to, or support from, UNRWA. (e) Prohibition of payments to united nations members None of the funds appropriated or made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act for carrying out the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, may be used to pay in whole or in part any assessments, arrearages, or dues of any member of the United Nations or, from funds appropriated by this Act to carry out chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the costs for participation of another country's delegation at international conferences held under the auspices of multilateral or international organizations. (f) Report Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations detailing the amount of funds available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2025 for contributions to any organization, department, agency, or program within the United Nations system or any international program that are withheld from obligation or expenditure due to any provision of law: Provided, That the Secretary shall update such report each time additional funds are withheld by operation of any provision of law: Provided further, That the reprogramming of any withheld funds identified in such report, including updates thereof, shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (g) Sexual exploitation and abuse in peacekeeping operations The Secretary of State shall, to the maximum extent practicable, withhold assistance to any unit of the security forces of a foreign country if the Secretary has credible information that such unit has engaged in sexual exploitation or abuse, including while serving in a United Nations peacekeeping operation, until the Secretary determines that the government of such country is taking effective steps to hold the responsible members of such unit accountable and to prevent future incidents: Provided, That the Secretary shall promptly notify the government of each country subject to any withholding of assistance pursuant to this paragraph, and shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of such withholding not later than 10 days after a determination to withhold such assistance is made: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, assist such government in bringing the responsible members of such unit to justice. (h) Additional availability Subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, funds appropriated by this Act which are returned or not made available due to the second proviso under the heading Contributions for International Peacekeeping Activities in title I of this Act or section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2227(a) ), shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026: Provided , That the requirement to withhold funds for programs in Burma under section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appropriated by this Act. (i) Procurement Restrictions None of the funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be used for the procurement by any entity of the United Nations system or any other multilateral organization of goods or services originating in, or produced by, any person in the Russian Federation, including any entity that is a shell or front company organized to disguise or obscure financial activity relating to such goods or services except when required for health and safety-related activities. (j) Accountability Requirement Prior to the initial obligation of funds appropriated by this Act and made available for any international organization that failed to enter into written agreements pursuant to section 7048(h) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2024 (division F of Public Law 118–47 ), the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report justifying such obligation and the policies and procedures in place to provide enhanced oversight of such international organization. (k) World Health Organization None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for a contribution, grant, or other payment to the World Health Organization. (l) International Conventions (1) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be made available to implement or support any international convention, agreement, protocol, legal instrument, or agreed outcome with legal force drafted by the intergovernmental negotiating body of the World Health Assembly or any other United Nations body until such instrument has been subject to the requirements of Article II, Section 2, Clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States, which requires the advice and consent of the Senate, with two-thirds of Senators concurring. (2) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs and designated for global health security may be obligated after such date the President, his designee, or any other United States official, signs, accedes to, accepts, approves, ratifies, or otherwise renders itself legally bound to, by executive agreement or otherwise, any convention, agreement, or other international instrument on pandemic prevention, preparedness, and response reached by the World Health Assembly without first submitting such convention, agreement, or instrument to the Senate as a treaty that is subject to the requirements of Article II, Section 2, Clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States, and receiving the advice and consent of the Senate to that instrument. (m) iVerify None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available to support iVerify or any other fact-checking tool of the United Nations Development Programme or any other international organization. (n) International Court of Justice None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for a contribution, grant, or other payment to the International Court of Justice, notwithstanding any other provision of law. (o) International Criminal Court None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for a contribution, grant, or other payment to the International Criminal Court, notwithstanding any other provision of law. (p) Arms Trade Treaty None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. Prohibition on Censorship 7049. (a) Restriction (1) Funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for programs to counter foreign propaganda and disinformation, and for related purposes, may only be made available for the purpose of countering such efforts by foreign state and non-state actors abroad. (2) None of the funds made available for the programs described in paragraph (1) may be used to— (A) characterize United States independent news media companies as creators of disinformation, misinformation, or malinformation; (B) advocate to, or act to, censor, filter, or remove content from a United States entity on social media platforms; or (C) take any action designed to influence consumer or advertising behavior toward United States media companies or social network platforms. (b) Global Engagement Center limitation None of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs may be made available to carry out the functions of the Global Engagement Center established pursuant to section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) beyond the termination date specified in subsection (j) of such Act unless expressly authorized by a subsequent Act of Congress. GLOBAL INTERNET FREEDOM 7050. (a) Funding Of the funds available for obligation during fiscal year 2025 under the headings International Broadcasting Operations , Economic Support Fund , Democracy Fund , and Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , not less than $94,000,000 shall be made available for programs to promote Internet freedom globally, consistent with section 9707 of the Department of State Authorization Act of 2022 (title XCVII of division I of Public Law 117–263 ). (b) Coordination and spend plans After consultation among the relevant agency heads to coordinate and de-conflict planned activities, but not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Chief Executive Officer of the United States Agency for Global Media, in consultation with the President of the Open Technology Fund, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations spend plans for funds made available by this Act for programs to promote Internet freedom globally, which shall include a description of safeguards established by relevant agencies to ensure that such programs are not used for illicit purposes: Provided, That the Department of State spend plan shall include funding for all such programs for all relevant Department of State and United States Agency for International Development offices and bureaus. TORTURE AND OTHER CRUEL, INHUMAN, OR DEGRADING TREATMENT OR PUNISHMENT 7051. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to support or justify the use of torture and other cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment by any official or contract employee of the United States Government. AIRCRAFT TRANSFER, COORDINATION, AND USE 7052. (a) Transfer authority Notwithstanding any other provision of law or regulation, aircraft procured with funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings Diplomatic Programs , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Andean Counterdrug Initiative , and Andean Counterdrug Programs may be used for any other program and in any region. (b) Property disposal The authority provided in subsection (a) shall apply only after the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that the equipment is no longer required to meet programmatic purposes in the designated country or region: Provided, That any such transfer shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (c) Aircraft coordination (1) Authority The uses of aircraft purchased or leased by the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development with funds made available in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be coordinated under the authority of the appropriate Chief of Mission: Provided, That such aircraft may be used to transport, on a reimbursable or non-reimbursable basis, Federal and non-Federal personnel supporting Department of State and USAID programs and activities: Provided further, That official travel for other agencies for other purposes may be supported on a reimbursable basis, or without reimbursement when traveling on a space available basis: Provided further, That funds received by the Department of State in connection with the use of aircraft owned, leased, or chartered by the Department of State may be credited to the Working Capital Fund of the Department and shall be available for expenses related to the purchase, lease, maintenance, chartering, or operation of such aircraft. (2) Scope The requirement and authorities of this subsection shall only apply to aircraft, the primary purpose of which is the transportation of personnel. (d) Aircraft operations and maintenance To the maximum extent practicable, the costs of operations and maintenance, including fuel, of aircraft funded by this Act shall be borne by the recipient country. PARKING FINES AND REAL PROPERTY TAXES OWED BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS 7053. The terms and conditions of section 7055 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111–117 ) shall apply to this Act: Provided, That subsection (f)(2)(B) of such section shall be applied by substituting September 30, 2024 for September 30, 2009 . INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND 7054. (a) Extensions The terms and conditions of sections 7086(b)(1) and (2) and 7090(a) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111–117 ) shall apply to this Act. (b) Repayment The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to seek to ensure that any loan will be repaid to the IMF before other private or multilateral creditors. EXTRADITION 7055. (a) Limitation None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be used to provide assistance (other than funds provided under the headings Development Assistance , International Disaster Assistance , Complex Crises Fund , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Migration and Refugee Assistance , United States Emergency Refugee and Migration Assistance Fund , and Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Assistance ) for the central government of a country which has notified the Department of State of its refusal to extradite to the United States any individual indicted for a criminal offense for which the maximum penalty is life imprisonment without the possibility of parole or for killing a law enforcement officer, as specified in a United States extradition request. (b) Clarification Subsection (a) shall only apply to the central government of a country with which the United States maintains diplomatic relations and with which the United States has an extradition treaty and the government of that country is in violation of the terms and conditions of the treaty. (c) Waiver The Secretary of State may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a case-by-case basis if the Secretary certifies to the Committees on Appropriations that such waiver is important to the national interest of the United States. ENTERPRISE FUNDS 7056. (a) Notification None of the funds made available under titles III through VI of this Act may be made available for Enterprise Funds unless the appropriate congressional committees are notified at least 15 days in advance. (b) Distribution of assets plan Prior to the distribution of any assets resulting from any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of an Enterprise Fund, in whole or in part, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan for the distribution of the assets of the Enterprise Fund. (c) Transition or operating plan Prior to a transition to and operation of any private equity fund or other parallel investment fund under an existing Enterprise Fund, the President shall submit such transition or operating plan to the appropriate congressional committees. limitations related to global health assistance 7057. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for the United Nations Population Fund. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for global health assistance may be made available to any foreign nongovernmental organization that promotes or performs abortion, except in cases of rape or incest or when the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term. GLOBAL HEALTH ACTIVITIES 7058. (a) In general Funds appropriated by titles III and IV of this Act that are made available for bilateral assistance for child survival activities or disease programs including activities relating to research on, and the prevention, treatment and control of, HIV/AIDS may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law except for provisions under the heading Global Health Programs and the United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 (117 Stat. 711; 22 U.S.C. 7601 et seq. ), as amended. (b) Limitation Of the funds appropriated by this Act, not more than $461,000,000 may be made available for family planning/reproductive health. (c) Pandemics and other infectious disease outbreaks (1) Global health security Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Global Health Programs shall be made available for global health security programs to accelerate the capacity of countries to prevent, detect, and respond to infectious disease outbreaks, including by strengthening public health capacity where there is a high risk of emerging zoonotic infectious diseases: Provided, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development and the Secretary of State, as appropriate, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the planned uses of such funds. (2) Extraordinary measures If the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that an international infectious disease outbreak is sustained, severe, and is spreading internationally, or that it is in the national interest to respond to a Public Health Emergency of International Concern, not to exceed an aggregate total of $200,000,000 of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Global Health Programs , Development Assistance , International Disaster Assistance , Complex Crises Fund , Economic Support Fund , Democracy Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , Migration and Refugee Assistance , and Millennium Challenge Corporation may be made available to combat such infectious disease or public health emergency, and may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under such headings for the purposes of this paragraph. (3) Emergency reserve fund Up to $50,000,000 of the funds made available under the heading Global Health Programs may be made available for the Emergency Reserve Fund established pursuant to section 7058(c)(1) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31 ): Provided, That such funds shall be made available under the same terms and conditions of such section. (4) Consultation and notification Funds made available by this subsection shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (d) Limitation Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to support directly or indirectly— (1) the Wuhan Institute of Virology located in the City of Wuhan in the People’s Republic of China; (2) the EcoHealth Alliance, Inc.; (3) any laboratory owned or controlled by the governments of the People’s Republic of China, the Republic of Cuba, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela under the regime of Nicolás Maduro Moros, or any other country determined by the Secretary of State to be a foreign adversary; or (4) gain-of-function research. (e) Childhood Cancer Funds appropriated under titles III and VI of this Act may be made available for public-private partnerships, including in coordination with relevant multilateral organizations and research entities, to address childhood cancer: Provided , That the Secretary and Administrator shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees on uses of funds for such partnerships. Women’s equality and EMPOWERMENT 7059. (a) In general Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available to promote the equality and empowerment of women and girls in United States Government diplomatic and development efforts by raising the status, increasing the economic participation and opportunities for political leadership, and protecting the rights of women and girls worldwide. (b) Women’s economic empowerment Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, $200,000,000 shall be made available to expand economic opportunities for women by increasing the number and capacity of women-owned enterprises, improving property rights for women, increasing women’s access to financial services and capital, enhancing the role of women in economic decision-making at the local, national, and international levels, and improving women’s ability to participate in the global economy, including through implementation of the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–428 ): Provided, That the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as applicable, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the uses of funds made available pursuant to this subsection. (c) Women’s leadership program Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $50,000,000 shall be made available for the Madeleine K. Albright Women’s Leadership Program, as established by section 7059(b) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2023 (division K of Public Law 117–328 ) for programs specifically designed to increase leadership opportunities for women in countries where women and girls suffer discrimination due to law, policy, or practice, by strengthening protections for women’s political status, expanding women’s participation in political parties and elections, and increasing women’s opportunities for leadership positions in the public and private sectors at the local, provincial, and national levels. (d) Prevention of violence against women and girls (1) Of the funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act, not less than $250,000,000 (increased by $1,000,000) shall be made available to prevent and respond to violence against women and girls. (2) Funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act that are available to train foreign police, judicial, and military personnel, including for international peacekeeping operations, shall address, where appropriate, prevention and response to violence against women and girls and trafficking in persons, and shall promote the integration of women into the police and other security forces. (3) Funds made available pursuant to this subsection should include efforts to combat a variety of forms of violence against women and girls, including child marriage, rape, and female genital cutting and mutilation. (e) Women, peace, and security Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , and International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , $150,000,000 should be made available to support a multi-year strategy to expand, and improve coordination of, United States Government efforts to empower women as equal partners in conflict prevention, peace building, transitional processes, and reconstruction efforts in countries affected by conflict or in political transition, and to ensure the equal provision of relief and recovery assistance to women and girls. (f) Prohibition None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for the Gender Equity and Equality Action Fund. SECTOR ALLOCATIONS 7060. (a) Basic education and higher education (1) Basic education (A) Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $922,000,000 shall be made available for the Nita M. Lowey Basic Education Fund: Provided, That such funds shall also be used for secondary education activities: Provided further, That of the funds made available by this paragraph, $150,000,000 should be available for the education of girls in areas of conflict. (B) Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act for assistance for basic education programs, not less than $152,000,000 shall be made available for contributions to multilateral partnerships that support education. (2) Higher education Of the funds appropriated by title III of this Act, not less than $271,000,000 shall be made available for assistance for higher education: Provided, That of such amount, not less than $33,000,000 shall be made available for new and ongoing partnerships between higher education institutions in the United States and developing countries focused on building the capacity of higher education institutions and systems in developing countries: Provided further, That of such amount and in addition to the previous proviso, not less than $50,000,000 shall be made available for higher education programs pursuant to section 7060(a)(3) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2021 (division K of Public Law 116–260 ). (b) Conservation (1) Biodiversity Of the funds appropriated under title III of this Act, not less than $365,750,000 shall be made available for biodiversity conservation programs. (2) Wildlife Poaching and Trafficking (A) Of the funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act, not less than $118,750,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) shall be made available to combat the transnational threat of wildlife poaching and trafficking. (B) None of the funds appropriated under title IV of this Act may be made available for training or other assistance for any military unit or personnel that the Secretary of State determines has been credibly alleged to have participated in wildlife poaching or trafficking, unless the Secretary reports to the appropriate congressional committees that to do so is in the national security interest of the United States. (c) Development programs Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Development Assistance , not less than $18,500,000 shall be made available for United States Agency for International Development cooperative development programs and not less than $31,500,000 shall be made available for the American Schools and Hospitals Abroad program. (d) Disability programs Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Development Assistance shall be made available for programs and activities administered by USAID to address the needs of, and protect and promote the rights of, people with disabilities in developing countries. (e) Food security and agricultural development Of the funds appropriated by title III of this Act, not less than $960,000,000 (increased by $5,000,000) shall be made available for food security and agricultural development programs to carry out the purposes of the Global Food Security Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–195 ), including for the Feed the Future Innovation Labs: Provided, That funds may be made available for a contribution as authorized by section 3202 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–246 ), as amended by section 3310 of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–334 ). (f) Micro, small, and medium-Sized enterprises Of the funds appropriated by this Act, not less than $252,000,000 shall be made available to support the development of, and access to financing for, micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises that benefit the poor, especially women. (g) Programs to combat trafficking in persons (1) In general Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , and International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , not less than $123,400,000 (increased by $1,000,000) shall be made available for activities to combat trafficking in persons internationally, including for the Program to End Modern Slavery, of which not less than $92,000,000 shall be from funds made available under the heading International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement : Provided, That funds made available by this Act under the headings Development Assistance , Economic Support Fund , and Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia that are made available for activities to combat trafficking in persons should be obligated and programmed consistent with the country-specific recommendations included in the annual Trafficking in Persons Report, and shall be coordinated with the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons, Department of State: Provided further, That such funds are in addition to funds made available by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs for the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons: Provided further, That funds made available by this Act shall be made available to further develop, standardize, and update training for all United States Government personnel under Chief of Mission authority posted at United States embassies and consulates abroad on recognizing signs of human trafficking and protocols for reporting such cases. (2) Conferences Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available to organize or host international conferences should not be made available for such conferences in Tier 3 countries, as defined by section 104 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 ( Public Law 106–386 ), unless the purpose of such conference is to combat human trafficking or it is in the national interest of the United States, and any such use of funds shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. (3) Certification The Secretary of State shall certify and report to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act that— (A) all employees of the Department of State and USAID were provided Counter Trafficking in Persons codes of conduct and training during fiscal year 2024; and (B) the Department of State and USAID included Counter Trafficking in Persons stipulations in all applicable binding funding and procurement documents with awardees, contractors, and grantees in fiscal year 2024: Provided , That the contractors and subcontractors of commercial items and services as defined in Part 2.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation are exempted. (4) Report Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Administrator of USAID shall report to the appropriate congressional committees on how all grants and contracts awarded in the prior fiscal year are compliant with applicable requirements within title I of Public Law 106–386 . (5) Oversight Of the funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the heading Economic Support Fund , up to $1,000,000 may be used by the Inspectors General of the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development for audits and other activities related to compliance with subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (3): Provided , That the Secretary of State and Administrator of USAID shall ensure that requirements related to title I of Public Law 106–386 flow down to awards, contracts, grants, and sub-derivatives of such funding relationships, subject to standard waiver exceptions. (h) Water and sanitation Of the funds appropriated by this Act, not less than $451,000,000 shall be made available for water supply and sanitation projects pursuant to section 136 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, of which not less than $225,500,000 shall be for programs in sub-Saharan Africa. (i) Deviation Unless otherwise provided for by this Act, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator, as applicable, may deviate below the minimum funding requirements designated in sections 7059 and 7060 of this Act by up to 10 percent, notwithstanding such designation: Provided, That such deviations shall only be exercised to address unforeseen or exigent circumstances: Provided further, That concurrent with the submission of the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations in writing any proposed deviations utilizing such authority that are planned at the time of submission of such report: Provided further, That any deviations proposed subsequent to the submission of such report shall be subject to prior consultation with such Committees: Provided further, That not later than November 1, 2026, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations on the use of the authority of this subsection. Limitations Related to Environment Programs 7061. (a) Green Climate Fund None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available as a contribution, grant, or any other payment to the Green Climate Fund. (b) Clean Technology Fund None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available as a contribution, grant, or any other payment to the Clean Technology Fund. (c) Climate Damages None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for the Loss and Damage Fund or to pay compensation to any country, organization, or individual for loss and damages attributed to climate change. (d) Attribution Funds appropriated by this Act and made available for the sectors and programs in sections 7032, 7059, and 7060 shall not be attributed to, or counted toward targets for, climate change programs. (e) Transit Pipelines None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of State to impede the uninterrupted transmission of hydrocarbons by pipeline through the territory of one Party not originating in the territory of that Party, for delivery to the territory of the other Party as ratified by The Agreement between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of Canada concerning Transit Pipelines, signed at Washington on January 28, 1977. (f) United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement the decision by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change’s 21st Conference of Parties in Paris, France, adopted December 12, 2015, commonly known as the Paris Agreement . (g) Climate Executive Orders None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, enforce, or otherwise carry out the following— (1) Executive Order 13990, relating to Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science To Tackle the Climate Crisis; (2) Executive Order 14008, relating to Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad; (3) Section 6 of Executive Order 14013, relating to Rebuilding and Enhancing Programs To Resettle Refugees and Planning for the Impact of Climate Change on Migration; (4) Executive Order 14030, relating to Climate-Related Financial Risk; (5) Executive Order 14037, relating to Strengthening American Leadership in Clean Cars and Trucks; (6) Executive Order 14057, relating to Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs through Federal Sustainability; (7) Executive Order 14082, relating to Implementation of the Energy and Infrastructure Provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022; and (8) Executive Order 14096, relating to Revitalizing Our Nation’s Commitment to Environmental Justice for All. (h) Study The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on funds appropriated in prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs from fiscal years 2020 through 2024 made available for climate change programs and whether the use of such funds have had a direct and measurable impact on lowering global temperatures or on projections of future global temperatures using the most plausible and accurate scenarios and models for future conditions. BUDGET DOCUMENTS 7062. (a) Operating plans Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each department, agency, or organization funded in titles I, II, and VI of this Act, and the Department of the Treasury and Independent Agencies funded in title III of this Act, including the Inter-American Foundation and the United States African Development Foundation, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations an operating plan for funds appropriated to such department, agency, or organization in such titles of this Act, or funds otherwise available for obligation in fiscal year 2025, that provides details of the uses of such funds at the program, project, and activity level: Provided, That such plans shall include, as applicable, a comparison between the congressional budget justification funding levels, the most recent congressional directives or approved funding levels, and the funding levels proposed by the department or agency; and a clear, concise, and informative description/justification: Provided further, That operating plans that include changes in levels of funding for programs, projects, and activities specified in the congressional budget justification, in this Act, or amounts designated in the tables in the report accompanying this Act, as applicable, shall be subject to the notification and reprogramming requirements of section 7015 of this Act. (b) Spend plans (1) Prior to the initial obligation of funds, the Secretary of State or Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a spend plan for funds made available by this Act for— (A) assistance for countries in Central America and the Caribbean, Colombia, Iraq, Pacific Islands countries, and Ukraine; (B) Caribbean Basin Security Initiative, Central America Regional Security Initiative, Indo-Pacific Strategy and the Countering PRC Influence Fund, Partnership for Global Infrastructure and Investment, Power Africa, and Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership; (C) assistance made available pursuant to the following sections in this Act: section 7032; section 7036; section 7047(d) (on a country-by-country basis); section 7059; and subsections (a), (b), (e), (g), and (h) of section 7060; and (D) implementation of the Global Fragility Act of 2019. (2) Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a detailed spend plan for funds made available by this Act under the heading Department of the Treasury, International Affairs Technical Assistance in title III. (3) Notwithstanding paragraph (1), up to 10 percent of the funds contained in a spend plan required by this subsection may be obligated prior to the submission of such spend plan if the Secretary of State, the USAID Administrator, or the Secretary of the Treasury, as applicable, determines that the obligation of such funds is necessary to avoid significant programmatic disruption: Provided , That not less than seven days prior to such obligation, the Secretary or Administrator, as appropriate, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the justification for such obligation and the proposed uses of such funds. (c) Clarification The spend plans referenced in subsection (b) shall not be considered as meeting the notification requirements in this Act or under section 634A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (d) Congressional budget justification The congressional budget justification for Department of State operations and foreign operations shall be provided to the Committees on Appropriations concurrent with the date of submission of the President’s budget for fiscal year 2026: Provided, That the appendices for such justification shall be provided to the Committees on Appropriations not later than 10 calendar days thereafter. REORGANIZATION 7063. (a) Prior consultation and notification Funds appropriated by this Act, prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, or any other Act may not be used to implement a reorganization, redesign, or other plan described in subsection (b) by the Department of State, the United States Agency for International Development, or any other Federal department, agency, or organization funded by this Act without prior consultation by the head of such department, agency, or organization with the appropriate congressional committees: Provided, That such funds shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That any such notification submitted to such Committees shall include a detailed justification for any proposed action: Provided further, That congressional notifications submitted in prior fiscal years pursuant to similar provisions of law in prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be deemed to meet the notification requirements of this section. (b) Description of activities Pursuant to subsection (a), a reorganization, redesign, or other plan shall include any action to— (1) expand, eliminate, consolidate, or downsize covered departments, agencies, or organizations, including bureaus and offices within or between such departments, agencies, or organizations, including the transfer to other agencies of the authorities and responsibilities of such bureaus and offices; (2) expand, eliminate, consolidate, or downsize the United States official presence overseas, including at bilateral, regional, and multilateral diplomatic facilities and other platforms; or (3) expand or reduce the size of the permanent Civil Service, Foreign Service, eligible family member, and locally employed staff workforce of the Department of State and USAID from the staffing levels previously justified to the Committees on Appropriations for fiscal year 2025. DEPARTMENT OF STATE MATTERS 7064. (a) Working capital fund Funds appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available to the Department of State for payments to the Working Capital Fund that are made available for new service centers, shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (b) Certification (1) Compliance Not later than 45 days after the initial obligation of funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act that are made available to a Department of State bureau or office with responsibility for the management and oversight of such funds, the Secretary of State shall certify and report to the Committees on Appropriations, on an individual bureau or office basis, that such bureau or office is in compliance with Department and Federal financial and grants management policies, procedures, and regulations, as applicable. (2) Considerations When making a certification required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of State shall consider the capacity of a bureau or office to— (A) account for the obligated funds at the country and program level, as appropriate; (B) identify risks and develop mitigation and monitoring plans; (C) establish performance measures and indicators; (D) review activities and performance; and (E) assess final results and reconcile finances. (3) Plan If the Secretary of State is unable to make a certification required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit a plan and timeline detailing the steps to be taken to bring such bureau or office into compliance. (c) Other matters (1) In addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs — (A) as authorized by section 810 of the United States Information and Educational Exchange Act, not to exceed $5,000,000, to remain available until expended, may be credited to this appropriation from fees or other payments received from English teaching, library, motion pictures, and publication programs and from fees from educational advising and counseling and exchange visitor programs; and (B) not to exceed $15,000, which shall be derived from reimbursements, surcharges, and fees for use of Blair House facilities. (2) Funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading Diplomatic Programs are available for acquisition by exchange or purchase of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by law and, pursuant to section 1108(g) of title 31, United States Code, for the field examination of programs and activities in the United States funded from any account contained in title I of this Act. (3) (A) Prior to entering into a bilateral or multilateral agreement authorized by section 303(a) of the Convention on Cultural Property Implementation Act ( 19 U.S.C. 2602 ) or the extension of an agreement pursuant to section 303(e) of such Act, the Secretary of State shall ensure that any import restrictions authorized by such agreement comply with the provisions of sections 302 and 305 of such Act. (B) Reports required by section 303(g) of the Convention on Cultural Property Implementation Act ( 19 U.S.C. 2602 ) shall also be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such reports shall also include information concerning compliance with section 303(c) of such Act. (4) (A) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under the heading Diplomatic Programs in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for support of a Special Envoy, Special Representative, Special Coordinator, Special Negotiator, Envoy, Representative, Coordinator, Special Advisor, or other position performing a similar function unless such Special Envoy, Special Representative, Special Coordinator, Special Negotiator, Envoy, Representative, Coordinator, Special Advisor, or other position performing a similar function— (i) is expressly authorized by statute; or (ii) has affirmatively received the advice and consent of the Senate. (B) The limitations of this paragraph shall be construed to include the applicable office personnel and bureau managed funds of such office. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT MANAGEMENT 7065. (a) Authority Up to $170,000,000 of the funds made available in title III of this Act pursuant to or to carry out the provisions of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, including funds appropriated under the heading Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , may be used by the United States Agency for International Development to hire and employ individuals in the United States and overseas on a limited appointment basis pursuant to the authority of sections 308 and 309 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3948 and 3949). (b) Restriction The authority to hire individuals contained in subsection (a) shall expire on September 30, 2026. (c) Program account charged The account charged for the cost of an individual hired and employed under the authority of this section shall be the account to which the responsibilities of such individual primarily relate: Provided, That funds made available to carry out this section may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act in title II under the heading Operating Expenses . (d) Foreign service limited extensions Individuals hired and employed by USAID, with funds made available in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, pursuant to the authority of section 309 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 ( 22 U.S.C. 3949 ), may be extended for a period of up to 4 years notwithstanding the limitation set forth in such section. (e) Disaster surge capacity Funds appropriated under title III of this Act to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, including funds appropriated under the heading Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia , may be used, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, for the cost (including the support costs) of individuals detailed to or employed by USAID whose primary responsibility is to carry out programs in response to natural disasters or man-made disasters, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (f) Personal services contractors Funds appropriated by this Act to carry out chapter 1 of part I, chapter 4 of part II, and section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and title II of the Food for Peace Act ( Public Law 83–480 ; 7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq. ), may be used by USAID to employ up to 40 personal services contractors in the United States, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of providing direct, interim support for new or expanded overseas programs and activities managed by the agency until permanent direct hire personnel are hired and trained: Provided, That not more than 15 of such contractors shall be assigned to any bureau or office: Provided further, That such funds appropriated to carry out title II of the Food for Peace Act ( Public Law 83–480 ; 7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq. ), may be made available only for personal services contractors assigned to the Bureau for Humanitarian Assistance. (g) Small business In entering into multiple award indefinite-quantity contracts with funds appropriated by this Act, USAID may provide an exception to the fair opportunity process for placing task orders under such contracts when the order is placed with any category of small or small disadvantaged business. (h) Senior foreign service limited appointments Individuals hired pursuant to the authority provided by section 7059(o) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111–117 ) may be assigned to or support programs in Afghanistan or Pakistan with funds made available in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs. (i) Crisis operations staffing Up to $86,000,000 of the funds made available in title III of this Act pursuant to, or to carry out the provisions of, part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and section 509(b) of the Global Fragility Act of 2019 (title V of division J of Public Law 116–94 ) may be made available for the United States Agency for International Development to appoint and employ personnel in the excepted service to prevent or respond to foreign crises and contexts with growing instability: Provided, That functions carried out by personnel hired under the authority of this subsection shall be related to the purpose for which the funds were appropriated: Provided further, That such funds are in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes and may remain attributed to any minimum funding requirement for which they were originally made available: Provided further, That the USAID Administrator shall coordinate with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management and consult with the appropriate congressional committees on implementation of this provision. STABILIZATION AND DEVELOPMENT IN REGIONS IMPACTED BY EXTREMISM AND CONFLICT 7066. Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings Economic Support Fund , International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement , Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs , Peacekeeping Operations , and Foreign Military Financing Program , not less than $135,000,000 (increased by $15,000,000) shall be made available for the Prevention and Stabilization Fund for the purposes enumerated in section 509(a) of the Global Fragility Act of 2019 (title V of division J of Public Law 116–94 ): Provided, That such funds shall be prioritized for countries with national and local governments with the demonstrated political will and capacity to partner on strengthening government legitimacy: Provided further, That the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the intended prioritization and allocation of such funds not later than 60 days prior to submitting the pre-obligation spend plans required by section 7062(b) of this Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated under such headings may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under such headings for such purposes: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by this Act or any other Act, and is subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to this subsection under the heading Foreign Military Financing Program may remain available until September 30, 2026. DEBT-FOR-DEVELOPMENT 7067. In order to enhance the continued participation of nongovernmental organizations in debt-for-development and debt-for-nature exchanges, a nongovernmental organization which is a grantee or contractor of the United States Agency for International Development may place in interest bearing accounts local currencies which accrue to that organization as a result of economic assistance provided under title III of this Act and, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, any interest earned on such investment shall be used for the purpose for which the assistance was provided to that organization. EXTENSION OF CONSULAR FEES AND RELATED AUTHORITIES 7068. (a) Section 1(b)(1) of the Passport Act of June 4, 1920 ( 22 U.S.C. 214(b)(1) ) shall be applied through fiscal year 2025 by substituting the costs of providing consular services for such costs . (b) Section 21009 of the Emergency Appropriations for Coronavirus Health Response and Agency Operations (division B of Public Law 116–136 ; 134 Stat. 592) shall be applied during fiscal year 2025 by substituting 2020 through 2025 for 2020 and 2021 . (c) Discretionary amounts made available to the Department of State under the heading Administration of Foreign Affairs of this Act, and discretionary unobligated balances under such heading from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, may be transferred to the Consular and Border Security Programs account if the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is necessary to sustain consular operations, following consultation with such Committees: Provided, That such transfer authority is in addition to any transfer authority otherwise available in this Act and under any other provision of law: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (d) In addition to the uses permitted pursuant to section 286(v)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1356(v)(2)(A) ), for fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of State may also use fees deposited into the Fraud Prevention and Detection Account for the costs of providing consular services. (e) Amounts repurposed pursuant to subsection (b) that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or a concurrent resolution on the budget are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GAZA OVERSIGHT AND OTHER MATTERS 7069. (a) Certification The Secretary of State shall certify and report to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 15 days after the date of enactment of this Act, that— (1) oversight policies, processes, and procedures have been established by the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate, and are in use to prevent the diversion to Hamas and other terrorist and extremist entities in Gaza and the misuse or destruction by such entities of assistance, including through international organizations; and (2) such policies, processes, and procedures have been developed in coordination with other bilateral and multilateral donors and the Government of Israel, as appropriate. (b) Oversight policy and procedures The Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees, concurrent with the submission of the certification required in subsection (a), a written description of the oversight policies, processes, and procedures for funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Gaza, including specific actions to be taken should such assistance be diverted, misused, or destroyed, and the role of the Government of Israel in the oversight of such assistance. (c) Requirement to inform The Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall promptly inform the appropriate congressional committees of each instance in which funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Gaza have been diverted, misused, or destroyed, to include the type of assistance, a description of the incident and parties involved, and an explanation of the response of the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate. (d) Third party monitoring Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available for third party monitoring of assistance for Gaza, including end use monitoring, following consultation with the appropriate congressional committees. (e) Report Not later than 90 days after the initial obligation of funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for assistance for Gaza, and every 90 days thereafter until all such funds are expended, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report detailing the amount and purpose of such assistance provided during each respective quarter, including a description of the specific entity implementing such assistance. (f) Assessment Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act and every 90 days thereafter until September 30, 2026, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and other heads of elements of the intelligence community that the Secretary considers relevant, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report assessing whether funds appropriated by this Act and made available for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza have been diverted to or destroyed by Hamas or other terrorist and extremist entities in the West Bank and Gaza: Provided , That such report shall include details on the amount and how such funds were made available and used by such entities: Provided further , That such report may be submitted in classified form, if necessary. (g) Consultation Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act but prior to the initial obligation of funds made available by this Act for humanitarian assistance for Gaza, the Secretary of State and USAID Administrator, as appropriate, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the amount and anticipated uses of such funds. (h) Inspectors General The Inspectors General of the Department of State and USAID shall conduct investigations of their respective agency’s implementing partners that receive funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs and made available for assistance in the West Bank and Gaza, or entities that provide logistical support to implementing partners that receive such funds to determine if allegations or reports that such entities have employed staff or contractors that are members of, or affiliated with, a United States designated terrorist organization or have participated in any terrorist act, including before, on, or after October 7, 2023, are credible, and, as appropriate, refer their investigative findings for potential criminal, civil, or administrative enforcement remedies. (i) Limitation on Foreign Nationals from Gaza None of the funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings Migration and Refugee Assistance and United States Emergency Refugee and Migration Fund may be used to support the admission and resettlement into the United States of a foreign national from Gaza. Additional Limitations on Operations and Assistance 7070. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for drag queen workshops, performances, or documentaries. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to carry out any program, project, or activity that teaches or trains any idea or concept that condones an individual being discriminated against or receiving adverse or beneficial treatment based on race or sex, that condones an individual feeling discomfort, guilt, anguish, or any other form of psychological distress on account of that individual’s race or sex, as well as any idea or concept that regards one race as inherently superior to another race, the United States or its institutions as being systemically racist or sexist, an individual as being inherently racist, sexist, or oppressive by virtue of that individual’s race or sex, an individual’s moral character as being necessarily determined by race or sex, an individual as bearing responsibility for actions committed in the past by other members of the same race or sex, or meritocracy being racist, sexist, or having been created by a particular race to oppress another race. (c) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009), Executive Order 14035 of June 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34593), or Executive Order 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825). (d) None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act shall be used or transferred to another Federal Agency, board, or commission to fund any domestic or international non-governmental organization or any other program, organization, or association coordinated or operated by such non-governmental organization that either offers counseling regarding sex change surgeries, promotes sex change surgeries for any reason as an option, conducts or subsidizes sex change surgeries, promotes the use of medications or other substances to halt the onset of puberty or sexual development of minors, or otherwise promotes transgenderism. (e) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to fly or display a flag over a facility of the United States Department of State other than the— (1) United States flag; (2) Foreign Service flag pursuant to 2 FAM 154.2–1; (3) POW/MIA flag; (4) Hostage and Wrongful Detainee flag, pursuant to section 904 of title 36, United States Code; (5) flag of a State, insular area, or the District of Columbia at domestic locations; (6) flag of an Indian Tribal government; (7) official branded flag of a United States agency; or (8) sovereign flag of other countries. (f) None of the funds made available by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be used to implement, administer, or enforce any COVID–19 mask or vaccine mandates, including for individuals traveling outside of the United States. (g) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, training, programs, offices, officers, policies, or other executive agency functions. (h) (1) Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (2) As used in paragraph (1), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (A) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in paragraph (1); (B) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (C) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (D) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (E) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech forum (including traditional, limited and nonpublic forum), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (3) The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in paragraph (1). (i) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for hiring practices based on gender, religion, political affiliation, or race. (j) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to the Data Journalism Agency or the Global Disinformation Index. (k) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to InterAction. (l) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to a United States institution of higher education that has failed to take administrative action against any student, staff member, or student group that commits acts of antisemitism while utilizing the facilities, grounds, or resources of such institution. RESCISSIONS (INCLUDING RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS) 7071. (a) Economic support fund Of the unobligated balances from amounts made available under the heading Economic Support Fund from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, $640,161,000 are rescinded. (b) International narcotics control and law enforcement Of the unobligated balances from amounts made available under the heading International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, $65,000,000 are rescinded. (c) Debt Restructuring Of the unobligated balances from amounts made available under the heading Debt Restructuring from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, $111,000,000 are rescinded. (d) Restriction No amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 7072. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to the Republic of Maldives until the Secretary of State determines that the Republic of Maldives has revoked its ban on Israeli passport holders. VIII Additional general provision spending reduction account 8001. $0. IX Additional limitation provision 9001. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to create, procure, or display any map that inaccurately depicts the occupied country of Tibet as part of the People’s Republic of China. 9002. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 221 of the Immigration and Nationality Technical Corrections Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–416 ; 108 Stat. 4321; 8 U.S.C. 1101 note). 9003. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund the United States Agency for Global Media. 9004. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Special Presidential Envoy for Climate. 9005. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for the World Economic Forum. 9006. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for any official document, statement, or other communication that refers to the General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party by the title of President . 9007. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available to support the implementation or negotiations toward an extension of the Scientific and Technological Cooperation Protocol Between the United States of America and China. 9008. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to remove the People’s Republic of China from the list required by section 706(1) of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 2003 ( Public Law 107–228 ; 22 U.S.C. 2291j–1 ). 9009. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salary and expenses of Antony J. Blinken, Secretary of State. 9010. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce any major rule under subparagraph (A) of section 804(2) of title 5, United States Code. 9011. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for the Department of State to cite statistics obtained from the Gaza Health Ministry. 9012. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer or enforce National Security Memorandum/NSM–20. 9013. None of the funds made available by this Act may be provided to the Government of Iraq. 9014. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to enforce the restrictions outlined under the headings Visits and Travel (regarding limitations on Travel to Taiwan ) and Communications (regarding limitations on Name , Symbols of Sovereignty , and Correspondence ) in the Department of State's June 29, 2021, Memorandum for All Department and Agency Executive Secretaries entitled Revised Guidelines on Interacting with Taiwan . 9015. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out Executive Order 14019 (86 Fed. Reg. 13623; relating to promoting access to voting), except for sections 7, 8, and 10 of such Executive Order. 9016. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salary of, reinstate, or reemploy Robert Malley. 9017. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for operations in support of the Defense Department’s Joint Logistics Over-the-Shore capability with respect to the Gaza Strip. This Act may be cited as the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2025 . Passed the House of Representatives June 28, 2024. Kevin F. McCumber, Clerk. September 12, 2024 Read twice and placed on the calendar

118 HR 8774 PCS: Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2024-09-12 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II Calendar No. 508 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 8774 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES July 8, 2024 Received September 12, 2024 Read twice and placed on the calendar AN ACT Making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, for military functions administered by the Department of Defense and for other purposes, namely: I MILITARY PERSONNEL Military Personnel, Army For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 , as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $51,485,904,000. Military personnel, navy For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 , as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $39,103,278,000. Military personnel, marine corps For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 , as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $16,261,321,000. Military personnel, air force For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 , as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $37,376,591,000. Military personnel, space force For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Space Force on active duty and cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 , as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,308,675,000. Reserve personnel, army For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 7038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $5,584,691,000. Reserve personnel, navy For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $2,607,677,000. Reserve personnel, marine corps For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $948,708,000. Reserve personnel, air force For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 9038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $2,619,717,000. National guard personnel, army For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $9,975,860,000. National guard personnel, air force For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $5,383,100,000. II OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Operation and maintenance, army For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $59,178,129,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $9,500,000) (reduced by $7,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $15,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000): Provided, That not to exceed $7,000,000 may be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended upon the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made upon the Secretary’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. Operation and maintenance, navy For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $74,754,688,000 (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000): Provided, That not to exceed $7,000,000 may be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended upon the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made upon the Secretary’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. Operation and maintenance, marine corps For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $10,454,504,000. Operation and maintenance, air force For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $64,560,558,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $5,000,000): Provided, That not to exceed $7,000,000 may be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended upon the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made upon the Secretary’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. Operation and maintenance, space force For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Space Force, as authorized by law, $5,146,272,000 (increased by $2,500,000). Operation and maintenance, defense-Wide (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as authorized by law, $53,074,990,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $4,500,000) (increased by $4,500,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $37,411,000) (reduced by $37,411,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $16,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $7,000,000) (reduced by $6,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $12,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $21,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $7,000,000) (reduced by $15,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $7,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $7,500,000) (reduced by $6,000,000) (reduced by $90,000,000) (reduced by $11,000,000) (reduced by $7,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $9,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $12,500,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $15,000,000) (reduced by $6,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $6,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000): Provided, That not more than $2,981,000 may be used for the Combatant Commander Initiative Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That not to exceed $10,000,000 may be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended upon the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made upon the Secretary’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $22,738,000 (increased by $32,262,000) shall be made available for the Procurement Technical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, of which not less than $5,000,000 shall be available for centers with eligible entities defined in 10 U.S.C. 4951(1)(D) : Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $3,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, shall be available only for expenses relating to certain classified activities: Provided further , That of the funds provided under this heading, $26,777,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available only for expenses relating to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance appropriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That any ceiling on the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and maintenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $2,107,432,000, of which $1,423,630,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the use and status of funds made available in this paragraph: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. Counter-ISIS train and equip fund For the Counter-Islamic State of Iraq and Syria Train and Equip Fund , $528,699,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training; equipment; logistics support, supplies, and services; stipends; infrastructure repair and renovation; construction for facility fortification and humane treatment; and sustainment, to foreign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and their affiliated or associated groups: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available to provide assistance only for activities in a country designated by the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, as having a security mission to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and following written notification to the congressional defense committees of such designation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to elements of any forces or individuals, such elements or individuals are appropriately vetted, including at a minimum, assessing such elements for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contributions, including assistance in-kind, from foreign governments, including the Government of Iraq and other entities, to carry out assistance authorized under this heading: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any foreign government or other entity may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall prioritize such contributions when providing any assistance for construction for facility fortification: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading that was transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and returned by such forces or groups to the United States, and such equipment may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading and not yet transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense when determined by the Secretary to no longer be required for transfer to such forces or groups and upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That stipend support for the Kurdish Peshmerga may only be reduced commensurate with support provided from other sources, including Iraqi national funds: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided under this heading, including, but not limited to, the number of individuals trained, the nature and scope of support and sustainment provided to each group or individual, the area of operations for each group, and the contributions of other countries, groups, or individuals. Operation and maintenance, army reserve For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $3,279,177,000. Operation and maintenance, navy reserve For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $1,333,993,000. Operation and maintenance, marine corps reserve For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $338,080,000. Operation and maintenance, air force reserve For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $4,062,711,000. Operation and maintenance, army national guard For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Army National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the National Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment (including aircraft), $8,591,745,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000). Operation and maintenance, air national guard For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Air National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; supplying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those furnished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; travel expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau, $7,270,145,000. United states court of appeals for the armed forces For salaries and expenses necessary for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $21,035,000, of which not to exceed $10,000 may be used for official representation purposes. Environmental restoration, army (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the Department of the Army, $268,069,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as this appropriation: Provided further, That amounts transferred back under the preceding proviso, and amounts credited to appropriations made under this heading pursuant to section 2703(e) of title 10, United States Code, are available until transferred under conditions set forth in the preceding provisos: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. Environmental restoration, navy (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the Department of the Navy, $343,591,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as this appropriation: Provided further, That amounts transferred back under the preceding proviso, and amounts credited to appropriations made under this heading pursuant to section 2703(e) of title 10, United States Code, are available until transferred under conditions set forth in the preceding provisos: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. Environmental restoration, air force (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the Department of the Air Force, $320,256,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as this appropriation: Provided further, That amounts transferred back under the preceding proviso, and amounts credited to appropriations made under this heading pursuant to section 2703(e) of title 10, United States Code, are available until transferred under conditions set forth in the preceding provisos: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. Environmental restoration, defense-Wide (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the Department of Defense, $8,800,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of Defense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as this appropriation: Provided further, That amounts transferred back under the preceding proviso, and amounts credited to appropriations made under this heading pursuant to section 2703(e) of title 10, United States Code, are available until transferred under conditions set forth in the preceding provisos: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. Environmental restoration, formerly used defense sites (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the Department of the Army, $234,475,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the Department of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as this appropriation: Provided further, That amounts transferred back under the preceding proviso, and amounts credited to appropriations made under this heading pursuant to section 2703(e) of title 10, United States Code, are available until transferred under conditions set forth in the preceding provisos: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. Overseas humanitarian, disaster, and civic aid For expenses relating to the Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid programs of the Department of Defense (consisting of the programs provided under sections 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $115,335,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. Cooperative threat reduction account For assistance, including assistance provided by contract or by grants, under programs and activities of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program authorized under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act, $246,876,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027. Department of defense acquisition workforce development account For the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Account, $56,176,000: Provided, That no other amounts may be otherwise credited or transferred to the Account, or deposited into the Account, in fiscal year 2025 pursuant to section 1705(d) of title 10, United States Code. III PROCUREMENT Aircraft procurement, army For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $3,518,727,000 (reduced by $5,800,000) (increased by $5,800,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Missile Procurement, Army For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $5,175,541,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Procurement of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, army For construction, procurement, production, and modification of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $3,624,159,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Procurement of ammunition, army For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $2,675,456,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Other procurement, army For construction, procurement, production, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and non-tracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $8,460,305,000 (reduced by $25,000,000) (increased by $25,000,000) (increased by $90,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Aircraft procurement, navy For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $17,073,401,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Weapons procurement, navy For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and related support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $6,049,095,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Procurement of ammunition, navy and marine corps For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,599,221,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Shipbuilding and conversion, navy For expenses necessary for the construction, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and armament thereof, plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, as follows: Columbia Class Submarine, $3,346,235,000; Columbia Class Submarine (AP), $6,215,939,000; Carrier Replacement Program (CVN–80), $1,123,124,000; Carrier Replacement Program (CVN–81), 674,930,000; Virginia Class Submarine, $3,615,904,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), $3,720,303,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000); CVN Refueling Overhauls, $1,061,143,000; DDG–1000 Program, $61,100,000; DDG–51 Destroyer, $6,409,190,000; DDG–51 Destroyer (AP), $41,724,000; LPD Flight II, $1,561,963,000; LHA Replacement (AP), $61,118,000; TAO Fleet Oiler (AP), $334,461,000; Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship, $60,000,000; Medium Landing Ship, $29,668,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $417,000,000; Service Craft, $41,426,000; Auxiliary Personnel Lighter, $76,168,000; LCAC SLEP, $45,087,000; Auxiliary Vessels, $204,939,000; For outfitting, post delivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $585,967,000; and Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding Programs, $1,930,024,000. In all: $31,617,413,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2029: Provided, That additional obligations may be incurred after September 30, 2029, for engineering services, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be constructed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for Columbia Class Submarine (AP) may be available for the purposes authorized by subsections (f), (g), (h) or (i) of section 2218a of title 10, United States Code, only in accordance with the provisions of the applicable subsection. Other procurement, navy For procurement, production, and modernization of support equipment and materials not otherwise provided for, Navy ordnance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $15,510,478,000 (increased by $19,440,000) (reduced by $19,440,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027: Provided, That such funds are also available for the maintenance, repair, and modernization of ships under a pilot program established for such purposes. Procurement, marine corps For expenses necessary for the procurement, manufacture, and modification of missiles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools, and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; vehicles for the Marine Corps, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $3,804,948,000 (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Aircraft procurement, air force For construction, procurement, and modification of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $20,842,652,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Missile procurement, air force For construction, procurement, and modification of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $4,016,939,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Procurement of ammunition, air force For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $629,930,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Other procurement, air force For procurement and modification of equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; lease of passenger motor vehicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $29,865,521,000 (increased by $2,300,000) (reduced by $2,300,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Procurement, space force For construction, procurement, and modification of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $3,933,719,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Procurement, defense-Wide For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procurement, production, and modification of equipment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $5,691,355,000 (reduced by $800,000) (increased by $800,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027. Defense production Act purchases For activities by the Department of Defense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 ( 50 U.S.C. 4518 , 4531, 4532, and 4533), $446,377,000, to remain available for obligation until expended, which shall be obligated and expended by the Secretary of Defense as if delegated the necessary authorities conferred by the Defense Production Act of 1950. National guard and reserve equipment account For procurement of rotary-wing aircraft; combat, tactical and support vehicles; other weapons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $800,000,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027: Provided, That the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional defense committees the modernization priority assessment for their respective National Guard or Reserve component: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this paragraph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, munitions, or ammunition. IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION Research, development, test and evaluation, army For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $15,335,703,000 (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $12,000,000) (increased by $12,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $8,500,000) (increased by $8,500,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $63,000,000) (increased by $63,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000) (increased by $2,500,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $9,000,000) (increased by $9,000,000) (reduced by $11,000,000) (increased by $11,000,000) (reduced by $25,000,000) (increased by $25,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $7,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $21,000,000) (increased by $7,700,000) (increased by $6,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $7,500,000) (increased by $6,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $7,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $9,500,000) (increased by $20,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000) (increased by $6,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (increased by $8,000,000) (reduced by $9,850,000) (increased by $9,850,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $4,910,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Research, development, test and evaluation, navy For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $26,668,304,000 (increased by $8,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (increased by $8,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $8,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (reduced by $12,000,000) (increased by $12,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $6,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $9,000,000) (increased by $12,500,000) (increased by $10,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph which are available for the V–22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. Research, development, test and evaluation, air force For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $48,648,586,000 (reduced by $4,500,000) (increased by $4,500,000) (increased by $4,500,000) (reduced by $4,500,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $19,000,000) (increased by $19,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $16,000,000) (increased by $9,500,000) (increased by $8,000,000) (increased by $6,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $8,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (increased by $2,500,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $7,000,000) (increased by $8,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $8,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Research, development, test and evaluation, space force For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $18,279,469,000 (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $4,500,000) (reduced by $4,500,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $7,500,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026. Research, development, test and evaluation, defense-Wide For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and determined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $36,742,144,000 (reduced by $8,000,000) (increased by $8,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (increased by $8,000,000) (reduced by $26,000,000) (increased by $26,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (increased by $20,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $15,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $10,800,000) (increased by $10,800,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $7,500,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $2,500,000) (increased by $12,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $7,700,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $9,500,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $6,000,000) (reduced by $9,500,000) (increased by $9,500,000) (reduced by $4,910,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. Operational test and evaluation, defense For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, production decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $348,709,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026. V REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS Defense working capital funds For the Defense Working Capital Funds, $1,712,921,000. National Defense Stockpile Transaction Fund For the National Defense Stockpile Transaction Fund, $7,629,000, for activities pursuant to the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act ( 50 U.S.C. 98 et seq. ). VI OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS Defense health program For expenses, not otherwise provided for, for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $41,159,039,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000); of which $38,521,736,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026, and of which up to $20,299,477,000 may be available for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $398,867,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027, shall be for procurement; and of which $2,238,436,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation: Provided, That of the funds provided under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $1,164,000,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $9,000,000) (increased by $9,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) shall be made available to the Defense Health Agency to carry out the congressionally directed medical research programs: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for HIV prevention educational activities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assistance activities conducted primarily in African nations: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees quarterly reports on the current status of the electronic health record program: Provided further, That the Comptroller General of the United States shall perform quarterly performance reviews of the electronic health record program. Chemical agents and munitions destruction, defense For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provisions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 ( 50 U.S.C. 1521 ), $775,507,000, of which $20,745,000 shall be for operation and maintenance for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program, consisting of $13,945,000 for activities on military installations and $6,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, to assist State and local governments; and of which $754,762,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation and shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alternatives program. Drug interdiction and counter-Drug activities, defense (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For drug interdiction and counter-drug activities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military personnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and maintenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $1,143,269,000, of which $673,702,000 shall be for counter-narcotics support; $139,567,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; $305,000,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug program; and $25,000,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug schools program: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to support a new start program or project only after written prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. Office of the inspector general For expenses and activities of the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $539,769,000, of which $536,533,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended upon the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and payments may be made upon the Inspector General's certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; of which $1,336,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027, shall be for procurement; and of which $1,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. VII RELATED AGENCIES Central intelligence agency retirement and disability system fund For payment to the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, $514,000,000. Intelligence community management account For necessary expenses of the Intelligence Community Management Account, $641,585,000. VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS 8001. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. 8002. During the current fiscal year, provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any person not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided, That salary increases granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of Defense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase authorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is computed under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in excess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own employees, whichever is higher: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to Department of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplomatic missions whose pay is set by the Department of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further, That the limitations of this provision shall not apply to foreign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. 8003. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. 8004. No more than 20 percent of the appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided, That this section shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8005. Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may, with the approval of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $6,000,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made available in this Act to the Department of Defense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropriations or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other authority in this Act: Provided further, That no part of the funds in this Act shall be available to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for reprogramming of funds, unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2025: Provided further, That transfers among military personnel appropriations shall not be taken into account for purposes of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this section. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of specific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budget activities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the tables titled Explanation of Project Level Adjustments in the explanatory statement regarding this Act and the tables contained in the classified annex accompanying this Act, the obligation and expenditure of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those programs, projects, and activities are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such tables to the same extent as if the tables were included in the text of this Act. (b) Amounts specified in the referenced tables described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided , That section 8005 of this Act shall apply when transfers of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appropriation accounts, subject to the limitation in subsection (c): Provided further , That the transfer amount limitation provided in section 8005 of this Act shall not apply to transfers of amounts described in subsection (a) if such transfers are necessary for the proper execution of such funds. (c) During the current fiscal year, amounts specified in the referenced tables in titles III and IV of this Act described in subsection (a) may not be transferred pursuant to section 8005 of this Act other than for proper execution of such amounts, as provided in subsection (b). 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2025: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President's budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation both by budget activity and program, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement: Provided , That this subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: (1) Environmental Restoration, Army ; (2) Environmental Restoration, Navy ; (3) Environmental Restoration, Air Force ; (4) Environmental Restoration, Defense-Wide ; (5) Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites ; and (6) Drug Interdiction and Counter-drug Activities, Defense . (TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8008. During the current fiscal year, cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided, That transfers may be made between such funds: Provided further, That transfers may be made between working capital funds and the Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense appropriation and the Operation and Maintenance appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed transfer: Provided further, That except in amounts equal to the amounts appropriated to working capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war reserve material inventory, unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 calendar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. 8010. None of the funds provided by this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an unfunded contingent liability in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance procurement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the congressional defense committees have been notified at least 30 days in advance of the proposed contract award: Provided, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quantity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government's liability: Provided further, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear contract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifically provided in this Act: Provided further, That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30-day prior notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further, That none of the funds provided by this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— (1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procurement of aircraft, that includes, for any aircraft unit to be procured through the contract for which procurement funds are requested in that budget request for production beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; (2) cancellation provisions in the contract do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor associated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; (3) the contract provides that payments to the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and (4) the contract does not provide for a price adjustment based on a failure to award a follow-on contract. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used for multiyear procurement contracts for CH-53K Heavy Lift helicopters, and USS Virginia Class (SSN-774). 8011. Within the funds appropriated for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic assistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assistance costs incidental to authorized operations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That funds available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humanitarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239 : Provided further, That upon a determination by the Secretary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such facilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian patients from American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, and Guam. 8012. (a) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on excessive contractor payments that exceed the thresholds established in 10 U.S.C. chapter 271 Truthful Cost or Pricing Data (Truth in Negotiations) or 41 U.S.C. chapter 35 Truthful Cost or Pricing Data and with respect to which none of the exceptions to certified cost or pricing data requirements apply. (b) The report required by subsection (a) shall also include the following: (1) The amounts collected, adjusted, or offset from contractors as a result of providing defective cost and pricing data; (2) The mechanisms used to identify violations of 10 U.S.C. chapter 271 or 41 U.S.C. chapter 35; (3) Disciplinary actions taken by the Department of Defense when violations of 10 U.S.C. chapter 271 or 41 U.S.C. chapter 35 are identified, regardless of whether they are included in the System for Award Management; and (4) Any referrals made to the Department of Justice. 8013. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before the Congress. 8014. None of the funds available in this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades, or maintenance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and non-deployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accordance with section 1042 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8015. (a) Funds appropriated in title III of this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot Mentor-Protégé Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a Mentor-Protégé Program developmental assistance agreement pursuant to section 4902 of title 10, United States Code, under the authority of this provision or any other transfer authority contained in this Act. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall include with the budget justification documents in support of the budget for fiscal year 2026 (as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code) a description of each transfer under this section that occurred during the last fiscal year before the fiscal year in which such budget is submitted. 8016. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be available for the purchase by the Department of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are substantially manufactured in the United States: Provided, That for the purpose of this section, the term manufactured shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, and testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further, That for the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further, That when adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the Service responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. 8017. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act shall be used for the support of any nonappropriated funds activity of the Department of Defense that procures malt beverages and wine with nonappropriated funds for resale (including such alcoholic beverages sold by the drink) on a military installation located in the United States unless such malt beverages and wine are procured within that State, or in the case of the District of Columbia, within the District of Columbia, in which the military installation is located: Provided, That, in a case in which the military installation is located in more than one State, purchases may be made in any State in which the installation is located: Provided further, That such local procurement requirements for malt beverages and wine shall apply to all alcoholic beverages only for military installations in States which are not contiguous with another State: Provided further, That alcoholic beverages other than wine and malt beverages, in contiguous States and the District of Columbia shall be procured from the most competitive source, price and other factors considered. 8018. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to demilitarize or destroy small arms ammunition or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition components are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for further use. 8019. No more than $500,000 of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Capital Region: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. 8020. Of the funds made available in this Act under the heading Procurement, Defense-Wide , $25,169,000 shall be available only for incentive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 ( 25 U.S.C. 1544 ): Provided, That a prime contractor or a subcontractor at any tier that makes a subcontract award to any subcontractor or supplier as defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be considered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 ( 25 U.S.C. 1544 ) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and involves the expenditure of funds appropriated by an Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be applicable to any Department of Defense acquisition of supplies or services, including any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisition of commercial items produced or manufactured, in whole or in part, by any subcontractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. 8021. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall convey, at no cost to the Air Force, military housing units under subsection (a) in accordance with the request for such units that are submitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walking Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the housing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Secretary. (c) The Operation Walking Shield Program shall resolve any conflicts among requests of Indian tribes for housing units under subsection (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection (b). (d) In this section, the term Indian tribe means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Secretary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–454 ; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 5131 ). 8022. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide , not less than $19,861,000 may be made available only for the mitigation of environmental impacts, including training and technical assistance to tribes, related administrative support, the gathering of information, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. 8023. Funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Media Activity may not be used for any national or international political or psychological activities. 8024. (a) Of the funds made available in this Act, not less than $73,500,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corporation, of which— (1) $56,500,000 shall be available from Operation and Maintenance, Air Force to support Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counter-drug activities, and drug demand reduction activities involving youth programs; (2) $15,000,000 shall be available from Aircraft Procurement, Air Force ; and (3) $2,000,000 shall be available from Other Procurement, Air Force for vehicle procurement. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force should waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counter-drug activities in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. 8025. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to establish a new Department of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a separate entity administrated by an organization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation consisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit entities. (b) Except when acting in a technical advisory capacity, no member of a Board of Directors, Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, or any entity that contracts with the Federal government to manage or operate one or more FFRDCs, or any paid consultant to a defense FFRDC shall receive funds appropriated by this Act as compensation for services as a member of such entity: Provided , That a member of any such entity shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties: Provided further , That except when acting in a technical advisory capacity, no paid consultant shall receive funds appropriated by this Act as compensation by more than one FFRDC in a calendar year. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the department from any source during the current fiscal year may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings not located on a military installation, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Government grants, for absorption of contract overruns, or for certain charitable contributions, not to include employee participation in community service and/or development. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2025, not more than $2,886,300,000 may be funded for professional technical staff-related costs of the defense FFRDCs: Provided , That within such funds, not more than $461,300,000 shall be available for the defense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided further , That this subsection shall not apply to staff years funded in the National Intelligence Program and the Military Intelligence Program: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 2026 budget request, submit a report presenting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each defense FFRDC by program during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates, by appropriation account and program. 8026. For the purposes of this Act, the term congressional defense committees means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Services Committee of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 8027. For the purposes of this Act, the term congressional intelligence committees means the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 8028. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defense-related articles, through competition between Department of Defense depot maintenance activities and private firms: Provided, That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency concerned, with power of delegation, shall certify that successful bids include comparable estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further, That Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. 8029. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the Department of Defense unless the entity, in expending the funds, complies with the Buy American Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. (b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of intentionally affixing a label bearing a Made in America inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall determine, in accordance with section 4658 of title 10, United States Code, whether the person should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. (c) In the case of any equipment or products purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of Defense, in expending the appropriation, purchase only American-made equipment and products, provided that American-made equipment and products are cost-competitive, quality competitive, and available in a timely fashion. 8030. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Government-owned facility or property under the control of the Department of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Provided, That these procurement restrictions shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of carbon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided further, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further, That these restrictions shall not apply to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 8031. (a) (1) If the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a foreign country which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall rescind the Secretary's blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memorandum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursuant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain products in that country. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report on the amount of Department of Defense purchases from foreign entities in fiscal year 2025. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreements Act of 1979 ( 19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq. ), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. (c) For purposes of this section, the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 8032. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domestic origin: Provided, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further, That this restriction shall not apply to the purchase of commercial products , as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, except that the restriction shall apply to ball or roller bearings purchased as end items. 8033. None of the funds in this Act may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. 8034. (a) The Secretary of Defense may, on a case-by-case basis, waive with respect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from foreign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limitation with respect to that country would invalidate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate reciprocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 4851 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. (b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— (1) contracts and subcontracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) options for the procurement of items that are exercised after such date under contracts that are entered into before such date if the option prices are adjusted for any reason other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). (c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limitation regarding construction of public vessels, ball and roller bearings, food, and clothing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chapters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. 8035. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for the purchase or manufacture of a flag of the United States unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 4862(b) of title 10, United States Code. 8036. During the current fiscal year, amounts contained in the Department of Defense Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery Account shall be available until expended for the payments specified by section 2687a(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code. 8037. During the current fiscal year, appropriations which are available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $350,000: Provided, That upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Commander of a Combatant Command engaged in a named contingency operation overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. 8038. Up to $8,132,000 of the funds appropriated under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Navy may be made available for the Asia Pacific Regional Initiative Program for the purpose of enabling the United States Indo-Pacific Command to execute Theater Security Cooperation activities such as humanitarian assistance, and payment of incremental and personnel costs of training and exercising with foreign security forces: Provided, That funds made available for this purpose may be used, notwithstanding any other funding authorities for humanitarian assistance, security assistance or combined exercise expenses: Provided further, That funds may not be obligated to provide assistance to any foreign country that is otherwise prohibited from receiving such type of assistance under any other provision of law. 8039. The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobacco-related products in military resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local community: Provided, That such regulations shall direct that the prices of tobacco or tobacco-related products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. 8040. (a) During the current fiscal year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the purpose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to customers of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fiscal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for procurement. (b) The fiscal year 2026 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2026 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropriation contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2026 procurement appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. 8041. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central Intelligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund during this or any prior fiscal year shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any funds appropriated or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and development acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3093 ) shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That any funds appropriated or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for the construction, improvement, or alteration of facilities, including leased facilities, to be used primarily by personnel of the intelligence community, shall remain available until September 30, 2027. 8042. (a) Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the Department of Defense who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee's place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. (b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary of a military department may waive the limitations in subsection (a), on a case-by-case basis, if the Secretary determines, and certifies to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the granting of the waiver will reduce the personnel requirements or the financial requirements of the department. (c) This section does not apply to— (1) field operating agencies funded within the National Intelligence Program; (2) an Army field operating agency established to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; (3) an Army field operating agency established to improve the effectiveness and efficiencies of biometric activities and to integrate common biometric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or (4) an Air Force field operating agency established to administer the Air Force Mortuary Affairs Program and Mortuary Operations for the Department of Defense and authorized Federal entities. 8043. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act shall be available to convert to contractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of Defense civilian employees unless— (1) the conversion is based on the result of a public-private competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organization plan developed by such activity or function; (2) the Competitive Sourcing Official determines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for performance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or function by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— (A) 10 percent of the most efficient organization's personnel-related costs for performance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or (B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an advantage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— (A) not making an employer-sponsored health insurance plan available to the workers who are to be employed in the performance of that activity or function under the contract; or (B) offering to such workers an employer-sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian employees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. (b) (1) The Department of Defense, without regard to subsection (a) of this section or subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwithstanding any administrative regulation, requirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or industrial type function of the Department of Defense that— (A) is included on the procurement list established pursuant to section 2 of the Javits-Wagner-O’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); (B) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other severely handicapped individuals in accordance with that Act; or (C) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified firm under at least 51 percent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 450b(e) ), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15) ). (2) This section shall not apply to depot contracts or contracts for depot maintenance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. (c) The conversion of any activity or function of the Department of Defense under the authority provided by this section shall be credited toward any competitive or outsourcing goal, target, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in compliance with, subsection (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or outsourcing of commercial activities. (RESCISSIONS) 8044. Of the funds appropriated in Department of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Aircraft Procurement, Navy , 2023/2025, $49,963,000; Aircraft Procurement, Air Force , 2023/2025, $201,420,000; Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide , 2024/2025, $50,000,000; Counter-ISIS Train and Equip Fund , 2024/2025, $50,000,000; Cooperative Threat Reduction Account , 2024/2026, $91,000,000; Aircraft Procurement, Navy , 2024/2026, $17,468,000; Other Procurement, Navy , 2024/2026, $22,872,000; Procurement, Marine Corps , 2024/2026, $71,257,000; Aircraft Procurement, Air Force , 2024/2026, $90,000,000; Other Procurement, Air Force , 2024/2026, $532,994,000; Procurement, Defense-Wide , 2024/2026, $6,077,000; and Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy , 2024/2025, $25,000,000. 8045. None of the funds available in this Act may be used to reduce the authorized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air National Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve for the purpose of applying any administratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military technicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. 8046. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that purpose: Provided, That this restriction shall not apply to any activities incidental to the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency mission to recover and identify the remains of United States Armed Forces personnel from the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. 8047. In this fiscal year and each fiscal year thereafter, funds appropriated for operation and maintenance of the Military Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the National Guard and Reserve provide intelligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Military Intelligence Program: Provided, That nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. 8048. (a) None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. (b) None of the funds available to the Central Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. 8049. In addition to the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available elsewhere in this Act, $49,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense: Provided, That upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $24,000,000 to the United Service Organizations and $25,000,000 to the Red Cross. 8050. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Act, the Small Business Innovation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program set-asides shall be taken proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities to the extent they contribute to the extramural budget. The Secretary of each military department, the Director of each Defense Agency, and the head of each other relevant component of the Department of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees, concurrent with submission of the budget justification documents to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, a report with a detailed accounting of the Small Business Innovation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program set-asides taken from programs, projects, or activities within such department, agency, or component during the most recently completed fiscal year. 8051. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense under this Act may be obligated or expended to pay a contractor under a contract with the Department of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— (1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and (2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs associated with a business combination. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8052. During the current fiscal year, no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred, to be used in support of such personnel in connection with support and services for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. 8053. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equipment of the National Guard Distance Learning Project by any person or entity on a space-available, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall establish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a case-by-case basis. (b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. 8054. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or prior Acts may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status any C–40 aircraft. (b) The limitation under subsection (a) shall not apply to an individual C–40 aircraft that the Secretary of the Air Force determines, on a case-by-case basis, to be no longer mission capable due to a Class A mishap. (c) If the Secretary determines under subsection (b) that an aircraft is no longer mission capable, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a certification in writing that the status of such aircraft is due to a Class A mishap and not due to lack of maintenance, repairs, or other reasons. (d) Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the necessary steps taken by the Department of Defense to meet the travel requirements for official or representational duties of members of Congress and the Cabinet in fiscal years 2025 and 2026. 8055. (a) None of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act may be used to procure end-items for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use, or inventory requirements: Provided, That this restriction does not apply to end-items used in development, prototyping in accordance with an approved test strategy, and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use. (b) If the number of end-items budgeted with funds appropriated in title IV of this Act exceeds the number required in an approved test strategy, the Under Secretary of Defense (Research and Engineering) and the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), in coordination with the responsible Service Acquisition Executive, shall certify in writing to the congressional defense committees that there is a bonafide need for the additional end-items at the time of submittal to Congress of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2026 pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code: Provided , That this restriction does not apply to programs funded within the National Intelligence Program. (c) The Secretary of Defense shall, at the time of the submittal to Congress of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2026 pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the use of funds requested in research, development, test and evaluation accounts for end-items used in development, prototyping and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided , That the report shall set forth, for each end item covered by the preceding proviso, a detailed list of the statutory authorities under which amounts in the accounts described in that proviso were used for such item: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense shall, at the time of the submittal to Congress of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2026 pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, submit to the congressional defense committees a certification that funds requested for fiscal year 2026 in research, development, test and evaluation accounts are in compliance with this section: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Subcommittees on Defense of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. 8056. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or other Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of performing repairs or maintenance to military family housing units of the Department of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of conducting official Department of Defense business. 8057. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide for any new start defense innovation acceleration or rapid prototyping program demonstration project with a value of more than $5,000,000 may only be obligated 15 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national interest to do so. 8058. The Secretary of Defense shall continue to provide a classified quarterly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, Subcommittees on Defense on certain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. 8059. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) of title 10, United States Code, a servicemember who is a member of the National Guard serving on full-time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform duties in support of the ground-based elements of the National Ballistic Missile Defense System. 8060. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to transfer to any nongovernmental entity ammunition held by the Department of Defense that has a center-fire cartridge and a United States military nomenclature designation of armor penetrator , armor piercing (AP) , armor piercing incendiary (API) , or armor-piercing incendiary tracer (API–T) , except to an entity performing demilitarization services for the Department of Defense under a contract that requires the entity to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Department of Defense that armor piercing projectiles are either: (1) rendered incapable of reuse by the demilitarization process; or (2) used to manufacture ammunition pursuant to a contract with the Department of Defense or the manufacture of ammunition for export pursuant to a License for Permanent Export of Unclassified Military Articles issued by the Department of State. 8061. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or their designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of personal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organization specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, social, or fraternal nonprofit organization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or their designee, on a case-by-case basis. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8062. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Army , $194,452,598 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Government: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the acquisition of real property, construction, personal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further, That contracts entered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnification as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Provided further, That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the maximum extent consistent with the national security, as determined by the Secretary of Defense. 8063. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— (1) the appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budget, including through the creation of a new appropriation or new appropriation account; (2) how the National Intelligence Program budget request is presented in the unclassified P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; (3) the process by which the National Intelligence Program appropriations are apportioned to the executing agencies; or (4) the process by which the National Intelligence Program appropriations are allotted, obligated and disbursed. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall be construed to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Program budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is otherwise in accordance with paragraphs (1)–(3) of subsection (a). (c) The Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal reporting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management processes. Such study shall include a comprehensive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. (d) Upon development of the detailed proposals defined under subsection (c), the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) provide the proposed alternatives to all affected agencies; (2) receive certification from all affected agencies attesting that the proposed alternatives will help achieve auditability, improve fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and (3) not later than 30 days after receiving all necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifications to the congressional defense and intelligence committees. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8064. During the current fiscal year, not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the appropriations made in title II of this Act for Operation and Maintenance, Army , Operation and Maintenance, Navy , and Operation and Maintenance, Air Force may be transferred by the military department concerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8065. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, $5,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense, to remain available for obligation until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, that upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Foundation, Inc., only for the construction and furnishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when confronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible military beneficiary. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8066. Of the amounts appropriated for Operation and Maintenance, Navy , up to $1,000,000 shall be available for transfer to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act ( 2 U.S.C. 1105 ). 8067. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be obligated to modify command and control relationships to give Fleet Forces Command operational and administrative control of United States Navy forces assigned to the Pacific fleet: Provided, That the command and control relationships which existed on October 1, 2004, shall remain in force until a written modification has been proposed to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That the proposed modification may be implemented 30 days after the notification unless an objection is received from either the House or Senate Appropriations Committees: Provided further, That any proposed modification shall not preclude the ability of the commander of United States Indo-Pacific Command to meet operational requirements. 8068. Any notice that is required to be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate under section 3601 of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 804(a) of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 shall be submitted pursuant to that requirement concurrently to the Subcommittees on Defense of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 8069. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the headings Procurement, Defense-Wide and Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide , $500,000,000 shall be for the Israeli Cooperative Programs: Provided, That of this amount, $110,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter short-range rocket threats, subject to the U.S.-Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $127,000,000 shall be for the Short Range Ballistic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, including cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program; $40,000,000 shall be for co-production activities of SRBMD systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for SRBMD, as amended; $50,000,000 shall be for an upper-tier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture, of which $50,000,000 shall be for co-production activities of Arrow 3 Upper Tier systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for Arrow 3 Upper Tier, as amended; and $173,000,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including development of a long range, ground and airborne, detection suite. 8070. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , $1,930,024,000 shall be available until September 30, 2025, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases for the following programs: (1) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2013/2025: Carrier Replacement Program, $236,000,000; (2) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2016/2025 DDG 51 Program, $10,509,000; (3) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2017/2025 Virginia Class Submarine Program, $219,370,000; (4) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2017/2025 DDG 51 Program, $115,600,000; (5) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2017/2025 Littoral Combat Ship Program, $8,100,000; (6) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2017/2025 LHA Replacement Program, $115,397,000; (7) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2018/2025 Virginia Class Submarine Program, $73,634,000; (8) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2018/2025 DDG 51 Program, $107,405,000; (9) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2018/2025 Littoral Combat Ship Program, $12,000,000; (10) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2018/2025 LPD17 (Flight II) Amphibious Transport Dock Program, $19,158,000; (11) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2018/2025 Oceanographic Ships Program, $18,000,000; (12) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2018/2025 Ship to Shore Connector Program, $14,694,000; (13) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2019/2025 Littoral Combat Ship Program, $27,900,000; (14) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2019/2025 T-AO Fleet Oiler Program, $49,995,000; (15) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2019/2025 Ship to Shore Connector Program, $33,345,000; (16) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2020/2025 CVN Refueling Overhauls, $669,171,000; (17) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2020/2025 T-AO Fleet Oiler Program, $151,837,000; (18) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2020/2025 Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship Program, $978,000; (19) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2021/2025 Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship Program, $17,375,000; (20) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2022/2025 T-AO Fleet Oiler Program, $13,222,000; (21) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2022/2025 Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship Program, $4,234,000; and (22) Under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , 2023/2025 T-AO Fleet Oiler Program, $12,100,000. 8071. Funds appropriated by this Act for intelligence and intelligence-related activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1) ) until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025. 8072. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity unless such program, project, or activity must be undertaken immediately in the interest of national security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. 8073. None of the funds in this Act may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile defense system. 8074. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or expended for the purpose of decommissioning any Littoral Combat Ship or the U.S.S. Lake Erie. 8075. For purposes of section 1553(b) of title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy appropriations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. 8076. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided, That the Air Force shall allow the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of national defense requirements during the non-hurricane season. 8077. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized foreign intelligence activities: Provided, That information pertaining to United States persons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. 8078. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2026. 8079. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2025: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President's budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation by Expenditure Center and project; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional intelligence committees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the congressional intelligence committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. 8080. Any transfer of amounts appropriated to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Account in or for fiscal year 2025 to a military department or Defense Agency pursuant to section 1705(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, shall be covered by and subject to section 8005 of this Act. 8081. (a) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3024(d) ) that— (1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated funding of $10,000,000 or more; (3) transfers funding into or out of the National Intelligence Program; or (4) transfers funding between appropriations, unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security requirements. (b) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3024(d) ) that results in a cumulative increase or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security requirements. 8082. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. 8083. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the contractor agrees not to— (1) enter into any agreement with any of its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or (2) take any action to enforce any provision of an existing agreement with an employee or independent contractor that mandates that the employee or independent contractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract unless the contractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a covered subcontractor is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). (c) The prohibitions in this section do not apply with respect to a contractor's or subcontractor's agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be enforced in a court of the United States. (d) The Secretary of Defense may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a particular contractor or subcontractor for the purposes of a particular contract or subcontract if the Secretary or the Deputy Secretary personally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national security interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term selected, and shall state any alternatives considered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such alternative would not avoid harm to national security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall transmit to Congress, and simultaneously make public, any determination under this subsection not less than 15 business days before the contract or subcontract addressed in the determination may be awarded. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8084. From within the funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $162,500,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84 : Provided, That for purposes of section 1704(b), the facility operations funded are operations of the integrated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility as described by section 706 of Public Law 110–417 : Provided further, That additional funds may be transferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Defense to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 8085. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code. 8086. Notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles, appropriations available to the Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of: (1) heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle; and (2) passenger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle for use by military and civilian employees of the Department of Defense in the United States Central Command area of responsibility. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8087. Upon a determination by the Director of National Intelligence that such action is necessary and in the national interest, the Director may, with the approval of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $1,500,000,000 of the funds made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2025. 8088. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy , $204,939,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2029, may be used for the purchase of two used sealift vessels for the National Defense Reserve Fleet, established under section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 ( 46 U.S.C. 57100 ): Provided, That such amounts are available for reimbursements to the Ready Reserve Force, Maritime Administration account of the United States Department of Transportation for programs, projects, activities, and expenses related to the National Defense Reserve Fleet: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 2218 of title 10, United States Code, none of these funds shall be transferred to the National Defense Sealift Fund for execution. 8089. The Secretary of Defense shall post grant awards on a public website in a searchable format. 8090. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Security Agency to— (1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or (2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any electronic communication of a United States person from a provider of electronic communication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. 8091. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Federal agency not financed by this Act without the express authorization of Congress: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to transfers of funds expressly provided for in Department of Defense Appropriations Acts, or provisions of Acts providing supplemental appropriations for the Department of Defense. 8092. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for Operation and Maintenance, Navy , $769,047,000, to remain available until expended, may be used for any purposes related to the National Defense Reserve Fleet established under section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 ( 46 U.S.C. 57100 ): Provided, That such amounts are available for reimbursements to the Ready Reserve Force, Maritime Administration account of the United States Department of Transportation for programs, projects, activities, and expenses related to the National Defense Reserve Fleet. 8093. (a) None of the funds provided in this Act for the TAO Fleet Oiler program shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of the following components unless those components are manufactured in the United States: Auxiliary equipment (including pumps) for shipboard services; propulsion equipment (including engines, reduction gears, and propellers); shipboard cranes; spreaders for shipboard cranes; and anchor chains, specifically for the seventh and subsequent ships of the fleet. (b) None of the funds provided in this Act for the FFG(X) Frigate program shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of the following components unless those components are manufactured in the United States: Air circuit breakers; gyrocompasses; electronic navigation chart systems; steering controls; pumps; propulsion and machinery control systems; totally enclosed lifeboats; auxiliary equipment pumps; shipboard cranes; auxiliary chill water systems; and propulsion propellers: Provided , That the Secretary of the Navy shall incorporate United States manufactured propulsion engines and propulsion reduction gears into the FFG(X) Frigate program beginning not later than with the eleventh ship of the program. 8094. None of the funds provided in this Act for requirements development, performance specification development, concept design and development, ship configuration development, systems engineering, naval architecture, marine engineering, operations research analysis, industry studies, preliminary design, development of the Detailed Design and Construction Request for Proposals solicitation package, or related activities for the T–ARC(X) Cable Laying and Repair Ship or the T–AGOS(X) Oceanographic Surveillance Ship may be used to award a new contract for such activities unless these contracts include specifications that all auxiliary equipment, including pumps and propulsion shafts, are manufactured in the United States. 8095. No amounts credited or otherwise made available in this or any other Act to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Account may be transferred to: (1) the Rapid Prototyping Fund established under section 804(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( 10 U.S.C. 2302 note); or (2) credited to a military-department specific fund established under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (as amended by section 897 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017). 8096. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense for gaming, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or participants, as prohibited by Department of Defense Instruction 1015.10 (enclosures 3 and 14b). 8097. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities, or for any activity necessary for the national defense, including intelligence activities. 8098. None of the funds provided for, or otherwise made available, in this or any other Act, may be obligated or expended by the Secretary of Defense to provide motorized vehicles, aviation platforms, munitions other than small arms and munitions appropriate for customary ceremonial honors, operational military units, or operational military platforms if the Secretary determines that providing such units, platforms, or equipment would undermine the readiness of such units, platforms, or equipment. 8099. (a) None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to any corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting such tax liability, provided that the applicable Federal agency is aware of the unpaid Federal tax liability. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply if the applicable Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation described in such subsection and has made a determination that such suspension or debarment is not necessary to protect the interests of the Federal Government. 8100. (a) Amounts appropriated under title IV of this Act, as detailed in budget activity eight in the tables titled Explanation of Project Level Adjustments in the explanatory statement regarding this Act, may be used for expenses for the agile research, development, test and evaluation, procurement, production, modification, and operation and maintenance, only for the following Software and Digital Technology Pilot programs— (1) Defensive CYBER (PE 0608041A); (2) Risk Management Information (PE 0608013N); (3) Maritime Tactical Command and Control (PE 0608231N); (4) Space Domain Awareness/Planning/Tasking SW (PE 1208248SF); (5) Global Command and Control System (PE 0303150K); (6) Acquisition Visibility (PE 0608648D8Z); and (7) Cyber Operations Technology Support (PE 0306250JCY). (b) None of the funds appropriated by this or prior Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended to initiate additional Software and Digital Technology Pilot Programs in fiscal year 2025. 8101. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to transfer the National Reconnaissance Office to the Space Force: Provided, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit or prohibit cooperation, collaboration, and coordination between the National Reconnaissance Office and the Space Force or any other elements of the Department of Defense. 8102. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to transfer any Federal mission, covered member of the National Guard (as defined in section 1733(g) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 )), or covered space function of the National Guard (as defined in section 924(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 )), from the National Guard to the United States Space Force in contravention of section 104 of title 32, United States Code, or section 18238 of title 10, United States Code. 8103. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): (1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States Code. (2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of Public Law 105–277 ; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations. (3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Department of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 ( Public Law 109–148 ). 8104. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, intelligence, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion, the Third Separate Assault Brigade, or any successor organization. 8105. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for purposes specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Kuwait, under that section: Provided, That, such contributions shall, upon receipt, be credited to the appropriations or fund which incurred such obligations. 8106. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide , for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, $1,423,630,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026, shall be available for International Security Cooperation Programs and other programs to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or building partner capacity programs: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds made available in this section, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any planned obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the use and status of funds made available in this section. 8107. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide , for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, $61,406,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, shall be for payments to reimburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, including access, provided to United States military and stability operations to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided, That such reimbursement payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may determine, based on documentation determined by the Secretary of Defense to adequately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclusive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following written notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further, That these funds may be used for the purpose of providing specialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a non-reimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and stability operations to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and 15 days following written notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the use and status of funds made available in this section. 8108. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide , for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, $380,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, shall be available for support authorized by subparagraphs (A) through (E) of section 1226(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( 22 U.S.C. 2151 note), of which not less than $150,000,000 shall be for support authorized by subparagraph (A) of such section: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds made available in this section, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any planned obligation and the nature of the expenses incurred: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the use and status of funds made available in this section. 8109. The Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to taking any action to pause, suspend, or eliminate assistance to a country made available by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of Defense, notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 8110. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution ( 50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq. ). 8111. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for excess defense articles, assistance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–457 ; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1 ) may be used to support any military training or operation that includes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. 8112. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for any member of Hamas, Hezbollah, the Houthis, or the Taliban. 8113. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency. 8114. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any transfer of funds, appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act, for support to friendly foreign countries in connection with the conduct of operations in which the United States is not participating, pursuant to section 331(d) of title 10, United States Code, shall be made in accordance with section 8005 of this Act. 8115. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of Defense, or any other official or officer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any subsidiary of Rosoboronexport. (b) The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, determines that it is in the vital national security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that— (1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the transfer of lethal military equipment to, and the maintenance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; (2) the armed forces of the Russian Federation have withdrawn from Ukraine; and (3) agents of the Russian Federation have ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. (c) The Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on which such a waiver is issued by the Secretary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. 8116. The Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing not more than 30 days after the receipt of any contribution of funds received from the government of a foreign country for any purpose relating to the stationing or operations of the United States Armed Forces: Provided, That such notification shall include the amount of the contribution; the purpose for which such contribution was made; and the authority under which such contribution was accepted by the Secretary of Defense: Provided further, That not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating such funds, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees in writing a notification of the planned use of such contributions, including whether such contributions would support existing or new stationing or operations of the United States Armed Forces. 8117. (a) The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Chiefs of the Armed Forces, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, not later than 30 days after the last day of each quarter of the fiscal year, a report on the use of operation and maintenance funds for activities or exercises in excess of $5,000,000 that have been designated by the Secretary of Defense as unplanned activities for fiscal year 2025. (b) Each report required by subsection (a) shall also include— (1) the title, date, and location, of each activity and exercise covered by the report; (2) an identification of the military department and units that participated in each such activity or exercise (including an estimate of the number of participants); (3) the total cost of the activity or exercise, by budget line item (with a breakdown by cost element such as transportation); and (4) a short explanation of the objective of the activity or exercise. (c) The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 8118. Concurrent with any exercise of the drawdown authority provided by Section 506 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2318 ), the Secretary of Defense shall submit a written report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that contains a description of the defense articles and defense services to be furnished, including the quantity, approximate value, and a timeline for the delivery of such defense articles and defense services, as well as an estimate of the cost to replace such article or an equivalent capability. 8119. Not later than 15 days after the date on which any foreign base that involves the stationing or operations of the United States Armed Forces, including a temporary base, permanent base, or base owned and operated by a foreign country, is opened or closed, the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the opening or closing of such base: Provided, That such notification shall also include information on any personnel changes, costs, and savings associated with the opening or closing of such base. 8120. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for any of the following purposes: (1) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) To exercise United States control over any oil resource of Iraq or Syria. 8121. Up to $500,000,000 of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency may be used to support the armed forces of Jordan. 8122. Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, United States Southern Command shall assume combatant command responsibility for activities related to Mexico. 8123. The total amount appropriated or otherwise made available in title II of this Act is hereby reduced by $500,000,000 to limit excessive growth in the procurement of advisory and assistance services, as follows: Operation and Maintenance, Army , $138,000,000; Operation and Maintenance, Navy , $68,000,000; Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps , $52,000,000; Operation and Maintenance, Air Force , $77,000,000; Operation and Maintenance, Space Force , $9,500,000; Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide , $143,000,000; and Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard , $12,500,000: Provided, That this section shall not apply to appropriations for the National Intelligence Program and Military Intelligence Program. 8124. The total amount appropriated or otherwise made available in title II of this Act is hereby reduced by $100,000,000 to reflect savings attributable to efficiencies and management improvements in the funding of miscellaneous or other contracts in the military departments, as follows: Operation and Maintenance, Army , $21,000,000; Operation and Maintenance, Navy , $25,000,000; Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps , $3,500,000; Operation and Maintenance, Air Force , $22,000,000; Operation and Maintenance, Space Force , $1,700,000; and Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide , $26,800,000: Provided, That this section shall not apply to appropriations for the National Intelligence Program and Military Intelligence Program. 8125. The amounts appropriated in title II of this Act are hereby reduced by $300,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds, as follows: (1) From Operation and Maintenance, Army , $150,000,000; and (2) From Operation and Maintenance, Navy , $150,000,000. 8126. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, to reflect savings due to favorable foreign exchange rates, the total amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $250,000,000. 8127. (a) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall allocate amounts made available from the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors (CHIPS) for America Defense Fund for fiscal year 2025 pursuant to the transfer authority in section 102(b)(1) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 (division A of Public Law 117–167 ), to the account specified, in the amounts specified, and for the projects and activities specified, in the table titled Department of Defense Allocation of Funds: CHIPS and Science Act Fiscal Year 2025 in the explanatory statement regarding this Act. (b) Neither the President nor his designee may allocate any amounts that are made available for any fiscal year under section 102(b)(2) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 if there is in effect an Act making or continuing appropriations for part of a fiscal year for the Department of Defense: Provided, That in any fiscal year, the matter preceding this proviso shall not apply to the allocation, apportionment, or allotment of amounts for continuing administration of programs allocated using funds transferred from the CHIPS for America Defense Fund, which may be allocated pursuant to the transfer authority in section 102(b)(1) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 only in amounts that are no more than the allocation for such purposes in subsection (a) of this section. (c) The Secretary of Defense may reallocate funds allocated by subsection (a) of this section, subject to the terms and conditions contained in the provisos in section 8005 of this Act: Provided, That amounts may be reallocated pursuant to this subsection only for those requirements necessary to carry out section 9903(b) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ). (d) Concurrent with the annual budget submission of the President for fiscal year 2026, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate proposed allocations by account and by program, project, or activity, with detailed justifications, for amounts made available under section 102(b)(2) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 for fiscal year 2026. (e) The Department of Defense shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the CHIPS for America Defense Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to subsection (a) of this section, including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds. 8128. In carrying out the program described in the memorandum on the subject of Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such memorandum, the Secretary of Defense shall apply such policy and guidance, except that— (1) the limitation on periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (2) the term assisted reproductive technology shall include embryo cryopreservation and storage without limitation on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. 8129. The Secretary of Defense may obligate funds made available in this Act for procurement or for research, development, test and evaluation for the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter to modify up to six F–35 aircraft, including up to two F–35 aircraft of each variant, to a test configuration: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, with the concurrence of the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy, notify the congressional defense committees not fewer than 30 days prior to obligating funds under this section: Provided further, That any transfer of funds pursuant to the authority provided in this section shall be made in accordance with section 8005 of this Act. 8130. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be obligated to integrate an alternative engine on any F–35 aircraft. 8131. The Secretary of Defense may use up to $650,000,000 of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act to the Department of Defense for the rapid acquisition and deployment of supplies and associated support services pursuant to section 3601 of title 10, United States Code, but only for the purposes specified in clauses (i), (ii), (iii), and (iv) of subsection (c)(3)(B) of such section and subject to the applicable limits specified in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of such subsection and, in the case of clause (iv) of such subsection, subject to a limit of $50,000,000, or for the purposes specified in section 229 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ) and subject to a limit of $100,000,000: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees promptly of all uses of this authority. 8132. There is appropriated to the Department of Defense Credit Program Account established pursuant to section 903(b)(5) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ), $89,049,000, to remain available until expended, for the cost of loans and loan guarantees pursuant to section 903(b) of such Act for a pilot program on capital assistance to support defense investment in the industrial base, of which up to $7,900,000 may be used for administrative expenses to carry out the capital assistance and technical assistance programs authorized by such section: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such amounts are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, and total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $8,000,000,000: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may assess administrative fees to recover all, or a portion, of the costs to administer loan and loan guarantees authorized under such section 903(b), and may credit fee receipts to the Department of Defense Credit Program Account, to be available until expended to cover such expenses: Provided further, That, for the purposes of carrying out the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the Director of the Congressional Budget Office may request, and the Secretary shall promptly provide, documentation and information relating to a project identified by the Department of Defense pursuant to a Notice of Funding Availability for applications for credit assistance under such section 903(b). 8133. Notwithstanding section 8055 of this Act, amounts appropriated under the heading Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide of this Act, as detailed in budget activity eight in the tables titled Explanation of Project Level Adjustments in the explanatory statement regarding this Act for Defense Innovation Unit (DIU) Fielding line 294A, that exceed the amounts requested may be used for expenses for agile research, development, test and evaluation, procurement, production, modification, and operation and maintenance requirements, including the initial acquisition of end-items for operational use: Provided, That none of these funds may be obligated or expended until 15 days after the Secretary of Defense provides the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a detailed execution plan for such funds. 8134. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to support, directly or indirectly, the Wuhan Institute of Virology, or any laboratory owned or controlled by the governments of the People’s Republic of China, the Republic of Cuba, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela under the Maduro regime, or any other country determined by the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to be a foreign adversary. 8135. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to fund any work to be performed by EcoHealth Alliance, Inc. 8136. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 8137. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity except in accordance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ) and section 1035 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ). 8138. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 8139. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 8140. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to remove a Chinese military company from the list required by section 1260H of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ), except in accordance with subsection (b)(3) of such section and 15 days following written notification to the congressional defense committees. 8141. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enforce any COVID-19 mask mandates. 8142. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to require a member of the Armed Forces or a civilian employee of the Department of Defense to receive a vaccination against COVID-19. 8143. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to require vaccination against COVID-19 as a prerequisite for student attendance at a Department of Defense Education Activity school. 8144. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used, with regards to a member of the Armed Forces with a minor dependent child enrolled in an Exceptional Family Member Program (EFMP)— (1) to provide gender transition procedures, including surgery or medication, to such child through such EFMP; (2) to provide a referral for a procedure described in paragraph (1) to such child through such EFMP; or (3) to approve a change of duty station for such member through such EFMP for the purpose of providing such child with access to procedures described in paragraph (1). 8145. (a) In General Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) Discriminatory Action Defined As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) Accreditation; Licensure; Certification The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). 8146. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to grant, renew, or maintain a security clearance for any individual listed as a signatory in the statement titled Public Statement on the Hunter Biden Emails dated October 19, 2020. 8147. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to— (1) classify or facilitate the classification of any communications by a United States person as mis-, dis-, or mal- information; or (2) partner with or fund nonprofit or other organizations that pressure or recommend private companies to censor lawful and constitutionally protected speech of United States persons, including recommending the censoring or removal of content on social media platforms. 8148. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to carry out any program, project, or activity that promotes or advances Critical Race Theory, any concept associated with Critical Race Theory, or that teaches or trains any idea or concept that condones an individual being discriminated against or receiving adverse or beneficial treatment based on race or sex, that condones an individual feeling discomfort, guilt, anguish, or any other form of psychological distress on account of that individual's race or sex, as well as any idea or concept that regards one race as inherently superior to another race, the United States or its institutions as being systemically racist or sexist, an individual as being inherently racist, sexist, or oppressive by virtue of that individual's race or sex, an individual's moral character as being necessarily determined by race or sex, an individual as bearing responsibility for actions committed in the past by other members of the same race or sex, or meritocracy being racist, sexist, or having been created by a particular race to oppress another race. 8149. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to finalize, promulgate, or implement the rule proposed by the Department of Defense titled Federal Acquisition Regulation: Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Climate-Related Financial Risk (87 Fed. Reg. 68312; November 14, 2022), or to propose, promulgate, or implement any substantially similar rule or policy. 8150. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act shall be used to implement, administer, or otherwise carry out the Department of Defense memorandum dated October 20, 2022, or any successor to such memorandum, or to propose, promulgate, or implement any substantially similar rule or policy. 8151. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used or transferred to another Federal agency, board, or commission to recruit, hire, or promote any person who has been convicted of a Federal or State child pornography charge, has been convicted of any other Federal or State sexual assault charge, or has been formally disciplined for using Federal resources to access, use, or sell child pornography. 8152. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to promote, host, facilitate, or support events on United States military installations or as part of military recruiting programs that violate the Department of Defense Joint Ethics Regulation or bring discredit upon the military, such as a drag queen story hour for children or the use of drag queens as military recruiters. 8153. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for surgical procedures or hormone therapies for the purposes of gender affirming care. 8154. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to carry out section 147 of title 10, United States Code, and sections 554(a) and 913(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ). 8155. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out the Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility Strategic Plan of the Department of Defense, or Executive Order 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009, relating to advancing racial equity and support for under-served communities through the Federal Government), Executive Order 14035 of June 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34593, relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility in the Federal workforce), Executive Order 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825, relating to further advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal government), or shall be used to execute activities that promote or perpetuate divisive concepts related to race or sex, such as the concepts that one race or sex is inherently superior to another, or that an individual's moral character or worth is determined by their race or sex. 8156. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay for the costs of teleworking or remote working for any employee or contractor of the Department of Defense on a regular and recurring basis. 8157. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to provide assistance to the Department of Homeland Security to house persons on a military installation located in the United States. 8158. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for any office of diversity, equity, or inclusion. 8159. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to NewsGuard Technologies Inc. 8160. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to implement any of the following executive orders: (1) Executive Order No. 13990, relating to Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science To Tackle the Climate Crisis. (2) Executive Order No. 14008, relating to Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad. (3) Section 6 of Executive Order No. 14013, relating to Rebuilding and Enhancing Programs To Resettle Refugees and Planning for the Impact of Climate Change on Migration. (4) Executive Order No. 14030, relating to Climate-Related Financial Risk. (5) Executive Order No. 14057, relating to Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs Through Federal Sustainability. (6) Executive Order No. 14082, relating to Implementation of the Energy and Infrastructure Provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. (7) Executive Order No. 14096, relating to Revitalizing Our Nation's Commitment to Environmental Justice for All. 8161. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used in contravention of Department of Defense Instruction 3216.01, “Use of Animals in DoD Conducted and Supported Research and Training”, dated March 20, 2019. 8162. From amounts appropriated or otherwise made available by title II of this Act under the heading Operation and Maintenance, Air Force , the Secretary of Defense may reimburse the Federated States of Micronesia in an amount not to exceed $34,000,000 for land acquisition costs for defense sites in Yap: Provided, That the Secretary shall, not less than 15 days prior to making such reimbursement, notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in writing of the details of any proposed reimbursement. 8163. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to divest or prepare to divest any U-2 aircraft. 8164. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to divest or prepare to divest any F-15 aircraft unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that such aircraft will be replaced in a manner that maintains the current total aircraft assigned at a given unit and the readiness of such unit. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 8165. The Secretary of Defense may transfer funds from any available Department of the Navy appropriation (except military construction) to any available Navy ship construction appropriation for the purpose of liquidating necessary changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuations, or rate adjustments for any ship construction program appropriated in law: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer not to exceed $20,000,000 under the authority provided by this section: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, not less than 30 days prior to the transfer of any funds, notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in writing of the details of any proposed transfer: Provided further, That any funds transferred pursuant to this section shall retain the same period of availability as when originally appropriated: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 8166. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to withhold, halt, reverse, or cancel the delivery of defense articles or defense services from the United States to Israel. (b) Any defense article and defense service withheld from delivery to Israel by the Department of Defense as of the date of the enactment of this Act shall be delivered to Israel not later than 15 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense shall obligate any remaining unobligated balances of funds appropriated or otherwise made available before the date of the enactment of this Act for the Department of Defense for assistance for Israel not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 8167. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be made available for— (1) The Joint Logistics Over-the-Shore capabilities in the vicinity of Gaza; or (2) The construction, assembly, maintenance, or operation, of any pier, dock, landing, wharf, or any other structure in the vicinity of Gaza. 8168. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used for hiring practices based on gender, religion, political affiliation, or race. 8169. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 1052 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024. SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT 8170. $0. 8171. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for classified teleworking or remote working for any employee of the Department of Defense. 8172. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to remove a Chinese military company from the list required by section 1260H of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021. 8173. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to enforce subsection (b) of section 1259 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. 8174. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out Executive Order 14019 (86 Fed. Reg. 13623; relating to promoting access to voting), except for sections 7, 8, and 10 of such Executive Order. 8175. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, or enforce the proposed rule of the Department of Defense, General Services Administration, and National Aeronautics and Space Administration titled Federal Acquisition Regulation: Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Climate-Related Financial Risk (87 Fed. Reg. 68312; published November 14, 2022). This Act may be cited as the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2025 . Passed the House of Representatives June 28, 2024. Kevin F. McCumber, Clerk. September 12, 2024 Read twice and placed on the calendar

118 HR 8985 IH: Preventing Forced Abortions Act of 2024 U.S. House of Representatives 2024-07-10 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 8985 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES July 10, 2024 Mr. Ogles (for himself, Mr. Gosar , Mr. Pence , Mr. Self , Mr. Biggs , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Palmer , Mr. Duncan , Mr. Lamborn , Mr. Steube , Mr. Moore of Alabama , Mr. Mooney , and Ms. Boebert ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To provide for certain conditions on the enforcement of surrogacy contracts. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Preventing Forced Abortions Act of 2024 . 2. In general A Federal court— (1) may not enforce any provision in a surrogacy contract that requires the surrogate mother to have an abortion at the request of any intended parent, party to a surrogacy contract, or agent of any party to a surrogacy contract; and (2) shall enforce any clause requiring the payment of a surrogate mother of any compensation agreed to in a surrogacy contract, notwithstanding any provision that requires the surrogate mother to have an abortion at the request of any intended parent, party to a surrogacy contract, or agent of any party to a surrogacy contract, including any provision providing for— (A) liquidated damages based on a refusal to get an abortion; (B) reduction of payment based on a refusal to get an abortion; or (C) otherwise requiring the surrogate mother to have an abortion at the request of any party or agent of any party to a surrogacy contract. 3. Jurisdiction of the courts (a) In general Chapter 85 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 1370. Surrogacy contracts The district courts shall have original jurisdiction of all civil actions where the matter in controversy is a surrogacy contract (as such term is defined in section 4 of the Preventing Forced Abortions Act of 2024) in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 1370. Surrogacy contracts. . 4. Definitions In this Act: (1) The term intended parent means any individual who is a party to a surrogacy contract and who is the party who will take permanent custody of a child born pursuant to such contract. (2) The term surrogacy contract means an agreement setting forth the terms and conditions for the conception and birth of a child to a female with the intent of all parties being that such child shall immediately thereafter enter into the permanent custody of another individual. (3) The term surrogate mother means a female who is a party to a surrogacy contract and who is the party who will bear the child pursuant to such contract. (4) The term female means an individual who has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, a reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (5) The term abortion means the use or prescription of any instrument, medicine, drug, or any other substance or device— (A) to intentionally kill the unborn child of a woman known to be pregnant; or (B) to intentionally terminate the pregnancy of a woman known to be pregnant, with an intention other than— (i) after viability to produce a live birth and preserve the life and health of the child born alive; or (ii) to remove a dead unborn child.

118 HR 8997 RH: Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2024-07-11 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IB Union Calendar No. 480 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 8997 Report No. 118–580 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES July 11, 2024 Mr. Fleischmann , from the Committee on Appropriations reported the following bill; which was committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed A BILL Making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes, namely: I CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY Corps of Engineers—Civil The following appropriations shall be expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. INVESTIGATIONS For expenses necessary where authorized by law for the collection and study of basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of proposed river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and related efforts prior to construction; for restudy of authorized projects; and for miscellaneous investigations, and, when authorized by law, surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of projects prior to construction, $159,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary shall not deviate from the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. CONSTRUCTION For expenses necessary for the construction of river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed studies, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving participation by States, local governments, or private groups) authorized or made eligible for selection by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to construction); $3,010,000,000, to remain available until expended; of which $34,900,000, to be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, shall be to cover the Federal share of construction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities program; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover 35 percent of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabilitation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifically provided for in law: Provided, That the Secretary shall not deviate from the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES For expenses necessary for flood damage reduction projects and related efforts in the Mississippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $370,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $5,465,000, to be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, shall be to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for inland harbors: Provided, That the Secretary shall not deviate from the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE For expenses necessary for the operation, maintenance, and care of existing river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; providing security for infrastructure owned or operated by the Corps, including administrative buildings and laboratories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straightening channels; and removing obstructions to navigation, $5,714,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $3,106,635,000, to be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, shall be to cover the Federal share of eligible operations and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors, of which $60,000,000 shall be to carry out subsection (c) of section 2106 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 ( 33 U.S.C. 2238c(c) ) and shall be designated as being for such purpose pursuant to paragraph (2) of section 14003 of division B of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act ( Public Law 116–136 ); of which such sums as become available from the special account for the Corps of Engineers established by the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, research, interpretation, and maintenance activities related to resource protection in the areas at which outdoor recreation is available; of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104–303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material disposal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Provided, That 1 percent of the total amount of funds provided for each of the programs, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field operating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appropriate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall allocate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not deviate from the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. REGULATORY PROGRAM For expenses necessary for administration of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable waters and wetlands, $218,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. FORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL ACTION PROGRAM For expenses necessary to clean up contamination from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation's early atomic energy program, $200,000,000, to remain available until expended. FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES For expenses necessary to prepare for flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such disasters as authorized by law, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended. EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the supervision and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the Corps of Engineers and the offices of the Division Engineers; and for costs of management and operation of the Humphreys Engineer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allocable to the civil works program, $231,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation provided in this title shall be available to fund the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works executive direction and management activities of the division offices: Provided further, That any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the supervision and general administration of emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to any flood, hurricane, or other natural disaster. OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE ARMY FOR CIVIL WORKS For the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works as authorized by 10 U.S.C. 7016(b)(3) , $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That not more than 25 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until the Assistant Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the report required under section 101(d) of this Act and a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the additional funding provided under each heading in the report accompanying this Act, to specific programs, projects, or activities. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND INNOVATION PROGRAM ACCOUNT For administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, notwithstanding section 5033 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. In addition, fees authorized to be collected pursuant to sections 5029 and 5030 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 shall be deposited in this account, to remain available until expended. GENERAL PROVISIONS—CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 101. (a) None of the funds provided in title I of this Act, or provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in title I of this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2025, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a specific activity for a different purpose, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress; (5) augments or reduces existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of the amounts contained in paragraphs (6) through (10), unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress; (6) Investigations For a base level over $100,000, reprogramming of 25 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $150,000 per project, study, or activity is allowed: Provided, That for a base level less than $100,000, the reprogramming limit is $25,000: Provided further, That up to $25,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropriation for existing obligations and concomitant administrative expenses; (7) Construction For a base level over $2,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $3,000,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Provided, That for a base level less than $2,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $300,000: Provided further, That up to $3,000,000 may be reprogrammed for settled contractor claims, changed conditions, or real estate deficiency judgments: Provided further, That up to $300,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropriation for existing obligations and concomitant administrative expenses; (8) Operation and maintenance Unlimited reprogramming authority is granted for the Corps to be able to respond to emergencies: Provided, That the Chief of Engineers shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of these emergency actions as soon thereafter as practicable: Provided further, That for a base level over $1,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $5,000,000 per project, study, or activity is allowed: Provided further, That for a base level less than $1,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $150,000: Provided further, That $150,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropriation; (9) Mississippi river and tributaries The reprogramming guidelines in paragraphs (6), (7), and (8) shall apply to the Investigations, Construction, and Operation and Maintenance portions of the Mississippi River and Tributaries Account, respectively; and (10) Formerly utilized sites remedial action program Reprogramming of up to 15 percent of the base of the receiving project is permitted. (b) De minimus reprogrammings In no case should a reprogramming for less than $50,000 be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. (c) Continuing authorities program Subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to any project or activity funded under the continuing authorities program. (d) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year which shall include: (1) A table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President's budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if applicable, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) A delineation in the table for each appropriation both by object class and program, project and activity as detailed in the budget appendix for the respective appropriations; and (3) An identification of items of special congressional interest. 102. The Secretary shall allocate funds made available in this Act solely in accordance with the provisions of this Act and in the report accompanying this Act. 103. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to section 101. 104. The Secretary of the Army may transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and expend, up to $8,733,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading Operation and Maintenance to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers projects. 105. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for an open lake placement alternative for dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or tributaries thereto, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1341 ): Provided, That until an open lake placement alternative for dredged material is approved under a State water quality certification, the Corps of Engineers shall continue upland placement of such dredged material consistent with the requirements of section 101 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 ( 33 U.S.C. 2211 ). 106. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any water supply reallocation study under the Wolf Creek Dam, Lake Cumberland, Kentucky, project authorized under the Act of July 24, 1946 (60 Stat. 636, ch. 595). 107. Additional funding provided in this Act shall be allocated only to projects determined to be eligible by the Chief of Engineers. 108. Not later than 15 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees any guidance documents relating to the implementation of the rule entitled “Revised Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’; Conforming” published by the Army Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on September 8, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 61964). 109. None of the funds made available by this Act or any prior Act may be used to alter the eligibility requirements for assistance under section 5 of the Act of August 18, 1941 ( 33 U.S.C. 701n ) in effect on November 14, 2022, without express authorization by Congress. 110. As of the date of enactment of this Act and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of the Army shall not promulgate or enforce any regulation that prohibits an individual from possessing a firearm, including an assembled or functional firearm, at a water resources development project covered under section 327.0 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act) if: (1) the individual is not otherwise prohibited by law from possessing a firearm; and (2) the possession of the firearm is in compliance with the law of the State in which the water resources development project is located. 111. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to modify or amend the final rules entitled, “Reissuance and Modification of Nationwide Permits” (86 Fed. Reg. 2744) and “Reissuance and Modification of Nationwide Permits” (86 Fed. Reg. 73522). 112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or enforce section 370 of Public Law 116–283 with respect to civil works projects. II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR Central Utah Project CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT For carrying out activities authorized by the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $23,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $4,000,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $1,900,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for expenses necessary in carrying out related responsibilities of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2025, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $2,164,000 for administrative expenses: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading, not to exceed $1,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses. Bureau of Reclamation The following appropriations shall be expended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For management, development, and restoration of water and related natural resources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilitation of reclamation and other facilities, participation in fulfilling related Federal responsibilities to Native Americans, and related grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local governments, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and others, $1,773,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $23,620,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $7,584,000 shall be available for transfer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided, That $100,000 shall be available for transfer into the Aging Infrastructure Account established by section 9603(d)(1) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009, as amended ( 43 U.S.C. 510b(d)(1) ): Provided further, That such transfers, except for the transfer authorized by the preceding proviso, may be increased or decreased within the overall appropriation under this heading: Provided further, That of the total appropriated, the amount for program activities that can be financed by the Reclamation Fund, the Water Storage Enhancement Receipts account established by section 4011(e) of Public Law 114–322 , or the Bureau of Reclamation special fee account established by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further, That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Provided further, That funds advanced under 43 U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same purposes as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $7,000,000 shall be deposited in the San Gabriel Basin Restoration Fund established by section 110 of title I of division B of appendix D of Public Law 106–554 : Provided further, That of the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for high-priority projects which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706: Provided further, That within available funds, $250,000 shall be for grants and financial assistance for educational activities: Provided further, That in accordance with section 4007 of Public Law 114–322 and as recommended by the Secretary in a letter dated May 22, 2024, funding provided for such purpose in fiscal year 2024 shall be made available to the Sites Reservoir Project: Provided further , That in accordance with section 4009(c) of Public Law 114–322 , and as recommended by the Secretary in a letter dated May 22, 2024, funding provided for such purpose in fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2024 shall be made available to the El Paso Aquifer Storage and Recovery Enhanced Arroyo Project, the Replenish Big Bear, and the Purified Water Replenishment Project. CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT RESTORATION FUND For carrying out the programs, projects, plans, habitat restoration, improvement, and acquisition provisions of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, such sums as may be collected in fiscal year 2025 in the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund pursuant to sections 3407(d), 3404(c)(3), and 3405(f) of Public Law 102–575 , to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Bureau of Reclamation is directed to assess and collect the full amount of the additional mitigation and restoration payments authorized by section 3407(d) of Public Law 102–575 : Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leasing of water for in-stream purposes if the water is already committed to in-stream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. CALIFORNIA BAY-DELTA RESTORATION (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For carrying out activities authorized by the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environmental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $33,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Federal agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided further, That CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear performance measures demonstrating concurrent progress in achieving the goals and objectives of the Program. POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION For expenses necessary for policy, administration, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and offices in the six regions of the Bureau of Reclamation, to remain available until September 30, 2026, $66,794,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimbursable as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377 , of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administration expenses. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclamation shall be available for purchase and replacement of not to exceed 30 motor vehicles, which are for replacement only. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 201. (a) None of the funds provided in title II of this Act for Water and Related Resources, or provided by previous or subsequent appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in title II of this Act for Water and Related Resources that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2025, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) initiates or creates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress; (4) restarts or resumes any program, project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress; (5) transfers funds in excess of the following limits, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: (A) 15 percent for any program, project or activity for which $2,000,000 or more is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; or (B) $400,000 for any program, project or activity for which less than $2,000,000 is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; (6) transfers more than $500,000 from either the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category or the Resources Management and Development category to any program, project, or activity in the other category, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress; or (7) transfers, where necessary to discharge legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclamation, more than $5,000,000 to provide adequate funds for settled contractor claims, increased contractor earnings due to accelerated rates of operations, and real estate deficiency judgments, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. (b) Subsection (a)(5) shall not apply to any transfer of funds within the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category. (c) For purposes of this section, the term transfer means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. (d) Except as provided in subsections (a) and (b), the amounts made available in this title under the heading Bureau of Reclamation—Water and Related Resources shall be expended for the programs, projects, and activities specified in the House Recommended columns in the Water and Related Resources table included under the heading Title II—Department of the Interior in the report accompanying this Act. (e) The Bureau of Reclamation shall submit reports on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress detailing all the funds reprogrammed between programs, projects, activities, or categories of funding. The first quarterly report shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 202. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of discharge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Secretary of the Interior and the State of California of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of California as approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. (b) The costs of the Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and the costs of the San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program shall be classified by the Secretary of the Interior as reimbursable or nonreimbursable and collected until fully repaid pursuant to the Cleanup Program—Alternative Repayment Plan and the SJVDP—Alternative Repayment Plan described in the report entitled Repayment Report, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, February 1995 , prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future obligations of funds by the United States relating to, or providing for, drainage service or drainage studies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reimbursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal reclamation law. 203. (a) Title I of Public Law 108–361 (the Calfed Bay-Delta Authorization Act), shall be applied by substituting “2025” for 2022 each place it appears. (b) Section 103(f)(4)(A) of Public Law 108–361 (the Calfed Bay-Delta Authorization Act) is amended by striking “$30,000,000” and inserting “$40,000,000”. 204. (a) Section 104(c) of the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1991, as amended ( 43 U.S.C. 2214(c) ), shall be applied by substituting 2025 for 2022 . (b) Section 301 of the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1991 ( 43 U.S.C. 2241 )— (1) shall be applied by substituting “2025” for 2022 ; and (2) is amended by striking “$120,000,000” and inserting “$130,000,000”. 205. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to continue the reinitiated consultation on the Long-Term Operation of the Central Valley Project and State Water Project under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 ( 16 U.S.C. 1536 ), consistent with the letter from the Bureau of Reclamation dated September 30, 2021, requesting such reinitiated consultation, until the Commissioner of the Bureau of Reclamation requests and receives in writing from the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service a comprehensive report explaining the purpose, methodology, and anticipated outcomes of such reinitiated consultation: Provided, That not later than 15 days after the date on which the Director provides to the Commissioner such report, the Commissioner shall submit to Congress such report. 206. (a) The Central Valley Project and California State Water Project shall be operated in accordance with the Preferred Alternative and FWS Biological Opinion and NOAA Biological Opinion. (b) For the purposes of this section— (1) the term “Preferred Alternative” means the Alternative 1 (Preferred Alternative), as described in the Final Environmental Impact Statement on the Reinitiation of Consultation on the Coordinated Long-Term Operation of the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project” issued by the Bureau of Reclamation, and dated December 2019; (2) the term “FWS Biological Opinion” means the United States Fish and Wildlife Service “Biological Opinion for the Reinitiation of Consultation on the Coordinated Operations of the Central Valley Project and State Water Project” (Service File No. 08FBTD00–2019–F–0164) signed on October 21, 2019; and (3) the term “NOAA Biological Opinion” means the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Fisheries “Biological Opinion on the Long-Term Operation of the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project” (Consultation Tracking Number: WRCO–2016–00069) signed on October 21, 2019. 207. Section 40902(a)(2) of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( 43 U.S.C. 3202(a)(2) ) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking “this Act, except for any project for which—” and inserting “this Act; or”; and (B) by striking clauses (i) and (ii); and (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking “(except that projects described in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B) shall not be eligible)”. 208. The Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act ( Public Law 114–322 ) is amended in section 4004(a)— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), strike “public water agency that contracts” and insert “contractor”; (2) in paragraph (1), by inserting or proposed action after biological assessment ; (3) in paragraph (2), by inserting “or proposed action” after “biological assessment”; (4) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respectively; (5) after paragraph (2), by inserting the following new paragraph: (3) receive a copy of the draft proposed action and have the opportunity to review that document and provide comment to the action agency, which comments shall be afforded due consideration during development; ; and (6) in paragraph (7), as redesignated by paragraph (4) of this section— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting “action agency proposes a proposed action or” before “the consulting agency”; (B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting “proposed action or” before “alternative will”; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking “alternative actions” and inserting “actions or alternatives”. 209. (a) Title III of subtitle J of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act ( Public Law 114–322 ) is amended— (1) in section 4007(i), by striking “2021” and inserting “2026”; and (2) in section 4013— (A) in paragraph (1), by deleting “section 4004, which shall expire 10 years after the date of its enactment” and inserting “section 4004, which shall expire on December 16, 2034”; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting “on or before December 16, 2026” after “4009(c)”. (b) Section 1602(g)(1) of the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act ( 43 U.S.C. 390h ) is amended by striking “$50,000,000” and inserting “$167,500,000”. (c) Section 4(a)(2)(F)(i) of the Water Desalination Act of 1996 ( 42 U.S.C. 10301 note; Public Law 104–298 ) is amended by striking “$30,000,000” and inserting “$100,500,000”. III DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PROGRAMS Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy efficiency and renewable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $1,960,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $223,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction. Cybersecurity, Energy Security, and Emergency Response For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy sector cybersecurity, energy security, and emergency response activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $200,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $28,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction. Electricity For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for electricity activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $250,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $19,700,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction: Provided further , That funds under this heading allocated for the purposes of section 9 of the Small Business Act, as amended ( 15 U.S.C. 638 ), including for Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer activities, or for the purposes of section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 16391(a) ), for Technology Commercialization Fund activities, may be reprogrammed without being subject to the restrictions in section 301 of this Act. Grid Deployment For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for grid deployment in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $60,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $6,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction. Nuclear Energy For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $1,793,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $97,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction: Provided further, That for the purpose of section 954(a)(6) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, as amended, the only amount available shall be from the amount specified as including that purpose in the Bill column in the Department of Energy table included under the heading Title III—Department of Energy in the report accompanying this Act. Fossil Energy and Carbon Management For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out fossil energy and carbon management research and development activities, under the authority of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including the acquisition of interest, including defeasible and equitable interests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition or expansion, and for conducting inquiries, technological investigations, and research concerning the extraction, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and environmental costs ( 30 U.S.C. 3 , 1602, and 1603), $875,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount $70,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction. Naval Petroleum and Oil Shale Reserves For Department of Energy expenses necessary to carry out naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities, $13,010,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, unobligated funds remaining from prior years shall be available for all naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities. Strategic Petroleum Reserve For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Strategic Petroleum Reserve facility development and operations and program management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act ( 42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq. ), $295,148,000, to remain available until expended. Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve storage, operation, and management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act ( 42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq. ), $7,150,000, to remain available until expended. Energy Information Administration For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities of the Energy Information Administration, $141,653,000, to remain available until expended. Non-Defense Environmental Cleanup For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for non-defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $324,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That in addition, fees collected pursuant to subsection (b)(1) of section 5 of the Mercury Export Ban Act of 2008 ( 42 U.S.C. 6939f(b)(1) ) and deposited under this heading in fiscal year 2025 pursuant to section 309 of title III of division C of Public Law 116–94 are appropriated, to remain available until expended, for mercury storage costs. Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out uranium enrichment facility decontamination and decommissioning, remedial actions, and other activities of title II of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, and title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, $864,182,000, to be deposited into and subsequently derived from the Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund, to remain available until expended, of which $5,000,000 shall be available in accordance with title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. Science For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for science activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and purchase of not more than 35 passenger motor vehicles, $8,390,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $238,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction. Nuclear Waste Disposal For Department of Energy expenses necessary for nuclear waste disposal activities to carry out the purposes of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, Public Law 97–425 , as amended, $12,040,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund. Technology Transitions For Department of Energy expenses necessary for carrying out the activities of technology transitions, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $12,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction. Clean Energy Demonstrations For Department of Energy expenses necessary to carry out program direction of the Office of Clean Energy Demonstrations, $27,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. Advanced Research Projects Agency—Energy For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities authorized by section 5012 of the America COMPETES Act ( Public Law 110–69 ), $450,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $40,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction. Title 17 Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program Such sums as are derived from amounts received from borrowers pursuant to section 1702(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 under this heading in prior Acts, shall be collected in accordance with section 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided, That for necessary administrative expenses of the Title 17 Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program, as authorized, $55,000,000 is appropriated, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That up to $55,000,000 of fees collected in fiscal year 2025 pursuant to section 1702(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 shall be credited as offsetting collections under this heading and used for necessary administrative expenses in this appropriation and shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That to the extent that fees collected in fiscal year 2025 exceed $55,000,000, those excess amounts shall be credited as offsetting collections under this heading and available in future fiscal years only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced (1) as such fees are received during fiscal year 2025 (estimated at $170,000,000) and (2) to the extent that any remaining general fund appropriations can be derived from fees collected in previous fiscal years that are not otherwise appropriated, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $0: Provided further, That the Department of Energy shall not subordinate any loan obligation to other financing in violation of section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 or subordinate any Guaranteed Obligation to any loan or other debt obligations in violation of section 609.8 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations. Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program For Department of Energy administrative expenses necessary in carrying out the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, $18,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. Tribal Energy Loan Guarantee Program For Department of Energy administrative expenses necessary in carrying out the Tribal Energy Loan Guarantee Program, $6,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. Indian Energy Policy and Programs For necessary expenses for Indian Energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), $95,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $14,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction. Departmental Administration For salaries and expenses of the Department of Energy necessary for departmental administration in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), $387,078,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles and official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $30,000, plus such additional amounts as necessary to cover increases in the estimated amount of cost of work for others notwithstanding the provisions of the Anti-Deficiency Act ( 31 U.S.C. 1511 et seq. ): Provided, That such increases in cost of work are offset by revenue increases of the same or greater amount: Provided further, That moneys received by the Department for miscellaneous revenues estimated to total $100,578,000 in fiscal year 2025 may be retained and used for operating expenses within this account, as authorized by section 201 of Public Law 95–238 , notwithstanding the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 3302: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $286,500,000. Office of the Inspector General For expenses necessary for the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $100,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION Weapons Activities For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for atomic energy defense weapons activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $20,338,752,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $135,264,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction. Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for defense nuclear nonproliferation activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $2,445,000,000, to remain available until expended. Naval Reactors (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For Department of Energy expenses necessary for naval reactors activities to carry out the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including the acquisition (by purchase, condemnation, construction, or otherwise) of real property, plant, and capital equipment, facilities, and facility expansion, $2,118,773,000, to remain available until expended, of which, $94,750,000 shall be transferred to Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Nuclear Energy , for the Advanced Test Reactor: Provided, That of such amount made available under this heading, $62,848,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction. Federal Salaries and Expenses For expenses necessary for Federal Salaries and Expenses in the National Nuclear Security Administration, $564,475,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, including official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $17,000. ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES Defense Environmental Cleanup For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for atomic energy defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $7,132,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $326,893,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction. Other Defense Activities For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses, necessary for atomic energy defense, other defense activities, and classified activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $1,179,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $387,781,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for program direction. POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS Bonneville Power Administration Fund Expenditures from the Bonneville Power Administration Fund, established pursuant to Public Law 93–454 , are approved for official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $5,000: Provided, That during fiscal year 2025, no new direct loan obligations may be made. Operation and Maintenance, Southeastern Power Administration For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, including transmission wheeling and ancillary services, pursuant to section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 ( 16 U.S.C. 825s ), as applied to the southeastern power area, $9,127,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944, up to $9,127,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southeastern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , up to $75,778,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). Operation and Maintenance, Southwestern Power Administration For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, for construction and acquisition of transmission lines, substations and appurtenant facilities, and for administrative expenses, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500 in carrying out section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 ( 16 U.S.C. 825s ), as applied to the Southwestern Power Administration, $55,070,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 ( 16 U.S.C. 825s ), up to $43,630,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southwestern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation estimated at not more than $11,440,000: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , up to $80,000,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). Construction, Rehabilitation, Operation and Maintenance, Western Area Power Administration (INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS) For carrying out the functions authorized by title III, section 302(a)(1)(E) of the Act of August 4, 1977 ( 42 U.S.C. 7152 ), and other related activities including conservation and renewable resources programs as authorized, $340,983,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until expended, of which $340,983,000 shall be derived from the Department of the Interior Reclamation Fund: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 ( 16 U.S.C. 825s ), and section 1 of the Interior Department Appropriation Act, 1939 ( 43 U.S.C. 392a ), up to $241,111,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Western Area Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation estimated at not more than $99,872,000, of which $99,872,000 is derived from the Reclamation Fund: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , up to $525,000,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 and the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses): Provided further , That the remaining unobligated balances from amounts described in the fifth proviso under this heading in Public Law 111–85 are hereby permanently rescinded. Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund For operation, maintenance, and emergency costs for the hydroelectric facilities at the Falcon and Amistad Dams, $6,525,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund of the Western Area Power Administration, as provided in section 2 of the Act of June 18, 1954 (68 Stat. 255): Provided, That notwithstanding the provisions of that Act and of 31 U.S.C. 3302 , up to $6,297,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services from the Falcon and Amistad Dams shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the hydroelectric facilities of these Dams and associated Western Area Power Administration activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation estimated at not more than $228,000: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2025, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration may accept up to $1,685,000 in funds contributed by United States power customers of the Falcon and Amistad Dams for deposit into the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund, and such funds shall be available for the purpose for which contributed in like manner as if said sums had been specifically appropriated for such purpose: Provided further, That any such funds shall be available without further appropriation and without fiscal year limitation for use by the Commissioner of the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commission for the sole purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, rehabilitating, replacing, or upgrading the hydroelectric facilities at these Dams in accordance with agreements reached between the Administrator, Commissioner, and the power customers. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to carry out the provisions of the Department of Energy Organization Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 , official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $3,000, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $532,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $532,000,000 of revenues from fees and annual charges, and other services and collections in fiscal year 2025 shall be retained and used for expenses necessary in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as revenues are received during fiscal year 2025 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) 301. (a) No appropriation, funds, or authority made available by this title for the Department of Energy shall be used to initiate or resume any program, project, or activity or to prepare or initiate Requests For Proposals or similar arrangements (including Requests for Quotations, Requests for Information, and Funding Opportunity Announcements) for a program, project, or activity if the program, project, or activity has not been funded by Congress. (b) (1) Unless the Secretary of Energy notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 full business days in advance, none of the funds made available in this title may be used to— (A) make a grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling $1,000,000 or more; (B) make a discretionary contract award or Other Transaction Agreement totaling $1,000,000 or more, including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation; (C) provide nonoperational funding through a competition restricted only to Department of Energy National Laboratories totaling $1,000,000 or more; (D) provide nonoperational funding directly to a Department of Energy National Laboratory totaling $25,000,000 or more; (E) issue a letter of intent to make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D); or (F) announce publicly the intention to make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D). (2) The Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 15 days of the conclusion of each quarter a report detailing each grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling less than $1,000,000 provided during the previous quarter. (3) The notification required by paragraph (1) and the report required by paragraph (2) shall include the recipient of the award, the amount of the award, the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated, the account and program, project, or activity from which the funds are being drawn, the title of the award, and a brief description of the activity for which the award is made. (c) The Department of Energy may not, with respect to any program, project, or activity that uses budget authority made available in this title under the heading Department of Energy—Energy Programs , enter into a multiyear contract, award a multiyear grant, or enter into a multiyear cooperative agreement unless— (1) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement is funded for the full period of performance as anticipated at the time of award; or (2) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement includes a clause conditioning the Federal Government's obligation on the availability of future year budget authority and the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 days in advance. (d) Except as provided in subsections (e), (f), and (g), the amounts made available by this title shall be expended as authorized by law for the programs, projects, and activities specified in the Bill column in the Department of Energy table included under the heading Title III—Department of Energy in the report accompanying this Act. (e) The amounts made available by this title may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Department shall notify, and obtain the prior approval of, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program, project, or activity funding level to increase or decrease by more than $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. (f) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates, initiates, or eliminates a program, project, or activity; (2) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act; or (3) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activity by this Act. (g) (1) The Secretary of Energy may waive any requirement or restriction in this section that applies to the use of funds made available for the Department of Energy if compliance with such requirement or restriction would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver. (h) The unexpended balances of prior appropriations provided for activities in this Act may be available to the same appropriation accounts for such activities established pursuant to this title. Available balances may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. 302. Funds appropriated by this or any other Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3094 ) during fiscal year 2025 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2025. 303. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for the construction of facilities classified as high-hazard nuclear facilities under 10 CFR Part 830 unless independent oversight is conducted by the Office of Enterprise Assessments to ensure the project is in compliance with nuclear safety requirements. 304. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to approve critical decision-2 or critical decision-3 under Department of Energy Order 413.3B, or any successive departmental guidance, for construction projects where the total project cost exceeds $100,000,000, until a separate independent cost estimate has been developed for the project for that critical decision. 305. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to support a grant allocation award, discretionary grant award, or cooperative agreement that exceeds $100,000,000 in Federal funding unless the project is carried out through internal independent project management procedures. 306. No funds shall be transferred directly from Department of Energy—Power Marketing Administration—Colorado River Basins Power Marketing Fund, Western Area Power Administration to the general fund of the Treasury in the current fiscal year. 307. (a) The Secretary of Energy may not establish any new regional petroleum product reserve unless funding for the proposed regional petroleum product reserve is explicitly requested in advance in an annual budget submitted by the President pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, and approved by the Congress in an appropriations Act. (b) The budget request or notification shall include— (1) the justification for the new reserve; (2) a cost estimate for the establishment, operation, and maintenance of the reserve, including funding sources; (3) a detailed plan for operation of the reserve, including the conditions upon which the products may be released; (4) the location of the reserve; and (5) the estimate of the total inventory of the reserve. 308. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to draw down and sell petroleum products from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve (1) to any entity that is under the ownership, control, or influence of the Chinese Communist Party; or (2) except on condition that such petroleum products will not be exported to the People’s Republic of China. 309. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Energy to award any grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or loan of $10,000,000 or greater to an entity of concern as defined in section 10114 of division B of Public Law 117–167 . (b) The Secretary shall implement the requirements under subsection (a) using a risk-based approach and analytical tools to aggregate, link, analyze, and maintain information reported by an entity seeking or receiving such funds made available by this Act. (c) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with the obligations of the United States under applicable international agreements. (d) The Secretary shall have the authority to require the submission to the agency, by an entity seeking or receiving such funds made available by this Act, documentation necessary to implement the requirements under subsection (a). (e) Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code (commonly known as the Paperwork Reduction Act ), shall not apply to the implementation of the requirements under this section. (f) The Secretary and other Federal agencies shall coordinate to share relevant information necessary to implement the requirements under subsection (a). 310. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to admit any non-United States citizen from Russia or China to any nuclear weapons production facility, as such term is defined in section 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2501 ), other than areas accessible to the general public, unless 30 days prior to facility admittance, the Department of Energy provides notification to the Committees on Appropriations and Armed Services of both Houses of Congress. 311. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2025 for the Department of Energy may be obligated or expended to procure or purchase computers, printers, or interoperable videoconferencing services needed for an office environment in which the manufacturer, bidder, or offeror, or any subsidiary or parent entity of the manufacturer, bidder, or offeror, of the equipment is an entity, or parent company of an entity in which the People’s Republic of China has any ownership stake. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) also applies in cases in which the Secretary has contracted with a third party for the procurement, purchase, or expenditure of funds on any of the equipment and software described in such subsection. 312. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to further develop, finalize, administer, implement, or enforce the proposed regulation by the Department of Energy titled “Clean Energy for New Federal Buildings and Major Renovations of Federal Buildings” 87 Fed. Reg. 78382 (December 21, 2022). 313. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide a categorical exclusion from the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 ( 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq. ) for energy storage systems, as described in the Department of Energy's final rule, part 1021 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations. 314. None of the funds made available by this Act may be expended to support the Department of Energy Justice40 initiative as defined by or required by Executive Order 14008 of January 27, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7619; relating to tackling the climate crisis at home and abroad). 315. Section 3 of the Natural Gas Act ( 15 U.S.C. 717b ) is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) through (c); (2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively; (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (c), and moving such subsection after subsection (b), as so redesignated; (4) in subsection (a), as so redesignated, by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: “(1) The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Commission’) shall have the exclusive authority to approve or deny an application for authorization for the siting, construction, expansion, or operation of a facility to export natural gas from the United States to a foreign country or import natural gas from a foreign country, including an LNG terminal. In determining whether to approve or deny an application under this paragraph, the Commission shall deem the exportation or importation of natural gas to be consistent with the public interest. Except as specifically provided in this Act, nothing in this Act is intended to affect otherwise applicable law related to any Federal agency’s authorities or responsibilities related to facilities to import or export natural gas, including LNG terminals.”; and (5) by adding at the end the following new subsection: (d)(1) Nothing in this Act limits the authority of the President under the Constitution, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act ( 50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq. ), the National Emergencies Act ( 50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq. ), part B of title II of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act ( 42 U.S.C. 6271 et seq. ), the Trading With the Enemy Act ( 50 U.S.C. 4301 et seq. ), or any other provision of law that imposes sanctions on a foreign person or foreign government (including any provision of law that prohibits or restricts United States persons from engaging in a transaction with a sanctioned person or government), including a country that is designated as a state sponsor of terrorism, to prohibit imports or exports. (2) In this subsection, the term ‘state sponsor of terrorism’ means a country the government of which the Secretary of State determines has repeatedly provided support for international terrorism pursuant to— (A) section 1754(c)(1)(A) of the Export Control Reform Act of 2018 ( 50 U.S.C. 4318(c)(1)(A) ); (B) section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2371 ); (C) section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2780 ); or (D) any other provision of law. . 316. From the unobligated balances of amounts made available under the heading Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Electricity in title IV of division N of Public Law 117–328 to carry out activities to improve the resilience of the Puerto Rican electric grid, thirty-five hundredths of one percent of the amounts made available under such heading shall be transferred not later than January 1, 2025, to the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Energy to carry out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purpose, to remain available until expended: Provided , That any amounts so transferred that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or a concurrent resolution on the budget are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and shall be available only if the President designates such amount as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i). 317. (a) Of the unobligated balances from amounts previously made available to the Department of Energy, the following funds shall be transferred from the following programs in the specified amounts to “Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Nuclear Energy”, and, in addition to amounts otherwise made available, shall be available for the not more than two competitive awards for Generation 3+ small modular reactor deployment projects described in section 311(a)(1)(A) of division D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2024 ( Public Law 118–42 ) and the two awards for demonstration projects made prior to the date of enactment of this Act under the Advanced Reactor Demonstration Program, as authorized under section 959A of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ( 42 U.S.C. 16279a )— (1) $980,000,000, to remain available until expended, from the unobligated balances under the heading “Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Nuclear Energy” in division J of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( Public Law 117–58 ), of which $120,000,000 shall be available in fiscal year 2025 and $860,000,000 shall be available in fiscal year 2026; (2) $1,500,000,000, to remain available until expended, from the unobligated balances under the heading “Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Carbon Dioxide Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Program Account” in division J of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( Public Law 117–58 ); (3) $1,500,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, from the unobligated balances under section 50141 of Public Law 117–169 ; and (4) $5,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, from the unobligated balances under section 50144 of Public Law 117–169 : Provided, That amounts transferred pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) shall continue to be treated as amounts specified in section 103(b) of division A of Public Law 118–5 . (b) Public Law 117–169 is amended— (1) in section 50141(a) by amending the dollar amount to read as “$25,000,000,000”; and (2) in section 50144(b) by amending the dollar amount to read as “$5,000,000,000”. IV INDEPENDENT AGENCIES Appalachian Regional Commission For expenses necessary to carry out the programs authorized by the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965, as amended, and for expenses necessary for the Federal Co-Chairman and the Alternate on the Appalachian Regional Commission, for payment of the Federal share of the administrative expenses of the Commission, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 , and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $200,000,000, to remain available until expended. Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board in carrying out activities authorized by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by Public Law 100–456 , section 1441, $45,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. Delta Regional Authority SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the Delta Regional Authority and to carry out its activities, as authorized by the Delta Regional Authority Act of 2000, notwithstanding sections 382F(d), 382M, and 382N of said Act, $32,100,000, to remain available until expended. Denali Commission For expenses necessary for the Denali Commission including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment as necessary and other expenses, $17,000,000, to remain available until expended, notwithstanding the limitations contained in section 306(g) of the Denali Commission Act of 1998: Provided, That funds shall be available for construction projects for which the Denali Commission is the sole or primary funding source in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of total project cost for distressed communities, as defined by section 307 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (division C, title III, Public Law 105–277 ), as amended by section 701 of appendix D, title VII, Public Law 106–113 (113 Stat. 1501A–280), and for Indian Tribes, as defined by section 5304(e) of title 25, United States Code, and in an amount not to exceed 50 percent for non-distressed communities: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law regarding payment of a non-Federal share in connection with a grant-in-aid program, amounts under this heading shall be available for the payment of such a non-Federal share for any project for which the Denali Commission is not the sole or primary funding source, provided that such project is consistent with the purposes of the Commission. Northern Border Regional Commission For expenses necessary for the Northern Border Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $41,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts shall be available for administrative expenses, notwithstanding section 15751(b) of title 40, United States Code. Southeast Crescent Regional Commission For expenses necessary for the Southeast Crescent Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended. Southwest Border Regional Commission For expenses necessary for the Southwest Border Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended. Great Lakes Authority For expenses necessary for the Great Lakes Authority in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended. Nuclear Regulatory Commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the Commission in carrying out the purposes of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 and the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, $955,368,200, including official representation expenses not to exceed $30,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount appropriated herein, not more than $11,435,000 may be made available for salaries, travel, and other support costs for the Office of the Commission, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $807,672,200 in fiscal year 2025 shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2025 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation estimated at not more than $147,696,000. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $19,578,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $16,274,000 in fiscal year 2025 shall be retained and be available until September 30, 2026, for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2025 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation estimated at not more than $3,304,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $1,505,000 shall be for Inspector General services for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board. Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board, as authorized by Public Law 100–203 , section 5051, $4,100,000, to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund, to remain available until September 30, 2026. GENERAL PROVISIONS—INDEPENDENT AGENCIES 401. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall comply with the July 5, 2011, version of Chapter VI of its Internal Commission Procedures when responding to Congressional requests for information, consistent with Department of Justice guidance for all Federal agencies. 402. (a) The amounts made available by this title for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program funding level to increase or decrease by more than $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. (b) (1) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission may waive the notification requirement in subsection (a) if compliance with such requirement would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver and shall provide a detailed report to the Committees of such waiver and changes to funding levels to programs, projects, or activities. (c) Except as provided in subsections (a), (b), and (d), the amounts made available by this title for Nuclear Regulatory Commission—Salaries and Expenses shall be expended as directed in the report accompanying this Act. (d) None of the funds provided for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act. (e) The Commission shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, which includes the following for each program, project, or activity, including any prior year appropriations— (1) total budget authority; (2) total unobligated balances; and (3) total unliquidated obligations. V GENERAL PROVISIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 501. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress, other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913 . 502. (a) None of the funds made available in title III of this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the report accompanying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. (b) None of the funds made available for any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may be transferred to accounts funded in title III of this Act, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the report accompanying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. (c) The head of any relevant department or agency funded in this Act utilizing any transfer authority shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a semiannual report detailing the transfer authorities, except for any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality, used in the previous 6 months and in the year-to-date. This report shall include the amounts transferred and the purposes for which they were transferred, and shall not replace or modify existing notification requirements for each authority. 503. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 504. (a) No federal monies shall be expended in furtherance of any agreement among private entities for consolidated interim storage of spent nuclear fuel that is not specifically authorized under federal law until such time that host state and local governments and any affected Indian tribes have formalized their consent. (b) Provided that the prohibition provided for in this section shall not apply to facilities presently storing commercial spent nuclear fuel, pursuant to a license issued by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, as of the date of enactment of this Act. (c) For purposes of this section, “spent nuclear fuel” shall have the same meaning as provided in section 2 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 ( 42 U.S.C. 10101 ). 505. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any program, project, or activity that promotes or advances Critical Race Theory or any concept associated with Critical Race Theory. 506. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out the Equity Action Plan of the Department of Energy, or Executive Order 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009, relating to advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government), Executive Order 14035 of June 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34593, relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility in the Federal workforce), or Executive Order 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825, relating to further advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government). 507. (a) In general Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) Discriminatory action defined As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) Accreditation; Licensure; Certification The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). 508. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce any COVID–19 mask or vaccine mandates. 509. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to obligate or award funds, including subgrants and other subawards, to the Wuhan Institute of Virology, including affiliated researchers. 510. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to fly or display a flag over or within a facility of the federal government other than the flag of the United States, flag bearing an official U.S. Government seal or insignia, or POW/MIA flag. 511. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to finalize any rule or regulation that meets the definition of section 804(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code. 512. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to develop or implement guidance related to the valuation of ecosystem and environmental services and natural assets in Federal regulatory decision-making, as directed by Executive Order 14072 of April 22, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 24851, relating to strengthening the Nation’s forests, communities, and local economies). 513. The funds made available in this act or any other appropriations act for the purposes of implementing the United States Government Commitments in support of the Columbia Basin Restoration Initiative set forth in the Memorandum of Understanding of December 14, 2023, between the United States, the States of Oregon and Washington, the Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation, the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation, the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs Reservation of Oregon, the Nez Perce Tribe, and environmental non-profit organizations, that require reimbursement by the Bonneville Power Administration and do not arise from Bonneville’s current reimbursement obligations, shall be limited to the $300,000,000 Bonneville committed to in such Commitments of December 14, 2023, should Bonneville be required to implement the U.S. Government Commitments in support of the Columbia Basin Restoration Initiative set forth in the Memorandum of Understanding of December 14, 2023, between the United States; the States of Oregon and Washington; the Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation; the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation; the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs Reservation; the Nez Perce Tribe; and environmental non-profit organizations. 514. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce any of the following rules: (1) The final rule entitled “Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Distribution Transformers” published by the Department of Energy in the Federal Register on April 22, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 29834), or any substantially similar rule. (2) The final rule entitled “Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Manufactured Housing” published by the Department of Energy in the Federal Register on May 31, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 32728), or any substantially similar rule. (3) The final rule entitled “Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Room Air Conditioners” published by the Department of Energy in the Federal Register on May 26, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 34298), or any substantially similar rule. (4) The final rule entitled “Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Consumer Conventional Cooking Products” published by the Department of Energy in the Federal Register on February 14, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 11434), or any substantially similar rule, including any rule that would directly or indirectly limit consumer access to consumer conventional cooking products, including gas kitchen ranges or ovens. 515. Spending Reduction Account $0. This Act may be cited as the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 . July 11, 2024 Committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed

115 HR 8998 PCS: Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2024-09-12 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II Calendar No. 509 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 8998 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES August 1, 2024 Received September 12, 2024 Read twice and placed on the calendar AN ACT Making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes, namely: I DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR Bureau of land management MANAGEMENT OF LANDS AND RESOURCES For necessary expenses for protection, use, improvement, development, disposal, cadastral surveying, classification, acquisition of easements and other interests in lands, and performance of other functions, including maintenance of facilities, as authorized by law, in the management of lands and their resources under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, including the general administration of the Bureau, and assessment of mineral potential of public lands pursuant to section 1010(a) of Public Law 96–487 ( 16 U.S.C. 3150(a) ), $1,185,063,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026; of which $53,900,000 for annual maintenance and deferred maintenance programs and $143,000,000 (reduced by $11,000,000) (increased by $11,000,000) for the wild horse and burro program, as authorized by Public Law 92–195 ( 16 U.S.C. 1331 et seq. ), shall remain available until expended: Provided, That amounts in the fee account of the BLM Permit Processing Improvement Fund may be used for any bureau-related expenses associated with the processing of oil and gas applications for permits to drill and related use of authorizations: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $1,000,000 may be made available for the purposes described in section 122(e)(1)(A) of division G of Public Law 115–31 ( 43 U.S.C. 1748c(e)(1)(A) ): Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses. In addition, $42,696,000 is for Mining Law Administration program operations, including the cost of administering the mining claim fee program, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Bureau and credited to this appropriation from mining claim maintenance fees and location fees that are hereby authorized for fiscal year 2025, so as to result in a final appropriation estimated at not more than $1,185,063,000, and $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, from communication site rental fees established by the Bureau for the cost of administering communication site activities. OREGON AND CALIFORNIA GRANT LANDS For expenses necessary for management, protection, and development of resources and for construction, operation, and maintenance of access roads, reforestation, and other improvements on the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands, on other Federal lands in the Oregon and California land-grant counties of Oregon, and on adjacent rights-of-way; and acquisition of lands or interests therein, including existing connecting roads on or adjacent to such grant lands; $107,799,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That 25 percent of the aggregate of all receipts during the current fiscal year from the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands is hereby made a charge against the Oregon and California land-grant fund and shall be transferred to the General Fund in the Treasury in accordance with the second paragraph of subsection (b) of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 ( 43 U.S.C. 2605 ). RANGE IMPROVEMENTS For rehabilitation, protection, and acquisition of lands and interests therein, and improvement of Federal rangelands pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 ( 43 U.S.C. 1751 ), notwithstanding any other Act, sums equal to 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year under sections 3 and 15 of the Taylor Grazing Act ( 43 U.S.C. 315b , 315m) and the amount designated for range improvements from grazing fees and mineral leasing receipts from Bankhead-Jones lands transferred to the Department of the Interior pursuant to law, but not less than $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $600,000 shall be available for administrative expenses. SERVICE CHARGES, DEPOSITS, AND FORFEITURES For administrative expenses and other costs related to processing application documents and other authorizations for use and disposal of public lands and resources, for costs of providing copies of official public land documents, for monitoring construction, operation, and termination of facilities in conjunction with use authorizations, and for rehabilitation of damaged property, such amounts as may be collected under Public Law 94–579 ( 43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq. ), and under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 185 ), to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any provision to the contrary of section 305(a) of Public Law 94–579 ( 43 U.S.C. 1735(a) ), any moneys that have been or will be received pursuant to that section, whether as a result of forfeiture, compromise, or settlement, if not appropriate for refund pursuant to section 305(c) of that Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1735(c) ), shall be available and may be expended under the authority of this Act by the Secretary of the Interior to improve, protect, or rehabilitate any public lands administered through the Bureau of Land Management which have been damaged by the action of a resource developer, purchaser, permittee, or any unauthorized person, without regard to whether all moneys collected from each such action are used on the exact lands damaged which led to the action: Provided further, That any such moneys that are in excess of amounts needed to repair damage to the exact land for which funds were collected may be used to repair other damaged public lands. MISCELLANEOUS TRUST FUNDS In addition to amounts authorized to be expended under existing laws, there is hereby appropriated such amounts as may be contributed under section 307 of Public Law 94–579 ( 43 U.S.C. 1737 ), and such amounts as may be advanced for administrative costs, surveys, appraisals, and costs of making conveyances of omitted lands under section 211(b) of that Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1721(b) ), to remain available until expended. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS The Bureau of Land Management may carry out the operations funded under this Act by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements, and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities, including with States. Appropriations for the Bureau shall be available for purchase, erection, and dismantlement of temporary structures, and alteration and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities to which the United States has title; up to $100,000 for payments, at the discretion of the Secretary, for information or evidence concerning violations of laws administered by the Bureau; miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities authorized or approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $10,000: Provided, That notwithstanding Public Law 90–620 ( 44 U.S.C. 501 ), the Bureau may, under cooperative cost-sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share the cost of printing either in cash or in services, and the Bureau determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further, That projects to be funded pursuant to a written commitment by a State government to provide an identified amount of money in support of the project may be carried out by the Bureau on a reimbursable basis. United States fish and wildlife service RESOURCE MANAGEMENT For necessary expenses of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, as authorized by law, and for scientific and economic studies, general administration, and for the performance of other authorized functions related to such resources, $1,385,096,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $5,268,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That not to exceed $17,597,000 shall be used for implementing subsections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 ( 16 U.S.C. 1533 ) (except for processing petitions, developing and issuing proposed and final regulations, and taking any other steps to implement actions described in subsection (c)(2)(A), (c)(2)(B)(i), or (c)(2)(B)(ii) of such section). CONSTRUCTION For construction, improvement, acquisition, or removal of buildings and other facilities required in the conservation, management, investigation, protection, and utilization of fish and wildlife resources, and the acquisition of lands and interests therein; $8,114,000, to remain available until expended. COOPERATIVE ENDANGERED SPECIES CONSERVATION FUND For expenses necessary to carry out section 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 ( 16 U.S.C. 1535 ), $23,000,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), to remain available until expended, to be derived from the Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund. NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE FUND For expenses necessary to implement the Act of October 17, 1978 ( 16 U.S.C. 715s ), $13,228,000. NORTH AMERICAN WETLANDS CONSERVATION FUND For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act ( 16 U.S.C. 4401 et seq. ), $49,000,000, to remain available until expended. NEOTROPICAL MIGRATORY BIRD CONSERVATION For expenses necessary to carry out the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act ( 16 U.S.C. 6101 et seq. ), $5,000,000, to remain available until expended. MULTINATIONAL SPECIES CONSERVATION FUND For expenses necessary to carry out the African Elephant Conservation Act ( 16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq. ), the Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 ( 16 U.S.C. 4261 et seq. ), the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 ( 16 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ), the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 ( 16 U.S.C. 6301 et seq. ), and the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 ( 16 U.S.C. 6601 et seq. ), $21,000,000, to remain available until expended. STATE AND TRIBAL WILDLIFE GRANTS For wildlife conservation grants to States and to the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Indian Tribes under the provisions of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 and the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, for the development and implementation of programs for the benefit of wildlife and their habitat, including species that are not hunted or fished, $73,812,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000), to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount provided herein, $6,200,000 is for a competitive grant program for Indian Tribes not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided further, That $7,612,000 is for a competitive grant program to implement approved plans for States, territories, and other jurisdictions and at the discretion of affected States, the regional Associations of fish and wildlife agencies, not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, after deducting $13,812,000 and administrative expenses, apportion the amount provided herein in the following manner: (1) to the District of Columbia and to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, each a sum equal to not more than one-half of 1 percent thereof; and (2) to Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, each a sum equal to not more than one-fourth of 1 percent thereof: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior shall apportion the remaining amount in the following manner: (1) one-third of which is based on the ratio to which the land area of such State bears to the total land area of all such States; and (2) two-thirds of which is based on the ratio to which the population of such State bears to the total population of all such States: Provided further, That the amounts apportioned under this paragraph shall be adjusted equitably so that no State shall be apportioned a sum which is less than 1 percent of the amount available for apportionment under this paragraph for any fiscal year or more than 5 percent of such amount: Provided further, That the Federal share of planning grants shall not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of such projects and the Federal share of implementation grants shall not exceed 65 percent of the total costs of such projects: Provided further, That the non-Federal share of such projects may not be derived from Federal grant programs: Provided further, That any amount apportioned in 2025 to any State, territory, or other jurisdiction that remains unobligated as of September 30, 2026, shall be reapportioned, together with funds appropriated in 2027, in the manner provided herein. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS The United States Fish and Wildlife Service may carry out the operations of Service programs by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities. Appropriations and funds available to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall be available for repair of damage to public roads within and adjacent to reservation areas caused by operations of the Service; options for the purchase of land at not to exceed one dollar for each option; facilities incident to such public recreational uses on conservation areas as are consistent with their primary purpose; and the maintenance and improvement of aquaria, buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Service and to which the United States has title, and which are used pursuant to law in connection with management, and investigation of fish and wildlife resources: Provided, That notwithstanding 44 U.S.C. 501 , the Service may, under cooperative cost sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share at least one-half the cost of printing either in cash or services and the Service determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further, That the Service may accept donated aircraft as replacements for existing aircraft: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , all fees collected for non-toxic shot review and approval shall be deposited under the heading United States Fish and Wildlife Service—Resource Management and shall be available to the Secretary, without further appropriation, to be used for expenses of processing of such non-toxic shot type or coating applications and revising regulations as necessary, and shall remain available until expended. National park service OPERATION OF THE NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM For expenses necessary for the management, operation, and maintenance of areas and facilities administered by the National Park Service and for the general administration of the National Park Service, $2,709,203,000 (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $500,000) (increased by $500,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000), of which $11,661,000 for planning and interagency coordination in support of Everglades restoration and $15,000,000 for uses authorized by section 101122 of title 54, United States Code shall remain available until September 30, 2026, and not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representative expenses: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading in this Act are available for the purposes of section 5 of Public Law 95–348 : Provided further, That notwithstanding section 9 of the 400 Years of African-American History Commission Act (36 U.S.C. note prec. 101; Public Law 115–102 ), $3,300,000 of the funds provided under this heading shall be made available for the purposes specified by that Act: Provided further, That sections 7(b) and 8(a) of that Act is amended by striking July 1, 2025 and inserting July 1, 2026 . In addition, for purposes described in section 2404 of Public Law 116–9 , an amount equal to the amount deposited in this fiscal year into the National Park Medical Services Fund established pursuant to such section of such Act, to remain available until expended, shall be derived from such Fund. NATIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION For expenses necessary to carry out recreation programs, natural programs, cultural programs, heritage partnership programs, environmental compliance and review, international park affairs, and grant administration, not otherwise provided for, $89,593,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026. HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND For expenses necessary in carrying out the National Historic Preservation Act (division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code), $168,900,000, to be derived from the Historic Preservation Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which $25,500,000 shall be for Save America's Treasures grants for preservation of nationally significant sites, structures and artifacts as authorized by section 7303 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 ( 54 U.S.C. 3089 ): Provided, That an individual Save America's Treasures grant shall be matched by non-Federal funds: Provided further, That individual projects shall only be eligible for one grant: Provided further, That all projects to be funded shall be approved by the Secretary of the Interior in consultation with the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds provided for the Historic Preservation Fund, $30,250,000 is for the Competitive Grants Subactivity; $11,000,000 is for grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities; $10,000,000 (reduced by $15,000,000) (increased by $15,000,000) is for competitive grants for the restoration of historic properties of national, State, and local significance listed on or eligible for inclusion on the National Register of Historic Places, to be made without imposing the usage or direct grant restrictions of section 101(e)(3) ( 54 U.S.C. 302904 ) of the National Historic Preservation Act; $7,000,000 is for a competitive grant program to honor the semiquincentennial anniversary of the United States by restoring and preserving sites and structures listed on the National Register of Historic Places that commemorate the founding of the nation: Provided further, That such competitive grants shall be made without imposing the matching requirements in section 302902(b)(3) of title 54, United States Code to States and Indian Tribes as defined in chapter 3003 of such title, Native Hawaiian organizations, local governments, including Certified Local Governments, and nonprofit organizations. CONSTRUCTION For construction, improvements, repair, or replacement of physical facilities, and related equipment, and compliance and planning for programs and areas administered by the National Park Service, $135,616,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, for any project initially funded in fiscal year 2025 with a future phase indicated in the National Park Service 5–Year Line Item Construction Plan, a single procurement may be issued which includes the full scope of the project: Provided further, That the solicitation and contract shall contain the clause availability of funds found at 48 CFR 52.232–18: Provided further, That National Park Service Donations, Park Concessions Franchise Fees, and Recreation Fees may be made available for the cost of adjustments and changes within the original scope of effort for projects funded by the National Park Service Construction appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations, in accordance with current reprogramming thresholds, prior to making any charges authorized under this heading. CENTENNIAL CHALLENGE For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of section 101701 of title 54, United States Code, relating to challenge cost share agreements, $12,000,000, to remain available until expended, for Centennial Challenge projects and programs: Provided, That not less than 50 percent of the total cost of each project or program shall be derived from non-Federal sources in the form of donated cash, assets, or a pledge of donation guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) In addition to other uses set forth in section 101917(c)(2) of title 54, United States Code, franchise fees credited to a sub-account shall be available for expenditure by the Secretary, without further appropriation, for use at any unit within the National Park System to extinguish or reduce liability for Possessory Interest or leasehold surrender interest. Such funds may only be used for this purpose to the extent that the benefitting unit anticipated franchise fee receipts over the term of the contract at that unit exceed the amount of funds used to extinguish or reduce liability. Franchise fees at the benefitting unit shall be credited to the sub-account of the originating unit over a period not to exceed the term of a single contract at the benefitting unit, in the amount of funds so expended to extinguish or reduce liability. For the costs of administration of the Land and Water Conservation Fund grants authorized by section 105(a)(2)(B) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 ( Public Law 109–432 ), the National Park Service may retain up to 3 percent of the amounts which are authorized to be disbursed under such section, such retained amounts to remain available until expended. National Park Service funds may be transferred to the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Department of Transportation, for purposes authorized under 23 U.S.C. 203 . Transfers may include a reasonable amount for FHWA administrative support costs. United States geological survey SURVEYS, INVESTIGATIONS, AND RESEARCH For expenses necessary for the United States Geological Survey to perform surveys, investigations, and research covering topography, geology, hydrology, biology, and the mineral and water resources of the United States, its territories and possessions, and other areas as authorized by 43 U.S.C. 31 , 1332, and 1340; classify lands as to their mineral and water resources; give engineering supervision to power permittees and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission licensees; administer the minerals exploration program ( 30 U.S.C. 641 ); conduct inquiries into the economic conditions affecting mining and materials processing industries ( 30 U.S.C. 3 , 21a, and 1603; 50 U.S.C. 98g(a)(1) ) and related purposes as authorized by law; and to publish and disseminate data relative to the foregoing activities; $1,374,385,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $81,049,000) (reduced by $81,049,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026; of which $107,334,000 shall remain available until expended for satellite operations; and of which $54,130,000 shall be available until expended for deferred maintenance and capital improvement projects that exceed $100,000 in cost: Provided, That none of the funds provided for the ecosystem research activity shall be used to conduct new surveys on private property, unless specifically authorized in writing by the property owner: Provided further, That no part of this appropriation shall be used to pay more than one-half the cost of topographic mapping or water resources data collection and investigations carried on in cooperation with States and municipalities: Provided further , That of the amount appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS From within the amount appropriated for activities of the United States Geological Survey such sums as are necessary shall be available for contracting for the furnishing of topographic maps and for the making of geophysical or other specialized surveys when it is administratively determined that such procedures are in the public interest; construction and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities; acquisition of lands for gauging stations, observation wells, and seismic equipment; expenses of the United States National Committee for Geological Sciences; and payment of compensation and expenses of persons employed by the Survey duly appointed to represent the United States in the negotiation and administration of interstate compacts: Provided, That activities funded by appropriations herein made may be accomplished through the use of contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements (including noncompetitive cooperative agreements with Tribes) as defined in section 6302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the United States Geological Survey may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements directly with individuals or indirectly with institutions or nonprofit organizations, without regard to 41 U.S.C. 6101 , for the temporary or intermittent services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered employees for the purpose of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to compensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relating to tort claims, but shall not be considered to be Federal employees for any other purposes. Bureau of ocean energy management OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT For expenses necessary for granting and administering leases, easements, rights-of-way, and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine-related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf and approving operations related thereto, as authorized by law; for environmental studies, as authorized by law; for implementing other laws and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $199,057,000, of which $144,057,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2026, and of which $55,000,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary of the Interior and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation estimated at not more than $144,057,000: Provided further, That not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for reasonable expenses related to promoting volunteer beach and marine cleanup activities: Provided further , That not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. Bureau of safety and environmental enforcement OFFSHORE SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENFORCEMENT For expenses necessary for the regulation of operations related to leases, easements, rights-of-way, and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine-related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf, as authorized by law; for enforcing and implementing laws and regulations as authorized by law and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $168,330,000, of which $138,450,000, including not to exceed $3,000 for official reception and representation expenses, is to remain available until September 30, 2026, and of which $29,880,000 is to remain available until expended, including $2,880,000 for offshore decommissioning activities: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary of the Interior and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation estimated at not more than $141,330,000. For an additional amount, $37,000,000, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation, which shall be derived from non-refundable inspection fees collected in fiscal year 2025, as provided in this Act: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2025, not less than 50 percent of the inspection fees expended by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement will be used to fund personnel and mission-related costs to expand capacity and expedite the orderly development, subject to environmental safeguards, of the Outer Continental Shelf pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq. ), including the review of applications for permits to drill. OIL SPILL RESEARCH For necessary expenses to carry out title I, section 1016; title IV, sections 4202 and 4303; title VII; and title VIII, section 8201 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $15,099,000, which shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to remain available until expended. Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement REGULATION AND TECHNOLOGY For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87 , $119,786,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which $66,000,000 shall be available for State and Tribal regulatory grants, and of which not to exceed $5,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That appropriations for the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement may provide for the travel and per diem expenses of State and Tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, for costs to review, administer, and enforce permits issued by the Office pursuant to section 507 of Public Law 95–87 ( 30 U.S.C. 1257 ), $40,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That fees assessed and collected by the Office pursuant to such section 507 shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a fiscal year 2025 appropriation estimated at not more than $119,786,000. ABANDONED MINE RECLAMATION FUND For necessary expenses to carry out title IV of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87 , $33,231,000, to be derived from receipts of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided, That pursuant to Public Law 97–365 , the Department of the Interior is authorized to use up to 20 percent from the recovery of the delinquent debt owed to the United States Government to pay for contracts to collect these debts: Provided further, That funds made available under title IV of Public Law 95–87 may be used for any required non-Federal share of the cost of projects funded by the Federal Government for the purpose of environmental restoration related to treatment or abatement of acid mine drainage from abandoned mines: Provided further, That such projects must be consistent with the purposes and priorities of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act: Provided further, That amounts provided under this heading may be used for the travel and per diem expenses of State and Tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training: Provided further , That of the amounts provided under this heading, not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. In addition, $135,000,000, to remain available until expended, for payments to States and federally recognized Indian Tribes for reclamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and conditions described in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such additional amount shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the priorities described in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 ( 30 U.S.C. 1233(a) ): Provided further, That of such additional amount, $88,850,000 shall be distributed in equal amounts to the three Appalachian States with the greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet the priorities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such section, $34,400,000 shall be distributed in equal amounts to the three Appalachian States with the subsequent greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet such priorities, and $11,750,000 shall be for grants to federally recognized Indian Tribes, without regard to their status as certified or uncertified under the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 ( 30 U.S.C. 1233(a) ), for reclamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and conditions described in the report accompanying this Act and shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the priorities in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977: Provided further, That such payments shall be made to States and federally recognized Indian Tribes not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act: Provided further , That if payments have not been made by the date specified in the preceding proviso, the amount appropriated for salaries and expenses under the heading Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement shall be reduced by $100,000 per day until such payments have been made. Indian affairs Bureau of indian affairs OPERATION OF INDIAN PROGRAMS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For expenses necessary for the operation of Indian programs, as authorized by law, including the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 ( 25 U.S.C. 13 ) and the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 ( 25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ), $2,189,150,000 (reduced by $500,000) (increased by $500,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $79,494,000 shall be for welfare assistance payments: Provided, That in cases of designated Federal disasters, the Secretary of the Interior may exceed such cap for welfare payments from the amounts provided herein, to provide for disaster relief to Indian communities affected by the disaster: Provided further, That federally recognized Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations of federally recognized Indian Tribes may use their Tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further, That not to exceed $75,987,000 shall remain available until expended for housing improvement, road maintenance, land acquisition, attorney fees, litigation support, land records improvement, hearings and appeals, and the Navajo-Hopi Settlement Program: Provided further, That any forestry funds allocated to a federally recognized Tribe which remain unobligated as of September 30, 2026, may be transferred during fiscal year 2027 to an Indian forest land assistance account established for the benefit of the holder of the funds within the holder’s trust fund account: Provided further, That any such unobligated balances not so transferred shall expire on September 30, 2027: Provided further, That in order to enhance the safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to purchase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel: Provided further, That not to exceed $7,664,000 of funds made available under this heading may, as needed, be transferred to Office of the Secretary—Departmental Operations for trust, probate, and administrative functions: Provided further , That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may accept transfers of funds from United States Customs and Border Protection to supplement any other funding available for reconstruction or repair of roads owned by the Bureau of Indian Affairs as identified on the National Tribal Transportation Facility Inventory, 23 U.S.C. 202(b)(1) . CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS For payments to Tribes and Tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Bureau of Indian Education for fiscal year 2025, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2026: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. PAYMENTS FOR TRIBAL LEASES For payments to Tribes and Tribal organizations for leases pursuant to section 105(l) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5324(l) ) for fiscal year 2025, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2026: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. CONSTRUCTION (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For construction, repair, improvement, and maintenance of irrigation and power systems, buildings, utilities, and other facilities, including architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; and preparation of lands for farming, and for construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project pursuant to Public Law 87–483 ; $146,296,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts as may be available for the construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project may be transferred to the Bureau of Reclamation: Provided further, That any funds provided for the Safety of Dams program pursuant to the Act of November 2, 1921 ( 25 U.S.C. 13 ), shall be made available on a nonreimbursable basis: Provided further, That this appropriation may be reimbursed from the Bureau of Trust Funds Administration appropriation for the appropriate share of construction costs for space expansion needed in agency offices to meet trust reform implementation: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be derived from the Indian Irrigation Fund established by section 3211 of the WIIN Act ( Public Law 114–322 ; 130 Stat. 1749): Provided further, That amounts provided under this heading are made available for the modernization of Federal field communication capabilities, in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purpose. INDIAN LAND AND WATER CLAIM SETTLEMENTS AND MISCELLANEOUS PAYMENTS TO INDIANS For payments and necessary administrative expenses for implementation of Indian land and water claim settlements pursuant to Public Laws 99–264, 101–618, and 117–349, and for implementation of other land and water rights settlements, $32,263,000, to remain available until expended. INDIAN GUARANTEED LOAN PROGRAM ACCOUNT For the cost of guaranteed loans and insured loans, $20,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which $2,125,000 is for administrative expenses, as authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed or insured, not to exceed $399,114,126. Bureau of indian education OPERATION OF INDIAN EDUCATION PROGRAMS For expenses necessary for the operation of Indian education programs, as authorized by law, including the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 ( 25 U.S.C. 13 ), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 ( 25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ), the Education Amendments of 1978 ( 25 U.S.C. 2001–2019 ), and the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 ( 25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq. ), $1,198,216,000 (reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) to remain available until September 30, 2026, except as otherwise provided herein: Provided, That federally recognized Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations of federally recognized Indian Tribes may use their Tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further, That not to exceed $871,983,000 for school operations costs of Bureau-funded schools and other education programs shall become available on June 1, 2025, and shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, including but not limited to the Indian Self–Determination Act of 1975 ( 25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ) and section 1128 of the Education Amendments of 1978 ( 25 U.S.C. 2008 ), not to exceed $96,886,000 within and only from such amounts made available for school operations shall be available for administrative cost grants associated with grants approved prior to June 1, 2025: Provided further, That in order to enhance the safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to purchase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel. EDUCATION CONSTRUCTION For construction, repair, improvement, and maintenance of buildings, utilities, and other facilities necessary for the operation of Indian education programs, including architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; $270,867,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That in order to ensure timely completion of construction projects, the Secretary of the Interior may assume control of a project and all funds related to the project, if, not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, any Public Law 100–297 ( 25 U.S.C. 2501 , et seq.) grantee receiving funds appropriated in this Act or in any prior Act, has not completed the planning and design phase of the project and commenced construction. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS The Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Bureau of Indian Education may carry out the operation of Indian programs by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, either directly or in cooperation with States and other organizations. Notwithstanding Public Law 87–279 ( 25 U.S.C. 15 ), the Bureau of Indian Affairs may contract for services in support of the management, operation, and maintenance of the Power Division of the San Carlos Irrigation Project. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Bureau of Indian Education for central office oversight and Executive Direction and Administrative Services (except Executive Direction and Administrative Services funding for Tribal Priority Allocations, regional offices, and facilities operations and maintenance) shall be available for contracts, grants, compacts, or cooperative agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Bureau of Indian Education under the provisions of the Indian Self-Determination Act or the Tribal Self-Governance Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–413 ). In the event any Tribe returns appropriations made available by this Act to the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Bureau of Indian Education, this action shall not diminish the Federal Government’s trust responsibility to that Tribe, or the government-to-government relationship between the United States and that Tribe, or that Tribe’s ability to access future appropriations. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education, other than the amounts provided herein for assistance to public schools under 25 U.S.C. 452 et seq. , shall be available to support the operation of any elementary or secondary school in the State of Alaska. No funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education shall be used to support expanded grades for any school or dormitory beyond the grade structure in place or approved by the Secretary of the Interior at each school in the Bureau of Indian Education school system as of October 1, 1995, except that the Secretary of the Interior may waive this prohibition to support expansion of up to one additional grade when the Secretary determines such waiver is needed to support accomplishment of the mission of the Bureau of Indian Education, or more than one grade to expand the elementary grade structure for Bureau-funded schools with a K–2 grade structure on October 1, 1996. Appropriations made available in this or any prior Act for schools funded by the Bureau shall be available, in accordance with the Bureau’s funding formula, only to the schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, and to any school or school program that was reinstated in fiscal year 2012. Funds made available under this Act may not be used to establish a charter school at a Bureau-funded school (as that term is defined in section 1141 of the Education Amendments of 1978 ( 25 U.S.C. 2021 )), except that a charter school that is in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act and that has operated at a Bureau-funded school before September 1, 1999, may continue to operate during that period, but only if the charter school pays to the Bureau a pro rata share of funds to reimburse the Bureau for the use of the real and personal property (including buses and vans), the funds of the charter school are kept separate and apart from Bureau funds, and the Bureau does not assume any obligation for charter school programs of the State in which the school is located if the charter school loses such funding. Employees of Bureau-funded schools sharing a campus with a charter school and performing functions related to the charter school’s operation and employees of a charter school shall not be treated as Federal employees for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 113 of title I of appendix C of Public Law 106–113 , if in fiscal year 2003 or 2004 a grantee received indirect and administrative costs pursuant to a distribution formula based on section 5(f) of Public Law 101–301 , the Secretary shall continue to distribute indirect and administrative cost funds to such grantee using the section 5(f) distribution formula. Funds available under this Act may not be used to establish satellite locations of schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, except that the Secretary may waive this prohibition in order for an Indian Tribe to provide language and cultural immersion educational programs for non-public schools located within the jurisdictional area of the Tribal government which exclusively serve Tribal members, do not include grades beyond those currently served at the existing Bureau-funded school, provide an educational environment with educator presence and academic facilities comparable to the Bureau-funded school, comply with all applicable Tribal, Federal, or State health and safety standards, and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and demonstrate the benefits of establishing operations at a satellite location in lieu of incurring extraordinary costs, such as for transportation or other impacts to students such as those caused by busing students extended distances: Provided, That no funds available under this Act may be used to fund operations, maintenance, rehabilitation, construction, or other facilities-related costs for such assets that are not owned by the Bureau: Provided further, That the term satellite school means a school location physically separated from the existing Bureau school by more than 50 miles but that forms part of the existing school in all other respects. Funds made available for Tribal Priority Allocations within Operation of Indian Programs and Operation of Indian Education Programs may be used to execute requested adjustments in Tribal priority allocations initiated by an Indian Tribe. Bureau of Trust Funds Administration FEDERAL TRUST PROGRAMS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the operation of trust programs for Indians by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, $105,277,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $17,997,000 from this or any other Act, may be available for settlement support: Provided, That funds for trust management improvements and litigation support may, as needed, be transferred to or merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Operation of Indian Programs and Bureau of Indian Education, Operation of Indian Education Programs accounts; the Office of the Solicitor, Salaries and Expenses account; and the Office of the Secretary, Departmental Operations account: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obligated during fiscal year 2025, as authorized by the Indian Self-Determination Act of 1975 ( 25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to provide a quarterly statement of performance for any Indian trust account that has not had activity for at least 15 months and has a balance of $15 or less: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue an annual account statement and maintain a record of any such accounts and shall permit the balance in each such account to be withdrawn upon the express written request of the account holder: Provided further, That not to exceed $100,000 is available for the Secretary to make payments to correct administrative errors of either disbursements from or deposits to Individual Indian Money or Tribal accounts after September 30, 2002: Provided further, That erroneous payments that are recovered shall be credited to and remain available in this account for this purpose: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not be required to reconcile Special Deposit Accounts with a balance of less than $500 unless the Bureau of Trust Funds Administration receives proof of ownership from a Special Deposit Accounts claimant: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 102 of the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–412 ) or any other provision of law, the Secretary may aggregate the trust accounts of individuals whose whereabouts are unknown for a continuous period of at least 5 years and shall not be required to generate periodic statements of performance for the individual accounts: Provided further, That with respect to the preceding proviso, the Secretary shall continue to maintain sufficient records to determine the balance of the individual accounts, including any accrued interest and income, and such funds shall remain available to the individual account holders. Departmental offices Office of the Secretary DEPARTMENTAL OPERATIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses for management of the Department of the Interior and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $102,292,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $7,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026; of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which up to $1,000,000 shall be available for workers compensation payments and unemployment compensation payments associated with the orderly closure of the United States Bureau of Mines; and of which $14,295,000 for Indian land, mineral, and resource valuation activities shall remain available until expended: Provided, That funds for Indian land, mineral, and resource valuation activities may, as needed, be transferred to and merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs Operation of Indian Programs and Bureau of Indian Education Operation of Indian Education Programs accounts and the Bureau of Trust Funds Administration Federal Trust Programs account: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obligated during fiscal year 2025, as authorized by the Indian Self-Determination Act of 1975 ( 25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS For fiscal year 2025, up to $550,000 of the payments authorized by chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, may be retained for administrative expenses of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program: Provided, That the amounts provided under this Act specifically for the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program are the only amounts available for payments authorized under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That in the event the sums appropriated for any fiscal year for payments pursuant to this chapter are insufficient to make the full payments authorized by that chapter to all units of local government, then the payment to each local government shall be made proportionally: Provided further, That the Secretary may make adjustments to payment to individual units of local government to correct for prior overpayments or underpayments: Provided further, That no payment shall be made pursuant to that chapter to otherwise eligible units of local government if the computed amount of the payment is less than $100. Insular affairs ASSISTANCE TO TERRITORIES For expenses necessary for assistance to territories under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior, $118,689,000, of which: (1) $107,220,000 shall remain available until expended for territorial assistance, including general technical assistance, maintenance assistance, disaster assistance, coral reef initiative and natural resources activities, and brown tree snake control and research; grants to the judiciary in American Samoa for compensation and expenses, as authorized by law ( 48 U.S.C. 1661(c) ); grants to the Government of American Samoa, in addition to current local revenues, for construction and support of governmental functions; grants to the Government of the Virgin Islands, as authorized by law; grants to the Government of Guam, as authorized by law; and grants to the Government of the Northern Mariana Islands, as authorized by law ( Public Law 94–241 ; 90 Stat. 272); and (2) $11,469,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026, for salaries and expenses of the Office of Insular Affairs: Provided, That all financial transactions of the territorial and local governments herein provided for, including such transactions of all agencies or instrumentalities established or used by such governments, may be audited by the Government Accountability Office, at its discretion, in accordance with chapter 35 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That Northern Mariana Islands Covenant grant funding shall be provided according to those terms of the Agreement of the Special Representatives on Future United States Financial Assistance for the Northern Mariana Islands approved by Public Law 104–134 : Provided further, That the funds for the program of operations and maintenance improvement are appropriated to institutionalize routine operations and maintenance improvement of capital infrastructure with territorial participation and cost sharing to be determined by the Secretary based on the grantee’s commitment to timely maintenance of its capital assets: Provided further, That any appropriation for disaster assistance under this heading in this Act or previous appropriations Acts may be used as non–Federal matching funds for the purpose of hazard mitigation grants provided pursuant to section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5170c ). COMPACT OF FREE ASSOCIATION For grants and necessary expenses, $813,000, to remain available until expended, to support Federal services and programs provided to the Republic of Palau, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Federated States of Micronesia. Administrative provisions (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) At the request of the Governor of Guam, the Secretary may transfer discretionary funds or mandatory funds provided under section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188 and Public Law 104–134 , that are allocated for Guam, to the Secretary of Agriculture for the subsidy cost of direct or guaranteed loans, plus not to exceed three percent of the amount of the subsidy transferred for the cost of loan administration, for the purposes authorized by the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act for construction and repair projects in Guam, and such funds shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such loans or loan guarantees may be made without regard to the population of the area, credit elsewhere requirements, and restrictions on the types of eligible entities under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided further, That any funds transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available to make or guarantee loans under such authorities. Office of the solicitor SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Office of the Solicitor, $93,964,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. Office of inspector general SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $68,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. Department-Wide programs WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses for fire preparedness, fire suppression operations, fire science and research, emergency rehabilitation, fuels management activities, and rural fire assistance by the Department of the Interior, $1,195,086,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $14,000,000 shall be for the renovation or construction of fire facilities: Provided, That such funds are also available for repayment of advances to other appropriation accounts from which funds were previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided $255,000,000 is for fuels management activities: Provided further, That of the funds provided $10,000,000 is for burned area rehabilitation: Provided further, That persons hired pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1469 may be furnished subsistence and lodging without cost from funds available from this appropriation: Provided further, That notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 1856d , sums received by a bureau or office of the Department of the Interior for fire protection rendered pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1856 et seq. , protection of United States property, may be credited to the appropriation from which funds were expended to provide that protection, and are available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That using the amounts designated under this title of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into procurement contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, for fuels management activities, and for training and monitoring associated with such fuels management activities on Federal land, or on adjacent non-Federal land for activities that benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any non-Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That notwithstanding requirements of the Competition in Contracting Act, the Secretary, for purposes of fuels management activities, may obtain maximum practicable competition among: (1) local private, nonprofit, or cooperative entities; (2) Youth Conservation Corps crews, Public Lands Corps ( Public Law 109–154 ), or related partnerships with State, local, or nonprofit youth groups; (3) small or micro-businesses; or (4) other entities that will hire or train locally a significant percentage, defined as 50 percent or more, of the project workforce to complete such contracts: Provided further, That in implementing this section, the Secretary shall develop written guidance to field units to ensure accountability and consistent application of the authorities provided herein: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to reimburse the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service for the costs of carrying out their responsibilities under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 ( 16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq. ) to consult and conference, as required by section 7 of such Act, in connection with wildland fire management activities: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior may use wildland fire appropriations to enter into leases of real property with local governments, at or below fair market value, to construct capitalized improvements for fire facilities on such leased properties, including but not limited to fire guard stations, retardant stations, and other initial attack and fire support facilities, and to make advance payments for any such lease or for construction activity associated with the lease: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000 between the Departments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Provided further, That funds provided for wildfire suppression shall be available for support of Federal emergency response actions: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for assistance to or through the Department of State in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall be available to support forestry, wildland fire management, and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States and international organizations: Provided further , That of the funds provided under this heading, $383,657,000 shall be available for wildfire suppression operations, and is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(F)(ii)(I) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION OPERATIONS RESERVE FUND (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) In addition to the amounts provided under the heading Department of the Interior—Department-Wide Programs—Wildland Fire Management for wildfire suppression operations, $360,000,000, to remain available until transferred, is additional new budget authority as specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(F) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided, That such amounts may be transferred to and merged with amounts made available under the headings Department of Agriculture—Forest Service—Wildland Fire Management and Department of the Interior—Department-Wide Programs—Wildland Fire Management for wildfire suppression operations in the fiscal year in which such amounts are transferred: Provided further, That amounts may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management accounts in the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior only upon the notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all wildfire suppression operations funds appropriated under that heading in this and prior appropriations Acts to the agency to which the funds will be transferred will be obligated within 30 days: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That in determining whether all wildfire suppression operations funds appropriated under the heading Wildland Fire Management in this and prior appropriations Acts to either the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior will be obligated within 30 days pursuant to the preceding proviso, any funds transferred or permitted to be transferred pursuant to any other transfer authority provided by law shall be excluded. CENTRAL HAZARDOUS MATERIALS FUND For necessary expenses of the Department of the Interior and any of its component offices and bureaus for the response action, including associated activities, performed pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ), $9,200,000, to remain available until expended. ENERGY COMMUNITY REVITALIZATION PROGRAM (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Department of the Interior to inventory, assess, decommission, reclaim, respond to hazardous substance releases, remediate lands pursuant to section 40704 of Public Law 117–58 ( 30 U.S.C. 1245 ), and carry out the purposes of section 349 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ( 42 U.S.C. 15907 ), as amended, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount shall be in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes: Provided further, That amounts appropriated under this heading are available for program management and oversight of these activities: Provided further, That the Secretary may transfer the funds provided under this heading in this Act to any other account in the Department to carry out such purposes, and may expend such funds directly, or through grants: Provided further, That these amounts are not available to fulfill Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ) obligations agreed to in settlement or imposed by a court, whether for payment of funds or for work to be performed. NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT AND RESTORATION NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT FUND To conduct natural resource damage assessment, restoration activities, and onshore oil spill preparedness by the Department of the Interior necessary to carry out the provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq. ), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 ( 33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq. ), and 54 U.S.C. 100721 et seq. , $7,715,000, to remain available until expended. WORKING CAPITAL FUND For the operation and maintenance of a departmental financial and business management system, data management, information technology improvements of general benefit to the Department, cybersecurity, and the consolidation of facilities and operations throughout the Department, $99,453,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act or any other Act may be used to establish reserves in the Working Capital Fund account other than for accrued annual leave and depreciation of equipment without prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior may assess reasonable charges to State, local, and Tribal government employees for training services provided by the National Indian Program Training Center, other than training related to Public Law 93–638 : Provided further, That the Secretary may lease or otherwise provide space and related facilities, equipment, or professional services of the National Indian Program Training Center to State, local and Tribal government employees or persons or organizations engaged in cultural, educational, or recreational activities (as defined in section 3306(a) of title 40, United States Code) at the prevailing rate for similar space, facilities, equipment, or services in the vicinity of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further, That all funds received pursuant to the two preceding provisos shall be credited to this account, shall be available until expended, and shall be used by the Secretary for necessary expenses of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further, That the Secretary may enter into grants and cooperative agreements to support the Office of Natural Resource Revenue’s collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, as authorized by law. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION There is hereby authorized for acquisition from available resources within the Working Capital Fund, aircraft which may be obtained by donation, purchase, or through available excess surplus property: Provided, That existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft. OFFICE OF NATURAL RESOURCES REVENUE For necessary expenses for management of the collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $160,446,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026; of which $59,751,000 shall remain available until expended for the purpose of mineral revenue management activities: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, $50,000 shall be available for refunds of overpayments in connection with certain Indian leases in which the Secretary of the Interior concurred with the claimed refund due, to pay amounts owed to Indian allottees or Tribes, or to correct prior unrecoverable erroneous payments. General provisions, department of the interior (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY—INTRA-BUREAU 101. Appropriations made in this title shall be available for expenditure or transfer (within each bureau or office), with the approval of the Secretary of the Interior, for the emergency reconstruction, replacement, or repair of aircraft, buildings, utilities, or other facilities or equipment damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, storm, or other unavoidable causes: Provided, That no funds shall be made available under this authority until funds specifically made available to the Department of the Interior for emergencies shall have been exhausted: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible. EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY—DEPARTMENT-WIDE 102. The Secretary of the Interior may authorize the expenditure or transfer of any no year appropriation in this title, in addition to the amounts included in the budget programs of the several agencies, for the suppression or emergency prevention of wildland fires on or threatening lands under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior; for the emergency rehabilitation of burned-over lands under its jurisdiction; for emergency actions related to potential or actual earthquakes, floods, volcanoes, storms, or other unavoidable causes; for contingency planning subsequent to actual oil spills; for response and natural resource damage assessment activities related to actual oil spills or releases of hazardous substances into the environment; for the prevention, suppression, and control of actual or potential grasshopper and Mormon cricket outbreaks on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, pursuant to the authority in section 417(b) of Public Law 106–224 ( 7 U.S.C. 7717(b) ); for emergency reclamation projects under section 410 of Public Law 95–87 ; and shall transfer, from any no year funds available to the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, such funds as may be necessary to permit assumption of regulatory authority in the event a primacy State is not carrying out the regulatory provisions of the Surface Mining Act: Provided, That appropriations made in this title for wildland fire operations shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred during the preceding fiscal year, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for destruction of vehicles, aircraft, or other equipment in connection with their use for wildland fire operations, with such reimbursement to be credited to appropriations currently available at the time of receipt thereof: Provided further, That for wildland fire operations, no funds shall be made available under this authority until the Secretary determines that funds appropriated for wildland fire suppression shall be exhausted within 30 days: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible: Provided further, That such replenishment funds shall be used to reimburse, on a pro rata basis, accounts from which emergency funds were transferred. AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS 103. Appropriations made to the Department of the Interior in this title shall be available for services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, when authorized by the Secretary of the Interior, in total amount not to exceed $500,000; purchase and replacement of motor vehicles, including specially equipped law enforcement vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of reprints; payment for telephone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary; and the payment of dues, when authorized by the Secretary, for library membership in societies or associations which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members. AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS, INDIAN TRUST MANAGEMENT 104. Appropriations made in this Act under the headings Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, and Bureau of Trust Funds Administration and any unobligated balances from prior appropriations Acts made under the same headings shall be available for expenditure or transfer for Indian trust management and reform activities. Total funding for settlement support activities shall not exceed amounts specifically designated in this Act for such purpose. The Secretary shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations within 60 days of the expenditure or transfer of any funds under this section, including the amount expended or transferred and how the funds will be used. REDISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS, BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS 105. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to redistribute any Tribal Priority Allocation funds, including Tribal base funds, to alleviate Tribal funding inequities by transferring funds to address identified, unmet needs, dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribution methodologies. No Tribe shall receive a reduction in Tribal Priority Allocation funds of more than 10 percent in fiscal year 2025. Under circumstances of dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribution methodologies, the 10 percent limitation does not apply. OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF INSPECTION FEES 106. (a) In fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of the Interior shall collect a nonrefundable inspection fee, which shall be deposited in the Offshore Safety and Environmental Enforcement account, from the designated operator for facilities subject to inspection under 43 U.S.C. 1348(c) . (b) Annual fees shall be collected for facilities that are above the waterline, excluding drilling rigs, and are in place at the start of the fiscal year. Fees for fiscal year 2025 shall be— (1) $10,500 for facilities with no wells, but with processing equipment or gathering lines; (2) $17,000 for facilities with 1 to 10 wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells; and (3) $31,500 for facilities with more than 10 wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells. (c) Fees for drilling rigs shall be assessed for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2025. Fees for fiscal year 2025 shall be— (1) $30,500 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of 500 feet or more; and (2) $16,700 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of less than 500 feet. (d) Fees for inspection of well operations conducted via non-rig units as outlined in title 30 CFR 250 subparts D, E, F, and Q shall be assessed for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2025. Fees for fiscal year 2025 shall be— (1) $13,260 per inspection for non-rig units operating in water depths of 2,500 feet or more; (2) $11,530 per inspection for non-rig units operating in water depths between 500 and 2,499 feet; and (3) $4,470 per inspection for non-rig units operating in water depths of less than 500 feet. (e) The Secretary shall bill designated operators under subsection (b) quarterly, with payment required within 30 days of billing. The Secretary shall bill designated operators under subsection (c) within 30 days of the end of the month in which the inspection occurred, with payment required within 30 days of billing. The Secretary shall bill designated operators under subsection (d) with payment required by the end of the following quarter. CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS FOR WILD HORSE AND BURRO HOLDING FACILITIES 107. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into multiyear cooperative agreements with nonprofit organizations and other appropriate entities, and may enter into multiyear contracts in accordance with the provisions of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code (except that the 5-year term restriction in subsection (a) shall not apply), for the long-term care and maintenance of excess wild free roaming horses and burros by such organizations or entities on private land. Such cooperative agreements and contracts may not exceed 10 years, subject to renewal at the discretion of the Secretary. MASS MARKING OF SALMONIDS 108. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall, in carrying out its responsibilities to protect threatened and endangered species of salmon, implement a system of mass marking of salmonid stocks, intended for harvest, that are released from federally operated or federally financed hatcheries including but not limited to fish releases of coho, chinook, and steelhead species. Marked fish must have a visible mark that can be readily identified by commercial and recreational fishers. CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS WITH INDIAN AFFAIRS 109. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during fiscal year 2025, in carrying out work involving cooperation with State, local, and Tribal governments or any political subdivision thereof, Indian Affairs may record obligations against accounts receivable from any such entities, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available at the end of the fiscal year. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR EXPERIENCED SERVICES PROGRAM 110. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to Federal grants and cooperative agreements, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to make grants to, or enter into cooperative agreements with, private nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of Labor under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 to utilize the talents of older Americans in programs authorized by other provisions of law administered by the Secretary and consistent with such provisions of law. (b) Prior to awarding any grant or agreement under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the agreement would not— (1) result in the displacement of individuals currently employed by the Department, including partial displacement through reduction of non-overtime hours, wages, or employment benefits; (2) result in the use of an individual under the Department of the Interior Experienced Services Program for a job or function in a case in which a Federal employee is in a layoff status from the same or substantially equivalent job within the Department; or (3) affect existing contracts for services. OBLIGATION OF FUNDS 111. Amounts appropriated by this Act to the Department of the Interior shall be available for obligation and expenditure not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. SEPARATION OF ACCOUNTS 112. The Secretary of the Interior, in order to implement an orderly transition to separate accounts of the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Bureau of Indian Education, may transfer funds among and between the successor offices and bureaus affected by the reorganization only in conformance with the reprogramming guidelines described in this Act. PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES (PILT) 113. Section 6906 of title 31, United States Code, shall be applied by substituting fiscal year 2025 for fiscal year 2019 . INTERAGENCY MOTOR POOL 114. Notwithstanding any other provision of law or Federal regulation, federally recognized Indian Tribes or authorized Tribal organizations that receive Tribally Controlled School Grants pursuant to Public Law 100–297 may obtain interagency motor vehicles and related services for performance of any activities carried out under such grants to the same extent as if they were contracting under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act. APPRAISER PAY AUTHORITY 115. For fiscal year 2025, funds made available in this or any other Act or otherwise made available to the Department of the Interior for the Appraisal and Valuation Services Office may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to establish higher minimum rates of basic pay for employees of the Department of the Interior in the Appraiser (GS–1171) job series at grades 11 through 15 carrying out appraisals of real property and appraisal reviews conducted in support of the Department’s realty programs at rates no greater than 15 percent above the minimum rates of basic pay normally scheduled, and such higher rates shall be consistent with subsections (e) through (h) of section 5305 of title 5, United States Code. SAGE-GROUSE 116. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior, pursuant to the Endangered Species Act of 1973 ( 16 U.S.C. 1533 )— (1) to write or issue a proposed or final rule with regard to the greater sage-grouse ( Centrocercus urophasianus ) or any distinct population segment of greater sage-grouse; or (2) to implement, administer, or enforce any threatened species or endangered species status of the greater sage-grouse ( Centrocercus urophasianus ) or any distinct population segment of greater sage-grouse. SAGE-GROUSE HABITAT 117. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the Draft Resource Management Plan Amendment or Draft Environmental Impact Statement for Greater Sage-Grouse Rangewide Planning referenced in the Notice titled Notice of Availability of the Draft Resource Management Plan Amendment and Environmental Impact Statement for Greater Sage-Grouse Rangewide Planning (89 Fed. Reg. 18963 (March 15, 2024)). State conservation grants 118. For expenses necessary to carry out section 200305 of title 54, United States Code, the National Park Service may retain up to 7 percent of the State Conservation Grants program to provide to States, the District of Columbia, and insular areas, as matching grants to support state program administrative costs. HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND DEPOSITS 119. Section 303102 of title 54, United States Code, shall be applied by substituting ‘‘fiscal year 2025’’ for fiscal year 2023 . INTERIOR AUTHORITY FOR OPERATING EFFICIENCIES 120. (a) In fiscal years 2025 and 2026, the Secretary of the Interior may authorize and execute agreements to achieve operating efficiencies among and between two or more component bureaus and offices through the following activities: (1) co-locating in facilities leased or owned by any such component bureau or office and sharing related utilities and equipment; (2) detailing or assigning staff on a non-reimbursable basis for up to 5 business days; and (3) sharing staff and equipment necessary to meet mission requirements. (b) The authority provided by subsection (a) shall be to support areas of mission alignment between and among component bureaus and offices or where geographic proximity allows for efficiencies. (c) Bureaus and offices entering into agreements authorized under subsections (a)(1) and (a)(3) shall bear costs for such agreements in a manner that reflects their approximate benefit and share of total costs, which may or may not include indirect costs. (d) In furtherance of the requirement in subsection (c), the Secretary of the Interior may make transfers of funds in advance or on a reimbursable basis. EMERGENCY LAW ENFORCEMENT CEILING 121. Section 103101 of title 54, United States Code, is amended in subsection (c)(1) by striking $250,000 and inserting $500,000 . CONTRIBUTION AUTHORITY EXTENSION 122. Section 113 of division G of Public Law 113–76 , as amended by Public Law 116–6 , is further amended by striking 2024 and inserting 2029 . Period of Availability 123. Funds previously made available in the Further Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2018 (Div. B of Public Law 115–123 ) for the “National Park Service – Historic Preservation Fund” that were available for obligation through fiscal year 2019 are to remain available through fiscal year 2026 for the liquidation of valid obligations incurred during fiscal years 2018 and 2019: Provided , That amounts repurposed pursuant to this section that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 are designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. Onshore Wind Project 124. The final environmental impact statement for the Lava Ridge Wind Project described in the notice of availability issued by the Bureau of Land Management and titled Notice of Availability of the Final Environmental Impact Statement for the Proposed Lava Ridge Wind Project in Jerome, Lincoln, and Minidoka Counties, ID (89 Fed. Reg. 48681 (June 7, 2024)) shall have no force or effect. lead ammunition and tackle 125. (a) None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to prohibit the use of lead ammunition or tackle on Federal land or water that is made available for hunting or fishing activities or to issue regulations relating to the level of lead in ammunition or tackle to be used on Federal land or water, unless— (1) the Secretary of the Interior determines that a decline in wildlife population on the specific unit of Federal land or water is primarily caused by the use of lead in ammunition or tackle, based on field data from the specific unit of Federal land or water; and (2) the prohibition or regulation, as applicable, is— (A) consistent with— (i) the law of the State in which the specific unit of Federal land or water is located; or (ii) an applicable policy of the fish and wildlife department of the State in which the specific unit of Federal land or water is located; or (B) approved by the fish and wildlife department of the State in which the specific unit of Federal land or water is located. (b) In any case in which the Secretary of the Interior determines under subsection (a) that there is a wildlife population decline on a specific unit of Federal land or water that warrants a prohibition on or regulation relating to the level of lead in ammunition or tackle, the Secretary shall include in a Federal Register notice an explanation of how the prohibition or regulation, as applicable, meets the requirements of this section. ecogrief 126. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to carry out the program for Federal employees at the Department of the Interior titled “Acknowledging Ecogrief and Developing Resistance” or any counseling sessions, workshop, or any other meeting pertaining to ecological grief, ecogrief, or eco-resilience. lesser prairie-chicken 127. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Lesser Prairie-Chicken; Threatened Status With Section 4(d) Rule for the Northern Distinct Population Segment and Endangered Status for the Southern Distinct Population Segment” (87 Fed. Reg. 72674 (November 25, 2022)). northern long-eared bat 128. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Northern Long-Eared Bat” (87 Fed. Reg. 73488 (November 30, 2022)). Dunes Sagebrush Lizard 129. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the threatened species or endangered species status of the dunes sagebrush lizard ( Sceloporus arenicolus ) pursuant to the Endangered Species Act of 1973 ( 16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq. ). gray wolf 130. Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule titled “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing the Gray Wolf (Canis lupus) From the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife” (85 Fed. Reg. 69778 (November 3, 2020)). Wolverine 131. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status With Section 4(d) Rule for North American Wolverine” (88 Fed. Reg. 83726 (November 30, 2023)). North Cascades Ecosystem Grizzly Bear 132. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Establishment of a Nonessential Experimental Population of Grizzly Bear in the North Cascades Ecosystem, Washington State” (89 Fed. Reg. 36982 (May 3, 2024)). Bitterroot Ecosystem Grizzly Bear 133. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior pursuant to the Endangered Species Act of 1973 ( 16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq. ) to establish an experimental population of the grizzly bear ( Ursus arctos horribilis ) within the Bitterroot Ecosystem of Montana and Idaho. Fish Legally Held in Captivity 134. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior pursuant to the Endangered Species Act of 1973 ( 16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq. ) to implement, administer, or enforce a proposed or final rule with regard to a fish legally held in captivity or in a controlled environment in a manner that maintains physical separation of such fish from any wild population of the same species. charles m. russell national wildlife refuge 135. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to facilitate or allow for the introduction of American bison ( Bison bison ) on the Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge (as originally established in Executive Order No. 7509, renamed in Public Land Order 2951, and redesignated in Public Land Order 5635). Endangered Species Act Rules 136. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce— (1) the final rule titled “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Regulations Pertaining to Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants” (89 Fed. Reg. 23919 (April 5, 2024)); (2) the final rule titled “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Listing Endangered and Threatened Species and Designating Critical Habitat” (89 Fed. Reg. 24300 (April 5, 2024)); or (3) the final rule titled “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Regulations for Interagency Cooperation” (89 Fed. Reg. 24268 (April 5, 2024)). transparency 137. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue and implement Order No. 3368 “Promoting Transparency and Accountability in Consent Decrees and Settlement Agreements” dated September 11, 2018. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act shall be available to rescind the Order reissued under subsection (a), reissue, enforce, administer, or implement Order No. 3408 “Rescission of Secretary’s Order 3368” dated June 17, 2022, or to issue, enforce, administer, or implement any substantially similar order. funding limitation regarding blm rule 138. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Conservation and Landscape Health” published by the Bureau of Land Management in the Federal Register on May 9, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 40308). grand staircase-escalante national monument 139. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used for management of the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument except in compliance with the document titled Record of Decision and Approved Resource Management Plans for the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument (February 2020). cottonwood 140. Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall issue the final rule titled “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Regulations for Interagency Cooperation” (86 Fed. Reg. 2373 (January 12, 2021)). funding limitation regarding Fish and Wildlife Service rule 141. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled “National Wildlife Refuge System; Biological Integrity, Diversity, and Environmental Health” (89 Fed. Reg. 7345 (February 2, 2024)). National Park Service Housing 142. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Park Service to provide housing to an alien without lawful status under the immigration laws (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101 )). big cypress national preserve 143. The Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service, shall prepare an environmental impact statement under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 ( 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq. ), prior to approving an operations permit, as described in 36 Code of Federal Regulations, subpart B §§9.80 through 9.90, for the purpose of conducting or proposing to conduct non-federal oil or gas operations within the Big Cypress National Preserve. Caldwell Canyon 144. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than December 31, 2024, the Secretary of the Interior shall issue a new Record of Decision for the Caldwell Canyon Mine project that addresses the deficiencies identified by the United States District Court for the District of Idaho in its decisions and orders issued in Center for Biological Diversity, et al. v. United States Bureau of Land Management, et al. (Case Number 4:21-CV-00182-BLW) on January 24, 2023, and June 2, 2023. 5-year plan 145. Section 18 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1344 ) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking subsections (c) and (d) of this section, shall prepare and periodically revise, and inserting this section, shall issue every five years ; (B) by adding at the end the following: (5) Each five-year program shall include at least two Gulf of Mexico region-wide lease sales per year. . (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting domestic energy security, after between ; (2) by redesignating subsections (f) through (i) as subsections (g) through (j), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the following: (f) Subsequent Leasing Programs.— (1) In General.—Not later than 36 months after conducting the first lease sale under an oil and gas leasing program prepared pursuant to this section, the Secretary shall begin preparing the subsequent oil and gas leasing program under this section. (2) Requirement.—Each subsequent oil and gas leasing program under this section shall be approved by not later than 180 days before the expiration of the previous oil and gas leasing program. . Offshore oil and gas leasing 146. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and except within areas subject to existing oil and gas leasing moratoria beginning in fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of the Interior shall annually conduct a minimum of 2 region-wide oil and gas lease sales in the following planning areas of the Gulf of Mexico region, as described in the 2017–2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Proposed Final Program (November 2016): (1) The Central Gulf of Mexico Planning Area. (2) The Western Gulf of Mexico Planning Area. (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, beginning in fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of the Interior shall annually conduct a minimum of 2 region-wide oil and gas lease sales in the Alaska region of the Outer Continental Shelf, as described in the 2017–2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Proposed Final Program (November 2016). (c) In conducting lease sales under subsections (a) and (b), the Secretary of the Interior shall— (1) issue such leases in accordance with the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1332 et seq. ); and (2) include in each such lease sale all unleased areas that are not subject to a moratorium as of the date of the lease sale. Continuing Offshore Energy 147. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall hold Lease Sale 262, which shall include offering for leasing any tracts— (1) that were offered for leasing under Lease Sale 259 (as defined in section 50264 of Public Law 117–169 ); and (2) for which the Secretary of the Interior did not issue a lease. (b) Leases from Lease Sale 262 shall be conveyed using the same lease form and containing the same lease terms, economic conditions, and lease stipulations as contained in the Final Notice of Sale for Gulf of Mexico Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Lease Sale 257 (86 Fed. Reg. 54728 (Oct 4, 2021)). effect on other law 148. Nothing in this Act, or any amendments made by this Act, shall affect— (a) the Presidential memorandum titled “Memorandum on Withdrawal of Certain Areas of the United States Outer Continental Shelf From Leasing Disposition” and dated September 8, 2020; (b) the Presidential memorandum titled “Memorandum on Withdrawal of Certain Areas of the United States Outer Continental Shelf From Leasing Disposition” and dated September 25, 2020; (c) the Presidential memorandum titled “Memorandum on Withdrawal of Certain Areas off the Atlantic Coast on the Outer Continental Shelf From Leasing Disposition” and dated December 20, 2016; or (d) the ban on oil and gas development in the Great Lakes described in section 386 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ( 42 U.S.C. 15941 ). Marine Mammals 149. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce any restriction, stipulation, or mitigation related to offshore energy leasing, exploration, development, or production carried out pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq. ) intended to reduce or eliminate possible disturbance to the North Pacific right whale (Eubalaena japonica), North Atlantic right whale (Eubalaena glacialis), or Rice’s whale (Balaenoptera ricei). (b) Subsection (a) does not apply to any action required to comply with a court order in regard to litigation concerning the document titled Biological Opinion on the Federally Regulated Oil and Gas Program Activities in the Gulf of Mexico (OPR–2017–00002; March 13, 2020) or any environmental document required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 ( 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq. ) needed for Gulf Of Mexico lease sales, provided that such actions are necessary to prevent a decrease, reduction, or prohibition of access to the Gulf of Mexico Outer Continental Shelf for energy-related activities. onshore oil and gas leasing 150. (a) (1) The Secretary of the Interior shall immediately resume quarterly onshore oil and gas lease sales in compliance with the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 181 et seq. ). (2) The Secretary of the Interior shall ensure— (A) that any oil and gas lease sale pursuant to paragraph (1) is conducted immediately on completion of all applicable scoping, public comment, and environmental analysis requirements under the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 181 et seq. ) and the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 ( 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq. ); and (B) that the processes described in subparagraph (A) are conducted in a timely manner to ensure compliance with subsection (b)(1). (3) Section 17(b)(1)(A) of the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 226(b)(1)(A) ) is amended by inserting “Eligible lands comprise all lands subject to leasing under this Act and not excluded from leasing by a statutory or regulatory prohibition. Available lands are those lands that have been designated as open for leasing under a land use plan developed under section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 and that have been nominated for leasing through the submission of an expression of interest, are subject to drainage in the absence of leasing, or are otherwise designated as available pursuant to regulations adopted by the Secretary.” after “sales are necessary.”. (b) (1) In accordance with the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 181 et seq. ), each fiscal year, the Secretary of the Interior shall conduct a minimum of four oil and gas lease sales in each of the following States: (A) Wyoming. (B) New Mexico. (C) Colorado. (D) Utah. (E) Montana. (F) North Dakota. (G) Oklahoma. (H) Nevada. (I) Alaska. (J) Any other State in which there is land available for oil and gas leasing under the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 181 et seq. ) or any other mineral leasing law. (2) In conducting a lease sale under paragraph (1) in a State described in that paragraph, the Secretary of the Interior shall offer all parcels nominated and eligible pursuant to the requirements of the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 181 et seq. ) for oil and gas exploration, development, and production under the resource management plan in effect for the State. (3) The Secretary of the Interior shall conduct a replacement sale during the same fiscal year if— (A) a lease sale under paragraph (1) is canceled, delayed, or deferred, including for a lack of eligible parcels; or (B) during a lease sale under paragraph (1) the percentage of acreage that does not receive a bid is equal to or greater than 25 percent of the acreage offered. (4) Not later than 30 days after a sale required under this subsection is canceled, delayed, deferred, or otherwise missed the Secretary of the Interior shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that states what sale was missed and why it was missed. Domestic Mining 151. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce any recommendation of the Interagency Working Group on Mining Regulations, Laws, and Permitting of the Department of the Interior contained in the report titled “Recommendations to Improve Mining on Public Lands” (published September 12, 2023). Ten-Day Notices 152. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Ten-Day Notices and Corrective Action for State Regulatory Program Issues” (89 Fed. Reg. 24714 (April 9, 2024)). Lease Cancellations in Alaska 153. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the cancellation or suspension of oil and gas leases in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge or the National Petroleum Reserve in Alaska. National Petroleum Reserve in Alaska 154. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Management and Protection of the National Petroleum Reserve in Alaska” and published by the Bureau of Land Management in the Federal Register on May 7, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 38712), or any substantially similar rule. TRADEMARK LITIGATION 155. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to oppose an application for trademark related to the logo for the Glacier Rough Riders or pursue litigation or other action against the Glacier Range Riders for trademark rights infringement related to such logo. RENEWAL 156. The first section of Public Law 99–338 (100 Stat. 641) is amended— (1) by striking “3 renewals” and inserting “7 renewals”; and (2) by striking “of Southern California Edison Company”. GREATER YELLOWSTONE ECOSYSTEM GRIZZLY BEAR 157. (a) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule entitled “Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem Population of Grizzly Bears From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife” (82 Fed. Reg. 30502 (June 30, 2017)), without regard to any other provision of law that applies to the issuance of that final rule. (b) The reissuance of the final rule described in subsection (a) (including this section) shall not be subject to judicial review. WILDERNESS AREA 158. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Park Service to designate or manage Big Cypress National Preserve as wilderness or as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System. DECOMMISSIONING ACCOUNT 159. The matter under the amended heading “Royalty and Offshore Minerals Management” for the Minerals Management Service in Public Law 101–512 (104 Stat. 1926, as amended) ( 43 U.S.C. 1338a ), as amended by section 123 of title I of division E of ( Public Law 118–42 ), is further amended by striking the fifth through eighth provisos in their entirety and inserting the following: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, any moneys hereafter received as a result of the forfeiture of a bond or other security by an Outer Continental Shelf permittee, lessee, or right-of-way holder that does not fulfill the requirements of its permit, lease, or right-of-way or does not comply with the regulations of the Secretary, or as a bankruptcy distribution or settlement associated with such failure or noncompliance, shall be credited to a separate account established in the Treasury for decommissioning activities and shall be available to the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management without further appropriation or fiscal year limitation to cover the cost to the United States or any entity conducting any improvement, protection, rehabilitation, or decommissioning work rendered necessary by the action or inaction that led to the forfeiture or bankruptcy distribution or settlement, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That amounts deposited into the decommissioning account may be allocated to the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement for such costs: Provided further, That any moneys received for such costs currently held in the Ocean Energy Management account shall be transferred to the decommissioning account: Provided further, That only such portion of the moneys so credited that are in excess of the amount expended in performing the work necessitated by the action or inaction which led to their receipt or, if the bond or security was forfeited for failure to pay the civil penalty, in excess of the civil penalty imposed shall be returned to the bankruptcy estate, permittee, lessee, or right-of-way holder. . II ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY Science and technology For science and technology, including research and development activities, which shall include research and development activities under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980; necessary expenses for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; procurement of laboratory equipment and supplies; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; and other operating expenses in support of research and development, $522,500,000 (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $13,000,000) (reduced by $3,500,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That of the funds included under this heading, $21,475,000 shall be for Research: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act. Environmental programs and management For environmental programs and management, including necessary expenses not otherwise provided for, for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; purchase of reprints; library memberships in societies or associations which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members; administrative costs of the brownfields program under the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act of 2002; implementation of a coal combustion residual permit program under section 2301 of the Water and Waste Act of 2016; and not to exceed $40,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $2,250,445,000 (increased by $500,000) (reduced by $500,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (reduced by $12,000,000) (increased by $12,000,000) (reduced by $20,000) (reduced by $3,500,000) (reduced by $7,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That of the funds included under this heading— (1) $35,000,000 (increased by $4,000,000) shall be for Environmental Protection: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act; and (2) $651,226,000 shall be for Geographic Programs as specified in the report accompanying this Act. In addition, $9,000,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses of activities described in section 26(b)(1) of the Toxic Substances Control Act ( 15 U.S.C. 2625(b)(1) ): Provided, That fees collected pursuant to that section of that Act and deposited in the TSCA Service Fee Fund as discretionary offsetting receipts in fiscal year 2025 shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this appropriation and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated in this paragraph from the general fund for fiscal year 2025 shall be reduced by the amount of discretionary offsetting receipts received during fiscal year 2025, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That to the extent that amounts realized from such receipts exceed $9,000,000, those amounts in excess of $9,000,000 shall be deposited in the TSCA Service Fee Fund as discretionary offsetting receipts in fiscal year 2025, shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the funds included in the first paragraph under this heading, the Chemical Risk Review and Reduction program project shall be allocated for this fiscal year, excluding the amount of any fees appropriated, not less than the amount of appropriations for that program project for fiscal year 2014. Office of inspector general For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $43,250,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026. Buildings and facilities For construction, repair, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of, or for use by, the Environmental Protection Agency, $40,676,000, to remain available until expended. Hazardous substance superfund (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses to carry out the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including sections 111(c)(3), (c)(5), (c)(6), and (e)(4) ( 42 U.S.C. 9611 ), and hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft, $661,167,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $13,000,000), to remain available until expended, consisting of such sums as are available in the Trust Fund on September 30, 2024, and not otherwise appropriated from the Trust Fund, as authorized by section 517(a) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $661,167,000 (increased by $13,000,000) as a payment from general revenues to the Hazardous Substance Superfund for purposes as authorized by section 517(b) of SARA: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be allocated to other Federal agencies in accordance with section 111(a) of CERCLA: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $13,979,000 shall be paid to the Office of Inspector General appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2026, and $32,120,000 shall be paid to the Science and Technology appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2026. Leaking underground storage tank trust fund program For necessary expenses to carry out leaking underground storage tank cleanup activities authorized by subtitle I of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $80,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $57,167,000 shall be for carrying out leaking underground storage tank cleanup activities authorized by section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; and $22,833,000 shall be for carrying out the other provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code: Provided, That the Administrator is authorized to use appropriations made available under this heading to implement section 9013 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to provide financial assistance to federally recognized Indian Tribes for the development and implementation of programs to manage underground storage tanks. Inland oil spill programs For expenses necessary to carry out the Environmental Protection Agency’s responsibilities under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, including hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft, $19,600,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability trust fund, to remain available until expended. State and tribal assistance grants For environmental programs and infrastructure assistance, including capitalization grants for State revolving funds and performance partnership grants, $3,680,203,000 (increased by $748,735,000) (reduced by $748,735,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $1,500,000,000) (reduced by $1,500,000,000), to remain available until expended, of which— (1) $1,203,013,000 (increased by $35,987,000) (reduced by $35,987,000) shall be for making capitalization grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and of which $883,515,000 (increased by $242,485,000) (reduced by $242,485,000) shall be for making capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided, That $553,936,004 of the funds made available for capitalization grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds and $479,541,446 of the funds made available for capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds shall be for the construction of drinking water, wastewater, and storm water infrastructure and for water quality protection in accordance with the terms and conditions specified for such grants in the report accompanying this Act for projects specified for STAG—Drinking Water State Revolving Fund and STAG—Clean Water State Revolving Fund in the table titled Interior and Environment Incorporation of Community Project Funding Items included in the report accompanying this Act, and, for purposes of these grants, each grantee shall contribute not less than 20 percent of the cost of the project unless the grantee is approved for a waiver by the Agency: Provided further, That the Administrator is authorized to use up to $1,500,000 of funds made available for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds under this heading under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1381 ) to conduct the Clean Watersheds Needs Survey: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 603(d)(7) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the limitation on the amounts in a State water pollution control revolving fund that may be used by a State to administer the fund shall not apply to amounts included as principal in loans made by such fund in fiscal year 2025 and prior years where such amounts represent costs of administering the fund to the extent that such amounts are or were deemed reasonable by the Administrator, accounted for separately from other assets in the fund, and used for eligible purposes of the fund, including administration: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2025, notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, grants made under title II of such Act for American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, the United States Virgin Islands, and the District of Columbia may also be made for the purpose of providing assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial establishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2025, notwithstanding the provisions of such subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 and section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, funds reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act may also be used to provide assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial establishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2025, notwithstanding any provision of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and regulations issued pursuant thereof, up to a total of $2,000,000 of the funds reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) of such Act may also be used for grants for training, technical assistance, and educational programs relating to the operation and management of the treatment works specified in section 518(c) of such Act: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2025, funds reserved under section 518(c) of such Act shall be available for grants only to Indian Tribes, as defined in section 518(h) of such Act and former Indian reservations in Oklahoma (as determined by the Secretary of the Interior) and Native Villages as defined in Public Law 92–203 : Provided further, That for fiscal year 2025, notwithstanding the limitation on amounts in section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $30,000,000, whichever is greater, and notwithstanding the limitation on amounts in section 1452(i) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $20,000,000, whichever is greater, for State Revolving Funds under such Acts may be reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) and section 1452(i) of such Acts: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2025, notwithstanding the amounts specified in section 205(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to 1.5 percent of the aggregate funds appropriated for the Clean Water State Revolving Fund program under the Act less any sums reserved under section 518(c) of the Act, may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under title II of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act for American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, and United States Virgin Islands: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2025, notwithstanding the limitations on amounts specified in section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to 1.5 percent of the funds appropriated for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund programs under the Safe Drinking Water Act may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided further, That 10 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and 14 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State to provide additional subsidy to eligible recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans, or grants (or any combination of these), and shall be so used by the State only where such funds are provided as initial financing for an eligible recipient or to buy, refinance, or restructure the debt obligations of eligible recipients only where such debt was incurred on or after the date of enactment of this Act, or where such debt was incurred prior to the date of enactment of this Act if the State, with concurrence from the Administrator, determines that such funds could be used to help address a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in drinking water or if a Federal or State emergency declaration has been issued due to a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in a municipal drinking water supply before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That in a State in which such an emergency declaration has been issued, the State may use more than 14 percent of the funds made available under this title to the State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants to provide additional subsidy to eligible recipients: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 1452(o) of the Safe Drinking Water Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300j–12(o) ), the Administrator shall reserve up to $12,000,000 of the amounts made available for fiscal year 2025 for making capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds to pay the costs of monitoring for unregulated contaminants under section 1445(a)(2)(C) of such Act: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for Community Project Funding grants in this or prior appropriations Acts are not subject to compliance with Federal procurement requirements for competition and methods of procurement applicable to Federal financial assistance, if a Community Project Funding recipient has procured services or products through contracts entered into prior to the date of enactment of this Act that complied with State and/or local laws governing competition; (2) $45,000,000 shall be for architectural, engineering, planning, design, construction and related activities in connection with the construction of high priority water and wastewater facilities in the area of the United States-Mexico Border, after consultation with the appropriate border commission: Provided, That no funds provided by this appropriations Act to address the water, wastewater and other critical infrastructure needs of the colonias in the United States along the United States-Mexico border shall be made available to a county or municipal government unless that government has established an enforceable local ordinance, or other zoning rule, which prevents in that jurisdiction the development or construction of any additional colonia areas, or the development within an existing colonia the construction of any new home, business, or other structure which lacks water, wastewater, or other necessary infrastructure; (3) $30,000,000 shall be for grants to the State of Alaska to address drinking water and wastewater infrastructure needs of rural and Alaska Native Villages: Provided, That of these funds: (A) the State of Alaska shall provide a match of 25 percent; (B) no more than 5 percent of the funds may be used for administrative and overhead expenses; and (C) the State of Alaska shall make awards consistent with the Statewide priority list established in conjunction with the Agency and the U.S. Department of Agriculture for all water, sewer, waste disposal, and similar projects carried out by the State of Alaska that are funded under section 221 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1301 ) or the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act ( 7 U.S.C. 1921 et seq. ) which shall allocate not less than 25 percent of the funds provided for projects in regional hub communities; (4) $90,292,000 (increased by $9,708,000) (reduced by $9,708,000) shall be to carry out section 104(k) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including grants, interagency agreements, and associated program support costs: Provided, That at least 10 percent shall be allocated for assistance in persistent poverty counties: Provided further, That for purposes of this section, the term persistent poverty counties means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1993 Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates, the 2000 decennial census, and the most recent Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates, or any territory or possession of the United States; (5) $90,000,000 shall be for grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; (6) $67,800,000 shall be for targeted airshed grants in accordance with the terms and conditions in the report accompanying this Act; (7) $27,500,000 shall be for grants under subsections (a) through (j) of section 1459A of the Safe Drinking Water Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300j–19a ): Provided, That for fiscal year 2025, funds provided under subsections (a) through (j) of such section of such Act may be used— (A) by a State to provide assistance to benefit one or more owners of drinking water wells that are not public water systems or connected to a public water system for necessary and appropriate activities related to a contaminant pursuant to subsection (j) of such section of such Act; and (B) to support a community described in subsection (c)(2) of such section of such Act; (8) $28,000,000 shall be for grants under section 1464(d) of the Safe Drinking Water Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300j–24(d) ); (9) $22,000,000 shall be for grants under section 1459B of the Safe Drinking Water Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300j–19b ); (10) $6,500,000 shall be for grants under section 1459A(l) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–19a(l)); (11) $25,500,000 shall be for grants under section 104(b)(8) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1254(b)(8) ); (12) $2,000,000 shall be for grants under section 224 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1302b ); (13) $3,000,000 shall be for grants under section 220 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1300 ); (14) $41,000,000 shall be for grants under section 221 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1301 ); (15) $5,000,000 shall be for grants under section 4304(b) of the America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–270 ); (16) $3,000,000 shall be for carrying out section 302(a) of the Save Our Seas 2.0 Act ( 33 U.S.C. 4282(a) ), of which not more than 2 percent shall be for administrative costs to carry out such section: Provided, That notwithstanding section 302(a) of such Act, the Administrator may also provide grants pursuant to such authority to intertribal consortia consistent with the requirements in 40 CFR 35.504(a), to former Indian reservations in Oklahoma (as determined by the Secretary of the Interior), and Alaska Native Villages as defined in Public Law 92–203 ; (17) $2,250,000 shall be for grants under section 1459F of the Safe Drinking Water Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300j–19g ); (18) $4,000,000 shall be for carrying out section 2001 of the America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–270 , 42 U.S.C. 300j–3c note): Provided, That the Administrator may award grants to and enter into contracts with Tribes, intertribal consortia, public or private agencies, institutions, organizations, and individuals, without regard to section 3324(a) and (b) of title 31 and section 6101 of title 41, United States Code, and enter into interagency agreements as appropriate; (19) $2,000,000 shall be for grants under section 50217(b) of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1302f(b) ; Public Law 117–58 ); (20) $3,500,000 shall be for grants under section 124 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1276 ); and (21) $1,095,333,000 shall be for grants, including associated program support costs, to States, federally recognized Tribes, interstate agencies, Tribal consortia, and air pollution control agencies for multi-media or single media pollution prevention, control and abatement, and related activities, including activities pursuant to the provisions set forth under this heading in Public Law 104–134 , and for making grants under section 103 of the Clean Air Act for particulate matter monitoring and data collection activities subject to terms and conditions specified by the Administrator, and under section 2301 of the Water and Waste Act of 2016 to assist States in developing and implementing programs for control of coal combustion residuals, of which: $42,250,000 shall be for carrying out section 128 of CERCLA; $7,000,000 shall be for Environmental Information Exchange Network grants, including associated program support costs; $1,475,000 shall be for grants to States under section 2007(f)(2) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, which shall be in addition to funds appropriated under the heading Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program to carry out the provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code other than section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $18,512,000 of the funds available for grants under section 106 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act shall be for State participation in national- and State-level statistical surveys of water resources and enhancements to State monitoring programs. Water infrastructure finance and innovation program account For the cost of direct loans and for the cost of guaranteed loans, as authorized by the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, $64,634,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000), to remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, including capitalized interest, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $12,500,000,000: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be used solely for the cost of direct loans and for the cost of guaranteed loans for projects described in section 5026(9) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 to State infrastructure financing authorities, as authorized by section 5033(e) of such Act: Provided further, That the use of direct loans or loan guarantee authority under this heading for direct loans or commitments to guarantee loans for any project shall be in accordance with the criteria published in the Federal Register on June 30, 2020 (85 FR 39189) pursuant to the fourth proviso under the heading Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Program Account in division D of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( Public Law 116–94 ): Provided further, That none of the direct loans or loan guarantee authority made available under this heading shall be available for any project unless the Administrator and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget have certified in advance in writing that the direct loan or loan guarantee, as applicable, and the project comply with the criteria referenced in the previous proviso: Provided further, That, for the purposes of carrying out the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the Director of the Congressional Budget Office may request, and the Administrator shall promptly provide, documentation and information relating to a project identified in a Letter of Interest submitted to the Administrator pursuant to a Notice of Funding Availability for applications for credit assistance under the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act Program, including with respect to a project that was initiated or completed before the date of enactment of this Act. In addition, fees authorized to be collected pursuant to sections 5029 and 5030 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 shall be deposited in this account, to remain available until expended. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, notwithstanding section 5033 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, $7,640,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. Administrative provisions—Environmental protection agency (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For fiscal year 2025, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 6303(1) and 6305(1), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in carrying out the Agency’s function to implement directly Federal environmental programs required or authorized by law in the absence of an acceptable Tribal program, may award cooperative agreements to federally recognized Indian Tribes or Intertribal consortia, if authorized by their member Tribes, to assist the Administrator in implementing Federal environmental programs for Indian Tribes required or authorized by law, except that no such cooperative agreements may be awarded from funds designated for State financial assistance agreements. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate pesticide registration service fees in accordance with section 33 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act ( 7 U.S.C. 136w–8 ), to remain available until expended. Notwithstanding section 33(d)(2) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) ( 7 U.S.C. 136w–8(d)(2) ), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency may assess fees under section 33 of FIFRA ( 7 U.S.C. 136w–8 ) for fiscal year 2025. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate fees in accordance with section 3024 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act ( 42 U.S.C. 6939g ) for fiscal year 2025, to remain available until expended. The Administrator is authorized to transfer up to $368,000,000 (increased by $82,000,000) (reduced by $82,000,000) of the funds appropriated for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative under the heading Environmental Programs and Management to the head of any Federal department or agency, with the concurrence of such head, to carry out activities that would support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement programs, projects, or activities; to enter into an interagency agreement with the head of such Federal department or agency to carry out these activities; and to make grants to governmental entities, nonprofit organizations, institutions, and individuals for planning, research, monitoring, outreach, and implementation in furtherance of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. The Science and Technology, Environmental Programs and Management, Office of Inspector General, Hazardous Substance Superfund, and Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program Accounts, are available for the construction, alteration, repair, rehabilitation, and renovation of facilities, provided that the cost does not exceed $300,000 per project. For fiscal year 2025, and notwithstanding section 518(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1377(f) ), the Administrator is authorized to use the amounts appropriated for any fiscal year under section 319 of the Act to make grants to Indian Tribes pursuant to sections 319(h) and 518(e) of that Act. The Administrator is authorized to use the amounts appropriated under the heading Environmental Programs and Management for fiscal year 2025 to provide grants to implement the Southeast New England Watershed Restoration Program. Notwithstanding the limitations on amounts in section 320(i)(2)(B) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, not less than $2,500,000 of the funds made available under this title for the National Estuary Program shall be for making competitive awards described in section 320(g)(4). For fiscal year 2025, the Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention and the Office of Water may, using funds appropriated under the headings Environmental Programs and Management and Science and Technology , contract directly with individuals or indirectly with institutions or nonprofit organizations, without regard to 41 U.S.C. 5 , for the temporary or intermittent personal services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered employees for the purposes of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to compensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relating to tort claims, but shall not be considered to be Federal employees for any other purpose: Provided, That amounts used for this purpose by the Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention and the Office of Water collectively may not exceed $2,000,000. The Environmental Protection agency shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate with copies of any available Department of Treasury quarterly certification of trust fund receipts collected from section 13601 of Public Law 117–169 and section 80201 of Public Law 117–58 , an annual operating plan for such receipts showing amounts allocated by program area and program project, and quarterly reports for such receipts of obligated balances by program area and program project. III RELATED AGENCIES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR NATURAL RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Natural Resources and Environment, $1,000,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to any agency in the Natural Resources and Environment mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the office. Forest service FOREST SERVICE OPERATIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, $1,035,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2028: Provided, That a portion of the funds made available under this heading shall be for the base salary and expenses of employees in the Chief’s Office, the Work Environment and Performance Office, the Business Operations Deputy Area, and the Chief Financial Officer’s Office to carry out administrative and general management support functions: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading shall be available for the costs of facility maintenance, repairs, and leases for buildings and sites where these administrative, general management and other Forest Service support functions take place; the costs of all utility and telecommunication expenses of the Forest Service, as well as business services; and, for information technology, including cybersecurity requirements: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading may be used for necessary expenses to carry out administrative and general management support functions of the Forest Service not otherwise provided for and necessary for its operation. FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH For necessary expenses of forest and rangeland research as authorized by law, $299,760,000, to remain available through September 30, 2028: Provided, That of the funds provided, $32,000,000 is for the forest inventory and analysis program: Provided further, That all authorities for the use of funds, including the use of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements, available to execute the Forest and Rangeland Research appropriation, are also available in the utilization of these funds for Fire Science Research. STATE, PRIVATE, AND TRIBAL FORESTRY For necessary expenses of cooperating with and providing technical and financial assistance to States, territories, possessions, Tribes, and others, and for forest health management, including for invasive plants, and conducting an international program and trade activities as authorized, $282,960,000, to remain available through September 30, 2028, as authorized by law. NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, for management, protection, improvement, and utilization of the National Forest System, and for hazardous fuels management on or adjacent to such lands, $1,866,465,000 (reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000), to remain available through September 30, 2028: Provided, That of the funds provided, $30,000,000 shall be deposited in the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund for ecological restoration treatments as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 7303(f) : Provided further, That of the funds provided, $43,000,000 shall be for forest products: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $202,000,000 shall be for hazardous fuels management activities, of which not to exceed $30,000,000 may be used to make grants, using any authorities available to the Forest Service under the State, Private, and Tribal Forestry appropriation, for the purpose of creating incentives for increased use of biomass from National Forest System lands: Provided further, That $20,000,000 may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into procurement contracts or cooperative agreements or to issue grants for hazardous fuels management activities, and for training or monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management activities on Federal land, or on non-Federal land if the Secretary determines such activities benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That funds made available to implement the Community Forest Restoration Act, Public Law 106–393 , title VI, shall be available for use on non-Federal lands in accordance with authorities made available to the Forest Service under the State, Private, and Tribal Forestry appropriation: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 33 of the Bankhead Jones Farm Tenant Act ( 7 U.S.C. 1012 ), the Secretary of Agriculture, in calculating a fee for grazing on a National Grassland, may provide a credit of up to 50 percent of the calculated fee to a Grazing Association or direct permittee for a conservation practice approved by the Secretary in advance of the fiscal year in which the cost of the conservation practice is incurred, and that the amount credited shall remain available to the Grazing Association or the direct permittee, as appropriate, in the fiscal year in which the credit is made and each fiscal year thereafter for use on the project for conservation practices approved by the Secretary: Provided further, That funds appropriated to this account shall be available for the base salary and expenses of employees that carry out the functions funded by the Capital Improvement and Maintenance account, the Range Betterment Fund account, and the Management of National Forest Lands for Subsistence Uses account. CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT AND MAINTENANCE (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, $157,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2028, for construction, capital improvement, maintenance, and acquisition of buildings and other facilities and infrastructure; for construction, reconstruction, and decommissioning of unauthorized roads that are not part of the transportation system; and for maintenance of forest roads and trails by the Forest Service as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 532–538 and 23 U.S.C. 101 and 205: Provided, That $6,000,000 shall be for activities authorized by 16 U.S.C. 538(a) : Provided further, That funds becoming available in fiscal year 2025 under the Act of March 4, 1913 ( 16 U.S.C. 501 ) shall be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury and shall not be available for transfer or obligation for any other purpose unless the funds are appropriated. ACQUISITION OF LANDS FOR NATIONAL FORESTS SPECIAL ACTS For acquisition of lands within the exterior boundaries of the Cache, Uinta, and Wasatch National Forests, Utah; the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada; and the Angeles, San Bernardino, Sequoia, and Cleveland National Forests, California; and the Ozark-St. Francis and Ouachita National Forests, Arkansas; as authorized by law, $664,000, to be derived from forest receipts. ACQUISITION OF LANDS TO COMPLETE LAND EXCHANGES For acquisition of lands, such sums, to be derived from funds deposited by State, county, or municipal governments, public school districts, or other public school authorities, and for authorized expenditures from funds deposited by non-Federal parties pursuant to Land Sale and Exchange Acts, pursuant to the Act of December 4, 1967 ( 16 U.S.C. 484a ), to remain available through September 30, 2028, (16 U.S.C. 516–617a, 555a; Public Law 96–586 ; Public Law 76–589 , Public Law 76–591 ; and Public Law 78–310 ). RANGE BETTERMENT FUND For necessary expenses of range rehabilitation, protection, and improvement, 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year, as fees for grazing domestic livestock on lands in National Forests in the 16 Western States, pursuant to section 401(b)(1) of Public Law 94–579 , to remain available through September 30, 2028, of which not to exceed 6 percent shall be available for administrative expenses associated with on-the-ground range rehabilitation, protection, and improvements. GIFTS, DONATIONS AND BEQUESTS FOR FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH For expenses authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1643(b) , $45,000, to remain available through September 30, 2028, to be derived from the fund established pursuant to the above Act. MANAGEMENT OF NATIONAL FOREST LANDS FOR SUBSISTENCE USES For necessary expenses of the Forest Service to manage Federal lands in Alaska for subsistence uses under title VIII of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act ( 16 U.S.C. 3111 et seq. ), $1,099,000, to remain available through September 30, 2028. WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses for forest fire presuppression activities on National Forest System lands, for emergency wildland fire suppression on or adjacent to such lands or other lands under fire protection agreement, and for emergency rehabilitation of burned-over National Forest System lands and water, $2,407,735,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds, including unobligated balances under this heading, are available for repayment of advances from other appropriations accounts previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That any unobligated funds appropriated in a previous fiscal year for hazardous fuels management may be transferred to the National Forest System account: Provided further, That such funds shall be available to reimburse State and other cooperating entities for services provided in response to wildfire, search and rescue, and other emergencies or disasters to the extent such reimbursements by the Forest Service for non-fire emergencies are fully repaid by the responsible emergency management agency: Provided further, That funds provided shall be available for support to Federal emergency response: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any non-Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further , That of the funds provided under this heading, $1,011,000,000 shall be available for wildfire suppression operations, and is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(F)(ii)(I) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION OPERATIONS RESERVE FUND (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) In addition to the amounts provided under the heading Department of Agriculture—Forest Service—Wildland Fire Management for wildfire suppression operations, $2,390,000,000, to remain available until transferred, is additional new budget authority as specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(F) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided, That such amounts may be transferred to and merged with amounts made available under the headings Department of the Interior—Department-Wide Programs—Wildland Fire Management and Department of Agriculture—Forest Service—Wildland Fire Management for wildfire suppression operations in the fiscal year in which such amounts are transferred: Provided further, That amounts may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management accounts in the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture only upon the notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all wildfire suppression operations funds appropriated under that heading in this and prior appropriations Acts to the agency to which the funds will be transferred will be obligated within 30 days: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That, in determining whether all wildfire suppression operations funds appropriated under the heading Wildland Fire Management in this and prior appropriations Acts to either the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior will be obligated within 30 days pursuant to the preceding proviso, any funds transferred or permitted to be transferred pursuant to any other transfer authority provided by law shall be excluded. COMMUNICATIONS SITE ADMINISTRATION (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) Amounts collected in this fiscal year pursuant to section 8705(f)(2) of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–334 ), shall be deposited in the special account established by section 8705(f)(1) of such Act, shall be available to cover the costs described in subsection (c)(3) of such section of such Act, and shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts shall be transferred to the National Forest System account. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS—FOREST SERVICE (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) Appropriations to the Forest Service for the current fiscal year shall be available for: (1) purchase of passenger motor vehicles; acquisition of passenger motor vehicles from excess sources, and hire of such vehicles; purchase, lease, operation, maintenance, and acquisition of aircraft to maintain the operable fleet for use in Forest Service wildland fire programs and other Forest Service programs; notwithstanding other provisions of law, existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft; (2) services pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2225 , and not to exceed $100,000 for employment under 5 U.S.C. 3109 ; (3) purchase, erection, and alteration of buildings and other public improvements ( 7 U.S.C. 2250 ); (4) acquisition of land, waters, and interests therein pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 428a ; (5) for expenses pursuant to the Volunteers in the National Forest Act of 1972 ( 16 U.S.C. 558a , 558d, and 558a note); (6) the cost of uniforms as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902 ; and (7) for debt collection contracts in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3718(c) . Funds made available to the Forest Service in this Act may be transferred between accounts affected by the Forest Service budget restructure outlined in section 435 of division D of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( Public Law 116–94 ): Provided, That any transfer of funds pursuant to this paragraph shall not increase or decrease the funds appropriated to any account in this fiscal year by more than ten percent: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. Any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for forest firefighting, emergency rehabilitation of burned-over or damaged lands or waters under its jurisdiction, and fire preparedness due to severe burning conditions upon the Secretary of Agriculture’s notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all fire suppression funds appropriated under the heading Wildland Fire Management will be obligated within 30 days: Provided, That all funds used pursuant to this paragraph must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation which must be requested as promptly as possible. Not more than $50,000,000 of funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior for wildland fire management, hazardous fuels management, and State fire assistance when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Forest Service may transfer unobligated balances of discretionary funds appropriated to the Forest Service by this Act to or within the National Forest System Account, or reprogram funds to be used for the purposes of hazardous fuels management and urgent rehabilitation of burned-over National Forest System lands and water: Provided, That such transferred funds shall remain available through September 30, 2028: Provided further, That none of the funds transferred pursuant to this paragraph shall be available for obligation without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for assistance to or through the Agency for International Development in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and shall be available to support forestry and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States government, private sector, and international organizations: Provided, That the Forest Service, acting for the International Program, may sign direct funding agreements with foreign governments and institutions as well as other domestic agencies (including the U.S. Agency for International Development, the Department of State, and the Millennium Challenge Corporation), United States private sector firms, institutions and organizations to provide technical assistance and training programs on forestry and rangeland management: Provided further, That to maximize effectiveness of domestic and international research and cooperation, the International Program may utilize all authorities related to forestry, research, and cooperative assistance regardless of program designations. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, for removal, preparation, and adoption of excess wild horses and burros from National Forest System lands, and for the performance of cadastral surveys to designate the boundaries of such lands. None of the funds made available to the Forest Service in this Act or any other Act with respect to any fiscal year shall be subject to transfer under the provisions of section 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 ( 7 U.S.C. 2257 ), section 442 of Public Law 106–224 ( 7 U.S.C. 7772 ), or section 10417(b) of Public Law 107–171 ( 7 U.S.C. 8316(b) ). Not more than $82,000,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture and not more than $14,500,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Department of Agriculture for Department Reimbursable Programs, commonly referred to as Greenbook charges: Provided, That nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit or limit the use of reimbursable agreements requested by the Forest Service in order to obtain information technology services, including telecommunications and system modifications or enhancements, from the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture. Of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $5,000,000 shall be available for priority projects within the scope of the approved budget, which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps and shall be carried out under the authority of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 ( 16 U.S.C. 1721 et seq. ). Of the funds available to the Forest Service, $4,000 is available to the Chief of the Forest Service for official reception and representation expenses. Pursuant to sections 405(b) and 410(b) of Public Law 101–593 , of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $3,000,000 may be advanced in a lump sum to the National Forest Foundation to aid conservation partnership projects in support of the Forest Service mission, without regard to when the Foundation incurs expenses, for projects on or benefitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided, That of the Federal funds made available to the Foundation, no more than $300,000 shall be available for administrative expenses: Provided further, That the Foundation shall obtain, by the end of the period of Federal financial assistance, private contributions to match funds made available by the Forest Service on at least a one-for-one basis: Provided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or a non-Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non-Federal matching funds. Pursuant to section 2(b)(2) of Public Law 98–244 , up to $3,000,000 of the funds available to the Forest Service may be advanced to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation in a lump sum to aid cost-share conservation projects, without regard to when expenses are incurred, on or benefitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided, That such funds shall be matched on at least a one-for-one basis by the Foundation or its sub-recipients: Provided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or non-Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non-Federal matching funds. Any amounts made available to the Forest Service in this fiscal year, including available collections, may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, to enter into Federal financial assistance grants and cooperative agreements to support forest or grassland collaboratives in the accomplishment of activities benefitting both the public and the National Forest System, Federal lands and adjacent non-Federal lands. Eligible activities are those that will improve or enhance Federal investments, resources, or lands, including for collaborative and collaboration-based activities, including but not limited to facilitation, planning, and implementing projects, technical assistance, administrative functions, operational support, participant costs, and other capacity support needs, as identified by the Forest Service. Eligible recipients are Indian Tribal entities (defined at 25 U.S.C. 5304(e) ), state government, local governments, private and nonprofit entities, for-profit organizations, and educational institutions. The Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, may enter into such cooperative agreements notwithstanding chapter 63 of title 31 when the Secretary determines that the public interest will be benefited and that there exists a mutual interest other than monetary considerations. Transactions subject to Title 2 of the Code of Federal Regulations shall be publicly advertised and require competition when required by such Title 2. For those transactions not subject to Title 2 of the Code of Federal Regulations, the agency may require public advertising and competition when deemed appropriate. The term forest and grassland collaboratives means groups of individuals or entities with diverse interests participating in a cooperative process to share knowledge, ideas, and resources about the protection, restoration, or enhancement of natural and other resources on Federal and adjacent non-Federal lands, the improvement or maintenance of public access to Federal lands, or the reduction of risk to such lands caused by natural disasters. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service under the headings National Forest System and Forest and Rangeland Research may be used for fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2025 expenses associated with primary and secondary schooling for dependents of agency personnel stationed in Puerto Rico, who are subject to transfer and reassignment to other locations in the United States, at a cost not in excess of those authorized for the Department of Defense for the same area, when it is determined by the Chief of the Forest Service that public schools available in the locality are unable to provide adequately for the education of such dependents: Provided , That the Congress hereby ratifies and approves payments for such purposes to agency employees stationed in Puerto Rico made by the Forest Service after August 2, 2005, in accordance with the 19th unnumbered paragraph under the heading Administrative Provisions, Forest Service in title III of Public Law 109–54 , as amended. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for interactions with and providing technical assistance to rural communities and natural resource-based businesses for sustainable rural development purposes. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for payments to counties within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, pursuant to section 14(c)(1) and (2), and section 16(a)(2) of Public Law 99–663 . Any funds appropriated to the Forest Service may be used to meet the non-Federal share requirement in section 502(c) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 ( 42 U.S.C. 3056(c)(2) ). The Forest Service shall not assess funds for the purpose of performing fire, administrative, and other facilities maintenance and decommissioning. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service, not to exceed $500,000 may be used to reimburse the Office of the General Counsel (OGC), Department of Agriculture, for travel and related expenses incurred as a result of OGC assistance or participation requested by the Forest Service at meetings, training sessions, management reviews, land purchase negotiations, and similar matters unrelated to civil litigation: Provided, That future budget justifications for both the Forest Service and the Department of Agriculture should clearly display the sums previously transferred and the sums requested for transfer. An eligible individual who is employed in any project funded under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 ( 42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq. ) and administered by the Forest Service shall be considered to be a Federal employee for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. The Forest Service may employ or contract with an individual who is enrolled in a training program at a longstanding Civilian Conservation Center (as defined in section 147(d) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act ( 29 U.S.C. 3197(d) )) at regular rates of pay for necessary hours of work on National Forest System lands. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available to pay, from a single account, the base salary and expenses of employees who carry out functions funded by other accounts for Enterprise Program, Geospatial Technology and Applications Center, remnant Natural Resource Manager, Job Corps, and National Technology and Development Program. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Indian health service INDIAN HEALTH SERVICES For expenses necessary to carry out the Act of August 5, 1954 (68 Stat. 674), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act, the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to the Indian Health Service, $440,282,000 (increased by $7,000,000) (increased by $20,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026, except as otherwise provided herein, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2024; in addition, $150,472,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, for the Electronic Health Record System and the Indian Healthcare Improvement Fund, of which $75,472,000 is for the Indian Health Care Improvement Fund and may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account; and, in addition, $5,124,311,000, which shall become available on October 1, 2025, and remain available through September 30, 2027, except as otherwise provided herein; together with payments received during the fiscal year pursuant to sections 231(b) and 233 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 238(b) and 238b), for services furnished by the Indian Health Service: Provided, That funds made available to Tribes and Tribal organizations through contracts, grant agreements, or any other agreements or compacts authorized by the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 ( 25 U.S.C. 450 ), shall be deemed to be obligated at the time of the grant or contract award and thereafter shall remain available to the Tribe or Tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That from the amounts that become available on October 1, 2025, $2,500,000 shall be available for grants or contracts with public or private institutions to provide alcohol or drug treatment services to Indians, including alcohol detoxification services: Provided further, That from the amounts that become available on October 1, 2025, $1,048,804,000 shall remain available until expended for Purchased/Referred Care: Provided further, That of the total amount specified in the preceding proviso for Purchased/Referred Care, $54,000,000 shall be for the Indian Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund: Provided further , That from the amounts that become available on October 1, 2025, up to $51,000,000 shall remain available until expended for implementation of the loan repayment program under section 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act: Provided further, That from the amounts that become available on October 1, 2025, $58,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for costs related to or resulting from accreditation emergencies, including supplementing activities funded under the heading Indian Health Facilities , of which up to $4,000,000 may be used to supplement amounts otherwise available for Purchased/Referred Care: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Federal Government as authorized by sections 104 and 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a) during the preceding fiscal year for breach of contracts shall be deposited in the Fund authorized by section 108A of that Act ( 25 U.S.C. 1616a–1 ) and shall remain available until expended and, notwithstanding section 108A(c) of that Act ( 25 U.S.C. 1616a–1(c) ), funds shall be available to make new awards under the loan repayment and scholarship programs under sections 104 and 108 of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a): Provided further, That the amounts made available within this account for the Substance Abuse and Suicide Prevention Program, for Opioid Prevention, Treatment and Recovery Services, for the Domestic Violence Prevention Program, for the Zero Suicide Initiative, for the housing subsidy authority for civilian employees, for Aftercare Pilot Programs at Youth Regional Treatment Centers, for transformation and modernization costs of the Indian Health Service Electronic Health Record system, for national quality and oversight activities, to improve collections from public and private insurance at Indian Health Service and Tribally operated facilities, for an initiative to treat or reduce the transmission of HIV and HCV, for a maternal health initiative, for the Telebehaviorial Health Center of Excellence, for Alzheimer’s activities, for Village Built Clinics, for a produce prescription pilot, and for accreditation emergencies shall be allocated at the discretion of the Director of the Indian Health Service and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act may be used for annual contracts and grants that fall within 2 fiscal years, provided the total obligation is recorded in the year the funds are appropriated: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under the authority of title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act ( 25 U.S.C. 1613 ) shall remain available until expended for the purpose of achieving compliance with the applicable conditions and requirements of titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act, except for those related to the planning, design, or construction of new facilities: Provided further, That funding contained herein for scholarship programs under the Indian Health Care Improvement Act ( 25 U.S.C. 1613 ) shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That amounts received by Tribes and Tribal organizations under title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall be reported and accounted for and available to the receiving Tribes and Tribal organizations until expended: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may collect from the Indian Health Service, and from Tribes and Tribal organizations operating health facilities pursuant to Public Law 93–638 , such individually identifiable health information relating to disabled children as may be necessary for the purpose of carrying out its functions under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq. ): Provided further, That none of the funds provided that become available on October 1, 2025, may be used for implementation of the Electronic Health Record System or the Indian Health Care Improvement Fund: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act, or any other Act, to the Indian Health Service for the Electronic Health Record system shall be available for obligation or expenditure for the selection or implementation of a new Information Technology infrastructure system, unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 90 days in advance of such obligation. CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS For payments to Tribes and Tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act agreements with the Indian Health Service for fiscal year 2025, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account: Provided further, That amounts obligated but not expended by a Tribe or Tribal organization for contract support costs for such agreements for the current fiscal year shall be applied to contract support costs due for such agreements for subsequent fiscal years. PAYMENTS FOR TRIBAL LEASES For payments to Tribes and Tribal organizations for leases pursuant to section 105(l) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5324(l) ) for fiscal year 2025, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2026: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. INDIAN HEALTH FACILITIES For construction, repair, maintenance, demolition, improvement, and equipment of health and related auxiliary facilities, including quarters for personnel; preparation of plans, specifications, and drawings; acquisition of sites, purchase and erection of modular buildings, and purchases of trailers; and for provision of domestic and community sanitation facilities for Indians, as authorized by section 7 of the Act of August 5, 1954 ( 42 U.S.C. 2004a ), the Indian Self-Determination Act, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and for expenses necessary to carry out such Acts and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to environmental health and facilities support activities of the Indian Health Service, $344,010,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2024; in addition, $850,864,000, which shall become available on October 1, 2025, and remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated for the planning, design, construction, renovation, or expansion of health facilities for the benefit of an Indian Tribe or Tribes may be used to purchase land on which such facilities will be located: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be used for fiscal year 2026 by the Indian Health Service to purchase TRANSAM equipment from the Department of Defense for distribution to the Indian Health Service and Tribal facilities: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service may be used for sanitation facilities construction for new homes funded with grants by the housing programs of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS—INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE Appropriations provided in this Act to the Indian Health Service shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 at rates not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior-level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376 ; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; purchase of medical equipment; purchase of reprints; purchase, renovation, and erection of modular buildings and renovation of existing facilities; payments for telephone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary of Health and Human Services; uniforms, or allowances therefor as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902 ; and for expenses of attendance at meetings that relate to the functions or activities of the Indian Health Service: Provided, That in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, non-Indian patients may be extended health care at all Tribally administered or Indian Health Service facilities, subject to charges, and the proceeds along with funds recovered under the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act ( 42 U.S.C. 2651–2653 ) shall be credited to the account of the facility providing the service and shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other law or regulation, funds transferred from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Indian Health Service shall be administered under Public Law 86–121 , the Indian Sanitation Facilities Act and Public Law 93–638 : Provided further, That funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service in this Act, except those used for administrative and program direction purposes, shall not be subject to limitations directed at curtailing Federal travel and transportation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used for any assessments or charges by the Department of Health and Human Services unless such assessments or charges are identified in the budget justification and provided in this Act, or approved by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations through the reprogramming process: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds previously or herein made available to a Tribe or Tribal organization through a contract, grant, or agreement authorized by title I or title V of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450et seq.), may be deobligated and reobligated to a self-determination contract under title I, or a self-governance agreement under title V of such Act and thereafter shall remain available to the Tribe or Tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used to implement the final rule published in the Federal Register on September 16, 1987, by the Department of Health and Human Services, relating to the eligibility for the health care services of the Indian Health Service until the Indian Health Service has submitted a budget request reflecting the increased costs associated with the proposed final rule, and such request has been included in an appropriations Act and enacted into law: Provided further, That with respect to functions transferred by the Indian Health Service to Tribes or Tribal organizations, the Indian Health Service is authorized to provide goods and services to those entities on a reimbursable basis, including payments in advance with subsequent adjustment, and the reimbursements received therefrom, along with the funds received from those entities pursuant to the Indian Self-Determination Act, may be credited to the same or subsequent appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived, with such amounts to remain available until expended: Provided further, That reimbursements for training, technical assistance, or services provided by the Indian Health Service will contain total costs, including direct, administrative, and overhead costs associated with the provision of goods, services, or technical assistance: Provided further, That the Indian Health Service may provide to civilian medical personnel serving in hospitals operated by the Indian Health Service housing allowances equivalent to those that would be provided to members of the Commissioned Corps of the United States Public Health Service serving in similar positions at such hospitals: Provided further, That the appropriation structure for the Indian Health Service may not be altered without advance notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. National institutes of health NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH SCIENCES For necessary expenses for the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences in carrying out activities set forth in section 311(a) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 ( 42 U.S.C. 9660(a) ) and section 126(g) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, $75,000,000. Agency for toxic substances and disease registry TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND ENVIRONMENTAL PUBLIC HEALTH For necessary expenses for the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) in carrying out activities set forth in sections 104(i) and 111(c)(4) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) and section 3019 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $76,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, in lieu of performing a health assessment under section 104(i)(6) of CERCLA, the Administrator of ATSDR may conduct other appropriate health studies, evaluations, or activities, including, without limitation, biomedical testing, clinical evaluations, medical monitoring, and referral to accredited healthcare providers: Provided further, That in performing any such health assessment or health study, evaluation, or activity, the Administrator of ATSDR shall not be bound by the deadlines in section 104(i)(6)(A) of CERCLA: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for ATSDR to issue in excess of 40 toxicological profiles pursuant to section 104(i) of CERCLA during fiscal year 2025, and existing profiles may be updated as necessary. OTHER RELATED AGENCIES Executive office of the President COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY AND OFFICE OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY For necessary expenses to continue functions assigned to the Council on Environmental Quality and Office of Environmental Quality pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, the Environmental Quality Improvement Act of 1970, and Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1977, and not to exceed $750 for official reception and representation expenses, $1,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 202 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1970, the Council shall consist of one member, appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, serving as chairman and exercising all powers, functions, and duties of the Council. Chemical safety and hazard investigation board SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses in carrying out activities pursuant to section 112(r)(6) of the Clean Air Act, including hire of passenger vehicles, uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902 , rental of space, and for services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376 , $13,824,000 (increased by $1,000,000): Provided, That the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board (Board) shall have not more than three career Senior Executive Service positions: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the individual appointed to the position of Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) shall, by virtue of such appointment, also hold the position of Inspector General of the Board: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Inspector General of the Board shall utilize personnel of the Office of Inspector General of EPA in performing the duties of the Inspector General of the Board, and shall not appoint any individuals to positions within the Board. Office of navajo and hopi indian relocation SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation as authorized by Public Law 93–531 , $3,060,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be derived from unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available under this heading: Provided, That funds provided in this or any other appropriations Act are to be used to relocate eligible individuals and groups including evictees from District 6, Hopi-partitioned lands residents, those in significantly substandard housing, and all others certified as eligible and not included in the preceding categories: Provided further, That none of the funds contained in this or any other Act may be used by the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation to evict any single Navajo or Navajo family who, as of November 30, 1985, was physically domiciled on the lands partitioned to the Hopi Tribe unless a new or replacement home is provided for such household: Provided further, That no relocatee will be provided with more than one new or replacement home: Provided further, That the Office shall relocate any certified eligible relocatees who have selected and received an approved homesite on the Navajo reservation or selected a replacement residence off the Navajo reservation or on the land acquired pursuant to section 11 of Public Law 93–531 (88 Stat. 1716). Institute of American indian and Alaska native culture and arts development PAYMENT TO THE INSTITUTE For payment to the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development, as authorized by part A of title XV of Public Law 99–498 ( 20 U.S.C. 4411 et seq. ), $13,125,000, which shall become available on July 1, 2025, and shall remain available until September 30, 2026. Smithsonian institution SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Smithsonian Institution, as authorized by law, including research in the fields of art, science, and history; development, preservation, and documentation of the National Collections; presentation of public exhibits and performances; collection, preparation, dissemination, and exchange of information and publications; conduct of education, training, and museum assistance programs; maintenance, alteration, operation, lease agreements of no more than 30 years, and protection of buildings, facilities, and approaches; not to exceed $100,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 ; and purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for employees, $837,802,000 (reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (reduced by $27,000,000) (increased by $27,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $27,000,000 for the instrumentation program, collections acquisition, exhibition reinstallation, Smithsonian American Women's History Museum, National Museum of the American Latino, and the repatriation of skeletal remains program shall remain available until expended; and including such funds as may be necessary to support American overseas research centers: Provided, That funds appropriated herein are available for advance payments to independent contractors performing research services or participating in official Smithsonian presentations: Provided further, That the Smithsonian Institution may expend Federal appropriations designated in this Act for lease or rent payments, as rent payable to the Smithsonian Institution, and such rent payments may be deposited into the general trust funds of the Institution to be available as trust funds for expenses associated with the purchase of a portion of the building at 600 Maryland Avenue, SW, Washington, DC, to the extent that federally supported activities will be housed there: Provided further, That the use of such amounts in the general trust funds of the Institution for such purpose shall not be construed as Federal debt service for, a Federal guarantee of, a transfer of risk to, or an obligation of the Federal Government: Provided further, That no appropriated funds may be used directly to service debt which is incurred to finance the costs of acquiring a portion of the building at 600 Maryland Avenue, SW, Washington, DC, or of planning, designing, and constructing improvements to such building: Provided further, That any agreement entered into by the Smithsonian Institution for the sale of its ownership interest, or any portion thereof, in such building so acquired may not take effect until the expiration of a 30 day period which begins on the date on which the Secretary of the Smithsonian submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate, the Committees on House Administration and Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate a report, as outlined in the explanatory statement described in section 4 of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( Public Law 116–94 ; 133 Stat. 2536) on the intended sale. FACILITIES CAPITAL For necessary expenses of repair, revitalization, and alteration of facilities owned or occupied by the Smithsonian Institution, by contract or otherwise, as authorized by section 2 of the Act of August 22, 1949 (63 Stat. 623), and for construction, including necessary personnel, $121,913,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $10,000 shall be for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 . National gallery of art SALARIES AND EXPENSES For the upkeep and operations of the National Gallery of Art, the protection and care of the works of art therein, and administrative expenses incident thereto, as authorized by the Act of March 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 51), as amended by the public resolution of April 13, 1939 (Public Resolution 9, 76th Congress), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 ; payment in advance when authorized by the treasurer of the Gallery for membership in library, museum, and art associations or societies whose publications or services are available to members only, or to members at a price lower than to the general public; purchase, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for guards, and uniforms, or allowances therefor, for other employees as authorized by law ( 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902 ); purchase or rental of devices and services for protecting buildings and contents thereof, and maintenance, alteration, improvement, and repair of buildings, approaches, and grounds; and purchase of services for restoration and repair of works of art for the National Gallery of Art by contracts made, without advertising, with individuals, firms, or organizations at such rates or prices and under such terms and conditions as the Gallery may deem proper, $171,050,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. REPAIR, RESTORATION AND RENOVATION OF BUILDINGS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of repair, restoration, and renovation of buildings, grounds and facilities owned or occupied by the National Gallery of Art, by contract or otherwise, for operating lease agreements of no more than 10 years, that address space needs created by the ongoing renovations in the Master Facilities Plan, as authorized, $17,266,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of this amount, $5,651,000 shall be available for the completion of an off-site art storage facility in partnership with the Smithsonian Institution and may be transferred to the Smithsonian Institution for such purposes: Provided further, That contracts awarded for environmental systems, protection systems, and exterior repair or renovation of buildings of the National Gallery of Art may be negotiated with selected contractors and awarded on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price. John F. kennedy center for the performing arts OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE For necessary expenses for the operation, maintenance, and security of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $32,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. CAPITAL REPAIR AND RESTORATION For necessary expenses for capital repair and restoration of the existing features of the building and site of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $6,000,000, to remain available until expended. Woodrow wilson international center for scholars SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary in carrying out the provisions of the Woodrow Wilson Memorial Act of 1968 (82 Stat. 1356) including hire of passenger vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 , $12,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. National foundation on the arts and the humanities National endowment for the arts GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965, $203,895,000 shall be available to the National Endowment for the Arts for the support of projects and productions in the arts, including arts education and public outreach activities, through assistance to organizations and individuals pursuant to section 5 of the Act, for program support, and for administering the functions of the Act, to remain available until expended. National endowment for the humanities GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965, $203,895,000, to remain available until expended, of which $195,645,000 shall be available for support of activities in the humanities, pursuant to section 7(c) of the Act and for administering the functions of the Act; and $8,250,000 shall be available to carry out the matching grants program pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the Act, including $6,250,000 for the purposes of section 7(h): Provided, That appropriations for carrying out section 10(a)(2) shall be available for obligation only in such amounts as may be equal to the total amounts of gifts, bequests, devises of money, and other property accepted by the chairman or by grantees of the National Endowment for the Humanities under the provisions of sections 11(a)(2)(B) and 11(a)(3)(B) during the current and preceding fiscal years for which equal amounts have not previously been appropriated. Administrative provisions None of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used to process any grant or contract documents which do not include the text of 18 U.S.C. 1913: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That funds from nonappropriated sources may be used as necessary for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts may approve grants of up to $10,000, if in the aggregate the amount of such grants does not exceed 5 percent of the sums appropriated for grantmaking purposes per year: Provided further, That such small grant actions are taken pursuant to the terms of an expressed and direct delegation of authority from the National Council on the Arts to the Chairperson. Commission of fine arts SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses of the Commission of Fine Arts under chapter 91 of title 40, United States Code, $3,600,000: Provided, That the Commission is authorized to charge fees to cover the full costs of its publications, and such fees shall be credited to this account as an offsetting collection, to remain available until expended without further appropriation: Provided further, That the Commission is authorized to accept gifts, including objects, papers, artwork, drawings and artifacts, that pertain to the history and design of the Nation’s Capital or the history and activities of the Commission of Fine Arts, for the purpose of artistic display, study, or education: Provided further, That one-tenth of one percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representation expenses. NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL AFFAIRS For necessary expenses as authorized by Public Law 99–190 ( 20 U.S.C. 956a ), $4,950,000. Advisory council on historic preservation SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation ( Public Law 89–665 ), $8,375,000 (reduced by $600,000) (increased by $600,000). National capital planning commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the National Capital Planning Commission under chapter 87 of title 40, United States Code, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 , $8,700,000: Provided, That one-quarter of 1 percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representational expenses associated with hosting international visitors engaged in the planning and physical development of world capitals. United States holocaust memorial museum HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM For expenses of the Holocaust Memorial Museum, as authorized by Public Law 106–292 ( 36 U.S.C. 2301–2310 ), $65,231,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027, for the Museum’s equipment replacement program; and of which $4,000,000 for the Museum’s repair and rehabilitation program and $1,264,000 for the Museum’s outreach initiatives program shall remain available until expended. United States semiquincentennial commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the United States Semiquincentennial Commission to plan and coordinate observances and activities associated with the 250th anniversary of the founding of the United States, as authorized by Public Law 116–282 , the technical amendments to Public Law 114–196 , $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. IV GENERAL PROVISIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS AND RESCISSION OF FUNDS) RESTRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS 401. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available for any activity or the publication or distribution of literature that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legislative proposal on which Congressional action is not complete other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913 . OBLIGATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 402. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. DISCLOSURE OF ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 403. The amount and basis of estimated overhead charges, deductions, reserves, or holdbacks, including working capital fund charges, from programs, projects, activities and subactivities to support government-wide, departmental, agency, or bureau administrative functions or headquarters, regional, or central operations shall be presented in annual budget justifications and subject to approval by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. Changes to such estimates shall be presented to the Committees on Appropriations for approval. MINING APPLICATIONS 404. (a) Limitation of funds None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended to accept or process applications for a patent for any mining or mill site claim located under the general mining laws. (b) Exceptions Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Interior determines that, for the claim concerned: (1) a patent application was filed with the Secretary on or before September 30, 1994; and (2) all requirements established under sections 2325 and 2326 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 29 and 30) for vein or lode claims, sections 2329, 2330, 2331, and 2333 of the Revised Statutes ( 30 U.S.C. 35 , 36, and 37) for placer claims, and section 2337 of the Revised Statutes ( 30 U.S.C. 42 ) for mill site claims, as the case may be, were fully complied with by the applicant by that date. (c) Report On September 30, 2026, the Secretary of the Interior shall file with the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on actions taken by the Department under the plan submitted pursuant to section 314(c) of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997 ( Public Law 104–208 ). (d) Mineral examinations In order to process patent applications in a timely and responsible manner, upon the request of a patent applicant, the Secretary of the Interior shall allow the applicant to fund a qualified third-party contractor to be selected by the Director of the Bureau of Land Management to conduct a mineral examination of the mining claims or mill sites contained in a patent application as set forth in subsection (b). The Bureau of Land Management shall have the sole responsibility to choose and pay the third-party contractor in accordance with the standard procedures employed by the Bureau of Land Management in the retention of third-party contractors. CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS, PRIOR YEAR LIMITATION 405. Sections 405 and 406 of division F of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 ( Public Law 113–235 ) shall continue in effect in fiscal year 2025. CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS, FISCAL YEAR 2025 LIMITATION 406. Amounts provided by this Act for fiscal year 2025 under the headings Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, Contract Support Costs and Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, Contract Support Costs are the only amounts available for contract support costs arising out of self-determination or self-governance contracts, grants, compacts, or annual funding agreements for fiscal year 2025 with the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Bureau of Indian Education, and the Indian Health Service: Provided, That such amounts provided by this Act are not available for payment of claims for contract support costs for prior years, or for repayments of payments for settlements or judgments awarding contract support costs for prior years. FOREST MANAGEMENT PLANS 407. The Secretary of Agriculture shall not be considered to be in violation of section 6(f)(5)(A) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 ( 16 U.S.C. 1604(f)(5)(A) ) solely because more than 15 years have passed without revision of the plan for a unit of the National Forest System. Nothing in this section exempts the Secretary from any other requirement of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act ( 16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq. ) or any other law: Provided, That if the Secretary is not acting expeditiously and in good faith, within the funding available, to revise a plan for a unit of the National Forest System, this section shall be void with respect to such plan and a court of proper jurisdiction may order completion of the plan on an accelerated basis. PROHIBITION WITHIN NATIONAL MONUMENTS 408. No funds provided in this Act may be expended to conduct preleasing, leasing and related activities under either the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 181 et seq. ) or the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq. ) within the boundaries of a National Monument established pursuant to the Act of June 8, 1906 ( 16 U.S.C. 431 et seq. ) as such boundary existed on January 20, 2001, except where such activities are allowed under the Presidential proclamation establishing such monument. LIMITATION ON TAKINGS 409. Unless otherwise provided herein, no funds appropriated in this Act for the acquisition of lands or interests in lands may be expended for the filing of declarations of taking or complaints in condemnation without the approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That this provision shall not apply to funds appropriated to implement the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989, or to funds appropriated for Federal assistance to the State of Florida to acquire lands for Everglades restoration purposes. PROHIBITION ON NO-BID CONTRACTS 410. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to executive branch agencies may be used to enter into any Federal contract unless such contract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of Chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, or Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless— (1) Federal law specifically authorizes a contract to be entered into without regard for these requirements, including formula grants for States, or federally recognized Indian Tribes; (2) such contract is authorized by the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( Public Law 93–638 , 25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ) or by any other Federal laws that specifically authorize a contract within an Indian Tribe as defined in section 4(e) of that Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5304(e) ); or (3) such contract was awarded prior to the date of enactment of this Act. POSTING OF REPORTS 411. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS GRANT GUIDELINES 412. Of the funds provided to the National Endowment for the Arts— (1) The Chairperson shall only award a grant to an individual if such grant is awarded to such individual for a literature fellowship, National Heritage Fellowship, or American Jazz Masters Fellowship. (2) The Chairperson shall establish procedures to ensure that no funding provided through a grant, except a grant made to a State or local arts agency, or regional group, may be used to make a grant to any other organization or individual to conduct activity independent of the direct grant recipient. Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit payments made in exchange for goods and services. (3) No grant shall be used for seasonal support to a group, unless the application is specific to the contents of the season, including identified programs or projects. NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS PROGRAM PRIORITIES 413. (a) In providing services or awarding financial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 from funds appropriated under this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that serve underserved populations. (b) In this section: (1) The term underserved population means a population of individuals, including urban minorities, who have historically been outside the purview of arts and humanities programs due to factors such as a high incidence of income below the poverty line or to geographic isolation. (2) The term poverty line means the poverty line (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget, and revised annually in accordance with section 673(2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act ( 42 U.S.C. 9902(2) )) applicable to a family of the size involved. (c) In providing services and awarding financial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965 with funds appropriated by this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that will encourage public knowledge, education, understanding, and appreciation of the arts. (d) With funds appropriated by this Act to carry out section 5 of the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965— (1) the Chairperson shall establish a grant category for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that are of national impact or availability or are able to tour several States; (2) the Chairperson shall not make grants exceeding 15 percent, in the aggregate, of such funds to any single State, excluding grants made under the authority of paragraph (1); (3) the Chairperson shall report to the Congress annually and by State, on grants awarded by the Chairperson in each grant category under section 5 of such Act; and (4) the Chairperson shall encourage the use of grants to improve and support community-based music performance and education. STATUS OF BALANCES OF APPROPRIATIONS 414. The Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Indian Health Service shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of appropriations including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds in each program and activity within 60 days of enactment of this Act. EXTENSION OF GRAZING PERMITS 415. The terms and conditions of section 325 of Public Law 108–108 (117 Stat. 1307), regarding grazing permits issued by the Forest Service on any lands not subject to administration under section 402 of the Federal Lands Policy and Management Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1752 ), shall remain in effect for fiscal year 2025. FUNDING PROHIBITION 416. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. HUMANE TRANSFER AND TREATMENT OF ANIMALS 417. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior, with respect to land administered by the Bureau of Land Management, or the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to land administered by the Forest Service (referred to in this section as the Secretary concerned ), may transfer excess wild horses and burros that have been removed from land administered by the Secretary concerned to other Federal, State, and local government agencies for use as work animals. (b) The Secretary concerned may make a transfer under subsection (a) immediately on the request of a Federal, State, or local government agency. (c) An excess wild horse or burro transferred under subsection (a) shall lose status as a wild free-roaming horse or burro (as defined in section 2 of Public Law 92–195 (commonly known as the Wild Free-Roaming Horses and Burros Act ) ( 16 U.S.C. 1332 )). (d) A Federal, State, or local government agency receiving an excess wild horse or burro pursuant to subsection (a) shall not— (1) destroy the horse or burro in a manner that results in the destruction of the horse or burro into a commercial product; (2) sell or otherwise transfer the horse or burro in a manner that results in the destruction of the horse or burro for processing into a commercial product; or (3) euthanize the horse or burro, except on the recommendation of a licensed veterinarian in a case of severe injury, illness, or advanced age. (e) Amounts appropriated by this Act shall not be available for— (1) the destruction of any healthy, unadopted, and wild horse or burro under the jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned (including a contractor); or (2) the sale of a wild horse or burro that results in the destruction of the wild horse or burro for processing into a commercial product. FOREST SERVICE FACILITY REALIGNMENT AND ENHANCEMENT AUTHORIZATION EXTENSION 418. Section 503(f) of Public Law 109–54 ( 16 U.S.C. 580d note) shall be applied by substituting September 30, 2025 for September 30, 2019 . USE OF AMERICAN IRON AND STEEL 419. (a) (1) None of the funds made available by a State water pollution control revolving fund as authorized by section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300j–12 ) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of a public water system or treatment works unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term iron and steel products means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or unlined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (in this section referred to as the Administrator ) finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be inconsistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities and of a satisfactory quality; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products produced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Administrator receives a request for a waiver under this section, the Administrator shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Administrator concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Administrator shall make the request and accompanying information available by electronic means, including on the official public Internet Web site of the Environmental Protection Agency. (d) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. (e) The Administrator may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Clean and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds for carrying out the provisions described in subsection (a)(1) for management and oversight of the requirements of this section. LOCAL COOPERATOR TRAINING AGREEMENTS AND TRANSFERS OF EXCESS EQUIPMENT AND SUPPLIES FOR WILDFIRES 420. The Secretary of the Interior is authorized to enter into grants and cooperative agreements with volunteer fire departments, rural fire departments, rangeland fire protection associations, and similar organizations to provide for wildland fire training and equipment, including supplies and communication devices. Notwithstanding section 121(c) of title 40, United States Code, or section 521 of title 40, United States Code, the Secretary is further authorized to transfer title to excess Department of the Interior firefighting equipment no longer needed to carry out the functions of the Department’s wildland fire management program to such organizations. RECREATION FEES 421. Section 810 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act ( 16 U.S.C. 6809 ) shall be applied by substituting October 1, 2026 for September 30, 2019 . REPROGRAMMING GUIDELINES 422. None of the funds made available in this Act, in this and prior fiscal years, may be reprogrammed without the advance approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the reprogramming procedures contained in the report accompanying this Act. LOCAL CONTRACTORS 423. Section 412 of division E of Public Law 112–74 shall be applied by substituting fiscal year 2025 for fiscal year 2019 . SHASTA-TRINITY MARINA FEE AUTHORITY AUTHORIZATION EXTENSION 424. Section 422 of division F of Public Law 110–161 (121 Stat 1844), as amended, shall be applied by substituting fiscal year 2025 for fiscal year 2019 . INTERPRETIVE ASSOCIATION AUTHORIZATION EXTENSION 425. Section 426 of division G of Public Law 113–76 ( 16 U.S.C. 565a–1 note) shall be applied by substituting September 30, 2025 for September 30, 2019 . FOREST BOTANICAL PRODUCTS FEE COLLECTION AUTHORIZATION EXTENSION 426. Section 339 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2000 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–113 ; 16 U.S.C. 528 note), as amended by section 335(6) of Public Law 108–108 and section 432 of Public Law 113–76 , shall be applied by substituting fiscal year 2025 for fiscal year 2019 . TRIBAL LEASES 427. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in the case of any lease under section 105(l) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5324(l) ), the initial lease term shall commence no earlier than the date of receipt of the lease proposal. (b) The Secretaries of the Interior and Health and Human Services shall, jointly or separately, during fiscal year 2025 consult with Tribes and Tribal organizations through public solicitation and other means regarding the requirements for leases under section 105(l) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5324(l) ) on how to implement a consistent and transparent process for the payment of such leases. FOREST ECOSYSTEM HEALTH AND RECOVERY FUND 428. The authority provided under the heading Forest Ecosystem Health and Recovery Fund in title I of Public Law 111–88 , as amended by section 117 of division F of Public Law 113–235 , shall be applied by substituting fiscal year 2025 for fiscal year 2020 each place it appears. ALLOCATION OF PROJECTS, NATIONAL PARKS AND PUBLIC LAND LEGACY RESTORATION FUND AND LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND 429. (a) (1) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall allocate amounts made available from the National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund for fiscal year 2025 pursuant to subsection (c) of section 200402 of title 54, United States Code, and as provided in subsection (e) of such section of such title, to the agencies of the Department of the Interior and the Department of Agriculture specified, in the amounts specified, for the stations and unit names specified, and for the projects and activities specified in the table titled Allocation of Funds: National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund Fiscal Year 2025 in the report accompanying this Act. (2) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture, as appropriate, shall allocate amounts made available for expenditure from the Land and Water Conservation Fund for fiscal year 2025 pursuant to subsection (a) of section 200303 of title 54, United States Code, to the agencies and accounts specified, in the amounts specified, and for the projects and activities specified in the table titled Allocation of Funds: Land and Water Conservation Fund Fiscal Year 2025 in the report accompanying this Act. (b) Except as otherwise provided by subsection (c) of this section, neither the President nor his designee may allocate any amounts that are made available for any fiscal year under subsection (c) of section 200402 of title 54, United States Code, or subsection (a) of section 200303 of title 54, United States Code, other than in amounts and for projects and activities that are allocated by subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this section: Provided, That in any fiscal year, the matter preceding this proviso shall not apply to the allocation of amounts for continuing administration of programs allocated funds from the National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund or the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which may be allocated only in amounts that are no more than the allocation for such purposes in subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this section. (c) The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may reallocate amounts from each agency’s Contingency Fund line in the table titled Allocation of Funds: National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund Fiscal Year 2025 to any project funded by the National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund within the same agency, from any fiscal year, that experienced a funding deficiency due to unforeseen cost overruns, in accordance with the following requirements: (1) Contingency Fund amounts may only be reallocated if there is a risk to project completion resulting from unforeseen cost overruns; (2) Contingency Fund amounts may only be reallocated for cost of adjustments and changes within the original scope of effort for projects funded by the National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund; and (3) The Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture must provide written notification to the Committees on Appropriations 30 days before taking any actions authorized by this subsection if the amount reallocated from the Contingency Fund line for a project is projected to be 10 percent or greater than the following, as applicable: (A) The amount allocated to that project in the table titled Allocation of Funds: National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund Fiscal Year 2025 in the report accompanying this Act; or (B) The initial estimate in the most recent report submitted, prior to enactment of this Act, to the Committees on Appropriations pursuant to section 430(e) of division E of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2024 ( Public Law 118–42 ). (d) (1) Concurrent with the annual budget submission of the President for fiscal year 2026, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall each submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate project data sheets for the projects in the Submission of Annual List of Projects to Congress required by section 200402(h) of title 54, United States Code: Provided, That the Submission of Annual List of Projects to Congress must include a Contingency Fund line for each agency within the allocations defined in subsection (e) of section 200402 of title 54, United States Code: Provided further, That in the event amounts allocated by this Act or any prior Act for the National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund are no longer needed to complete a specified project, such amounts may be reallocated in such submission to that agency’s Contingency Fund line: Provided further, That any proposals to change the scope of or terminate a previously approved project must be clearly identified in such submission. (2) (A) Concurrent with the annual budget submission of the President for fiscal year 2026, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall each submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a list of supplementary allocations for Federal land acquisition and Forest Legacy Projects at the National Park Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bureau of Land Management, and the U.S. Forest Service that are in addition to the Submission of Cost Estimates required by section 200303(c)(1) of title 54, United States Code, that are prioritized and detailed by account, program, and project, and that total no less than half the full amount allocated to each account for that land management Agency under the allocations submitted under section 200303(c)(1) of title 54, United States Code: Provided, That in the event amounts allocated by this Act or any prior Act pursuant to subsection (a) of section 200303 of title 54, United States Code are no longer needed because a project has been completed or can no longer be executed, such amounts must be clearly identified if proposed for reallocation in the annual budget submission. (B) The Federal land acquisition and Forest Legacy projects in the Submission of Cost Estimates required by section 200303(c)(1) of title 54, United States Code, and on the list of supplementary allocations required by subparagraph (A) shall be comprised only of projects for which a willing seller has been identified and for which an appraisal or market research has been initiated. (C) Concurrent with the annual budget submission of the President for fiscal year 2026, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall each submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate project data sheets in the same format and containing the same level of detailed information that is found on such sheets in the Budget Justifications annually submitted by the Department of the Interior with the President’s Budget for the projects in the Submission of Cost Estimates required by section 200303(c)(1) of title 54, United States Code, and in the same format and containing the same level of detailed information that is found on such sheets submitted to the Committees pursuant to section 427 of division D of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( Public Law 116–94 ) for the list of supplementary allocations required by subparagraph (A). (e) The Department of the Interior and the Department of Agriculture shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to subsection (a)(1) of this section and the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the Land and Water Conservation Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to subsection (a)(2) of this section, including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds, and, for amounts allocated pursuant to subsection (a)(1) of this section, National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration Fund amounts reallocated pursuant to subsection (c) of this section. POLICIES RELATING TO BIOMASS ENERGY 430. To support the key role that forests in the United States can play in addressing the energy needs of the United States, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Agriculture, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall, consistent with their missions, jointly— (1) ensure that Federal policy relating to forest bioenergy— (A) is consistent across all Federal departments and agencies; and (B) recognizes the full benefits of the use of forest biomass for energy, conservation, and responsible forest management; and (2) establish clear and simple policies for the use of forest biomass as an energy solution, including policies that— (A) reflect the carbon neutrality of forest bioenergy and recognize biomass as a renewable energy source, provided the use of forest biomass for energy production does not cause conversion of forests to non-forest use; (B) encourage private investment throughout the forest biomass supply chain, including in— (i) working forests; (ii) harvesting operations; (iii) forest improvement operations; (iv) forest bioenergy production; (v) wood products manufacturing; or (vi) paper manufacturing; (C) encourage forest management to improve forest health; and (D) recognize State initiatives to produce and use forest biomass. SMALL REMOTE INCINERATORS 431. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to implement or enforce the regulation issued on March 21, 2011 at 40 CFR part 60 subparts CCCC and DDDD with respect to units in the State of Alaska that are defined as small, remote incinerator units in those regulations and, until a subsequent regulation is issued, the Administrator shall implement the law and regulations in effect prior to such date. TIMBER SALE REQUIREMENTS 432. No timber sale in Alaska’s Region 10 shall be advertised if the indicated rate is deficit (defined as the value of the timber is not sufficient to cover all logging and stumpage costs and provide a normal profit and risk allowance under the Forest Service’s appraisal process) when appraised using a residual value appraisal. The western red cedar timber from those sales which is surplus to the needs of the domestic processors in Alaska, shall be made available to domestic processors in the contiguous 48 United States at prevailing domestic prices. All additional western red cedar volume not sold to Alaska or contiguous 48 United States domestic processors may be exported to foreign markets at the election of the timber sale holder. All Alaska yellow cedar may be sold at prevailing export prices at the election of the timber sale holder. TRANSFER AUTHORITY TO FEDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION FOR THE NATIONAL PARKS AND PUBLIC LAND LEGACY RESTORATION FUND 433. Funds made available or allocated in this Act to the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture that are subject to the allocations and limitations in 54 U.S.C. 200402(e) and prohibitions in 54 U.S.C. 200402(f) may be further allocated or reallocated to the Federal Highway Administration for transportation projects of the covered agencies defined in 54 U.S.C. 200401(2) . PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS 434. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act may be used to promulgate or implement any regulation requiring the issuance of permits under title V of the Clean Air Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7661 et seq. ) for carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, water vapor, or methane emissions resulting from biological processes associated with livestock production. GREENHOUSE GAS REPORTING RESTRICTIONS 435. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to implement any provision in a rule, if that provision requires mandatory reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from manure management systems. FUNDING PROHIBITION 436. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to regulate the lead content of ammunition, ammunition components, or fishing tackle under the Toxic Substances Control Act ( 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. ) or any other law. FIREFIGHTER PAY CAP 437. Section 1701 of division B of the Extending Government Funding and Delivering Emergency Assistance Act ( 5 U.S.C. 5547 note), as amended, is further amended by striking 2021 or 2022 or 2023 or 2024 each place it appears and inserting calendar years 2021 through 2025 . ALASKA NATIVE REGIONAL HEALTH ENTITIES AUTHORIZATION EXTENSION 438. Section 424(a) of title IV of division G of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 ( Public Law 113–76 ) shall be applied by substituting October 1, 2025 for December 24, 2022 . WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION FUNDING AND FOREST MANAGEMENT ACT 439. Section 104 of the Wildfire Suppression Funding and Forest Management Activities Act (division O of Public Law 115–141 ) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking 90 and inserting 180 ; and (2) in paragraph (4) of subsection (b), by inserting the following before the semi-colon: , and shall include an accounting of any spending in the first two quarters of the succeeding fiscal year that is attributable to suppression operations in the fiscal year for which the report was prepared . hunting, fishing, and recreational shooting on federal land 440. (a) None of the funds made available by this or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to prohibit the use of or access to Federal land (as such term is defined in section 3 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 ( 16 U.S.C. 6502 )) for hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting if such use or access— (1) was not prohibited on such Federal land as of January 1, 2013; and (2) was conducted in compliance with the resource management plan (as defined in section 101 of such Act ( 16 U.S.C. 6511 )) applicable to such Federal land as of January 1, 2013. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture may temporarily close, for a period not to exceed 30 days, Federal land managed by the Secretary to hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting if the Secretary determines that the temporary closure is necessary to accommodate a special event or for public safety reasons. The Secretary may extend a temporary closure for one additional 90-day period only if the Secretary determines the extension is necessary because of extraordinary weather conditions or for public safety reasons. (c) Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the authority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of the several States to manage, control, or regulate fish and resident wildlife under State law or regulations. Coastal Barrier Resources Act 441. Section 6(a) of the Coastal Barrier Resources Act ( 16 U.S.C. 3505(a) ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (7) Use of a sand source within a System unit by Federal coastal storm risk management projects or their predecessor projects that have used a System unit for sand to nourish adjacent beaches outside the System pursuant to section 5 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (commonly known as the ‘Flood Control Act of 1941’) (55 Stat. 650, chapter 377; 33 U.S.C. 701n ) at least once between December 31, 2008, and December 31, 2023, in response to an emergency situation prior to December 31, 2023. rescission of department of the interior funds 442. The unobligated balances of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available under section 50224 of Public Law 117–169 (commonly known as the “Inflation Reduction Act of 2022”) are hereby rescinded. executive order funding prohibition 443. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce Executive Order No. 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009, relating to advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government), Executive Order No. 14035 of June 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34593, relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility in the Federal workforce), or Executive Order No. 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825, relating to further advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government). Masks and Vaccine Mandates 444. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce any COVID–19 mask or vaccine mandates. limitation 445. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any program, project, or activity that promotes or advances Critical Race Theory or any concept associated with Critical Race Theory. official flags 446. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fly or display a flag over a facility of a Department or agency funded by this Act other than the flag of the United States; the flag of a State, insular area, or the District of Columbia; the flag of a Federally recognized Tribal entity; the official flag of the Secretary of the Interior; the official flag of a U.S. Department or agency; or the POW/MIA flag. Marriage 447. (a) In general.—Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) Discriminatory action defined.—As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) Accreditation; Licensure; Certification.—The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). American Climate Corps 448. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the American Climate Corps. Climate Change Executive Orders 449. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to implement any of the following executive orders: (1) Executive Order No. 13990, relating to Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science To Tackle the Climate Crisis; (2) Executive Order No. 14008, relating to Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad; (3) Section 6 of Executive Order No. 14013, relating to Rebuilding and Enhancing Programs To Resettle Refugees and Planning for the Impact of Climate Change on Migration; (4) Executive Order No. 14030, relating to Climate-Related Financial Risk; (5) Executive Order 14037, relating to Strengthening American Leadership in Clean Cars and Trucks; (6) Executive Order No. 14057, relating to Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs Through Federal Sustainability; (7) Executive Order No. 14082, relating to Implementation of the Energy and Infrastructure Provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022; and (8) Executive Order No. 14096, relating to Revitalizing Our Nation's Commitment to Environmental Justice for All. Natural assets 450. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to develop or implement guidance related to the valuation of ecosystem and environmental services and natural assets in Federal regulatory decision-making pursuant to Executive Order 14072 (87 Fed. Reg. 24851, relating to strengthening the Nation’s forests, communities, and local economies). use of mining claims for ancillary activities 451. Section 10101 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 ( 30 U.S.C. 28f ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (e) Security of tenure (1) In general (A) In general A claimant shall have the right to use, occupy, and conduct operations on public land, with or without the discovery of a valuable mineral deposit, if— (i) such claimant makes a timely payment of the location fee required by section 10102 and the claim maintenance fee required by subsection (a); or (ii) in the case of a claimant who qualifies for a waiver under subsection (d), such claimant makes a timely payment of the location fee and complies with the required assessment work under the general mining laws. (B) Operations defined For the purposes of this paragraph, the term operations means— (i) any activity or work carried out in connection with prospecting, exploration, processing, discovery and assessment, development, or extraction with respect to a locatable mineral; (ii) the reclamation of any disturbed areas; and (iii) any other reasonably incident uses, whether on a mining claim or not, including the construction and maintenance of facilities, roads, transmission lines, pipelines, and any other necessary infrastructure or means of access on public land for support facilities. (2) Fulfillment of Federal Land Policy and Management Act A claimant that fulfills the requirements of this section and section 10102 shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of any provision of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act that requires the payment of fair market value to the United States for use of public lands and resources relating to use of such lands and resources authorized by the general mining laws. (3) Savings clause Nothing in this subsection may be construed to diminish the rights of entry, use, and occupancy, or any other right, of a claimant under the general mining laws. . Public Land Order 7917 452. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enforce Public Land Order 7917 (88 Fed. Reg. 6308 (January 31, 2023)). mineral leases 453. Notwithstanding any other provision of law and not subject to further judicial review, not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act the Secretary of the Interior shall reinstate the hardrock mineral leases in the Superior National Forest in the State of Minnesota issued in 2019 and identified as MNES-01352 and MNES-01353. social cost of carbon 454. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to consider or incorporate the social cost of carbon— (1) as part of any cost-benefit analysis required or performed pursuant to— (A) any law; (B) Executive Order No. 13990 (86 Fed. Reg. 7037; relating to protecting public health and the environment and restoring science to tackle the climate crisis); (C) Executive Order No. 14094 (88 Fed. Reg. 21879; relating to modernizing regulatory review); (D) the Presidential Memorandum titled “Modernizing Regulatory Review” issued by the President on January 20, 2021; (E) any revisions to Office of Management and Budget Circular A-4 proposed or finalized under Executive Order No. 14094; or (F) “Technical Support Document: Social Cost of Carbon, Methane, and Nitrous Oxide Interim Estimates under Executive Order 13990,” published under the Interagency Working Group on the Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, in February of 2021; (2) in any rulemaking; (3) in the issuance of any guidance; (4) in taking any other agency action; or (5) as a justification for any rulemaking, guidance document, or agency action. Incorporation by reference 455. (a) The provisions of the following bills of the 118th Congress are hereby enacted into law: (1) H.R. 548 (Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act), as passed by the House of Representatives on February 6, 2023. (2) Title III of H.R. 7408 (America’s Wildlife Habitat Conservation Act) as ordered to be reported on April 16, 2024, by the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. (b) In publishing this Act in slip form and in the United States Statutes at large pursuant to section 112 of title 1, United States Code, the Archivist of the United States shall include after the date of approval at the end an appendix setting forth the text of the sections of the bills referred to in subsection (a). 456. Special base rates of pay for wildland firefighters (a) Subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5332 the following: 5332a. Special base rates of pay for wildland firefighters (a) Definitions In this section— (1) the term firefighter means an employee who— (A) is a firefighter within the meaning of section 8331(21) or section 8401(14); (B) in the case of an employee who holds a supervisory or administrative position and is subject to subchapter III of chapter 83, but who does not qualify to be considered a firefighter within the meaning of section 8331(21), would otherwise qualify if the employee had transferred directly to that position after serving as a firefighter within the meaning of that section; (C) in the case of an employee who holds a supervisory or administrative position and is subject to chapter 84, but who does not qualify to be considered a firefighter within the meaning of section 8401(14), would otherwise qualify if the employee had transferred directly to that position after performing duties described in section 8401(14)(A) for at least 3 years; or (D) in the case of an employee who is not subject to subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84, holds a position that the Office of Personnel Management determines would satisfy subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) if the employee were subject to subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84; (2) the term General Schedule base rate means an annual rate of basic pay established under section 5332 before any additions, such as a locality-based comparability payment under section 5304 or 5304a or a special rate supplement under section 5305; (3) the term special base rate means an annual rate of basic pay payable to a wildland firefighter, before any additions or reductions, that replaces the General Schedule base rate otherwise applicable to the wildland firefighter and that is administered in the same manner as a General Schedule base rate; and (4) the term wildland firefighter means a firefighter— (A) who is employed by the Forest Service or the Department of the Interior; and (B) the duties of the position of whom primarily relate to fires occurring in forests, range lands, or other wildlands, as opposed to structural fires. (b) Special base rates of pay (1) Entitlement to special rate Notwithstanding section 5332, a wildland firefighter is entitled to a special base rate at grades 1 through 15, which shall— (A) replace the otherwise applicable General Schedule base rate for the wildland firefighter; (B) be basic pay for all purposes, including the purpose of computing a locality-based comparability payment under section 5304 or 5304a; and (C) be computed as described in paragraph (2) and adjusted at the time of adjustments in the General Schedule. (2) Computation (A) In general The special base rate for a wildland firefighter shall be derived by increasing the otherwise applicable General Schedule base rate for the wildland firefighter by the following applicable percentage for the grade of the wildland firefighter and rounding the result to the nearest whole dollar: (i) For GS–1, 42 percent. (ii) For GS–2, 39 percent. (iii) For GS–3, 36 percent. (iv) For GS–4, 33 percent. (v) For GS–5, 30 percent. (vi) For GS–6, 27 percent. (vii) For GS–7, 24 percent. (viii) For GS–8, 21 percent. (ix) For GS–9, 18 percent. (x) For GS–10, 15 percent. (xi) For GS–11, 12 percent. (xii) For GS–12, 9 percent. (xiii) For GS–13, 6 percent. (xiv) For GS–14, 3 percent. (xv) For GS–15, 1.5 percent. (B) Hourly, daily, weekly, or biweekly rates When the special base rate with respect to a wildland firefighter is expressed as an hourly, daily, weekly, or biweekly rate, the special base rate shall be computed from the appropriate annual rate of basic pay derived under subparagraph (A) in accordance with the rules under section 5504(b). . (b) The table of sections for subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5332 the following: 5332a. Special base rates of pay for wildland firefighters. . (c) Section 5343 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (g) (1) For a prevailing rate employee described in section 5342(a)(2)(A) who is a wildland firefighter, as defined in section 5332a(a), the Secretary of Agriculture or the Secretary of the Interior (as applicable) shall increase the wage rates of that employee by an amount (determined at the sole and exclusive discretion of the applicable Secretary after consultation with the other Secretary) that is generally consistent with the percentage increases given to wildland firefighters in the General Schedule under section 5332a. (2) An increased wage rate under paragraph (1) shall be basic pay for the same purposes as the wage rate otherwise established under this section. (3) An increase under this subsection may not cause the wage rate of an employee to increase to a rate that would produce an annualized rate in excess of the annual rate for level IV of the Executive Schedule. . (d) The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning on or after either October 1, 2024 or the date of enactment of this Act, whichever is later. (e) Notwithstanding section 40803(d)(4)(B) of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( 16 U.S.C. 6592(d)(4)(B) ) and authority provided under the headings Wildland Fire Management – Forest Service and Wildland Fire Management – Department of the Interior in fiscal years 2024 and 2025, the salary increase in such section and under such headings shall not apply to the positions described in such section 40803(d)(4)(B) for service performed on or after the effective date described in subsection (d) of this section. 457. Wildland fire incident response premium pay (a) Subchapter V of chapter 55 of title 5, United Sates Code, is amended by inserting after section 5545b the following: 5545c. Incident response premium pay for employees engaged in wildland firefighting (a) Definitions In this section— (1) the term appropriate committees of Congress means— (A) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (B) the Committee on Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; (D) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (F) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (G) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and (H) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate; (2) the term covered employee means an employee of the Forest Service or the Department of the Interior who is— (A) a wildland firefighter, as defined in section 5332a(a); or (B) certified by the applicable agency to perform wildland fire incident-related duties during the period that employee is deployed to respond to a qualifying incident; (3) the term incident response premium pay means pay to which a covered employee is entitled under subsection (c); (4) the term prescribed fire incident means a wildland fire originating from a planned ignition in accordance with applicable laws, policies, and regulations to meet specific objectives; (5) the term qualifying incident — (A) means— (i) a wildfire incident, a prescribed fire incident, or a severity incident; or (ii) an incident that the Secretary of Agriculture or the Secretary of the Interior determines is similar in nature to an incident described in clause (i); and (B) does not include an initial response incident that is contained within 36 hours; and (6) the term severity incident means an incident in which a covered employee is pre-positioned in an area in which conditions indicate there is a high risk of wildfires. (b) Eligibility A covered employee is eligible for incident response premium pay under this section if— (1) the covered employee is deployed to respond to a qualifying incident; and (2) the deployment described in paragraph (1) is— (A) outside of the official duty station of the covered employee; or (B) within the official duty station of the covered employee and the covered employee is assigned to an incident-adjacent fire camp or other designated field location. (c) Entitlement to incident response premium pay (1) In general A covered employee who satisfies the conditions under subsection (b) is entitled to premium pay for the period in which the covered employee is deployed to respond to the applicable qualifying incident. (2) Computation (A) Formula Subject to subparagraphs (B) and (C), premium pay under paragraph (1) shall be paid to a covered employee at a daily rate of 450 percent of the hourly rate of basic pay of the covered employee for each day that the covered employee satisfies the requirements under subsection (b), rounded to the nearest whole cent. (B) Limitation Premium pay under this subsection may not be paid— (i) with respect to a covered employee for whom the annual rate of basic pay is greater than that for step 10 of GS–10, at a daily rate that exceeds the daily rate established under subparagraph (A) for step 10 of GS–10; or (ii) to a covered employee in a total amount that exceeds $9,000 in any calendar year. (C) Adjustments (i) Assessment The Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior shall assess the difference between the average total amount of compensation that was paid to covered employees, by grade, in fiscal years 2023 and 2024. (ii) Report Not later than 180 days after the date that is 1 year after the effective date of this section, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior shall jointly publish a report on the results of the assessment conducted under clause (i). (iii) Administrative actions After publishing the report required under clause (ii), the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, may, in the sole and exclusive discretion of the Secretaries acting jointly, administratively adjust the amount of premium pay paid under this subsection (or take other administrative action) to ensure that the average annual amount of total compensation paid to covered employees, by grade, is more consistent with such amount that was paid to those employees in fiscal year 2023. (iv) Congressional notification Not later than 3 days after an adjustment made, or other administrative action taken, under clause (iii) becomes final, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a notification regarding that adjustment or other administrative action, as applicable. (d) Treatment of incident response premium pay Incident response premium pay under this section— (1) is not considered part of the basic pay of a covered employee for any purpose; (2) may not be considered in determining a covered employee’s lump-sum payment for accumulated and accrued annual leave under section 5551 or section 5552; (3) may not be used in determining pay under section 8114 (relating to compensation for work injuries); (4) may not be considered in determining pay for hours of paid leave or other paid time off during which the premium pay is not payable; and (5) shall be disregarded in determining the minimum wage and overtime pay to which a covered employee is entitled under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 ( 29 U.S.C. 201 et seq. ). . (b) Subchapter V of chapter 55 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 5544— (A) by amending the section heading to read as follows: Wage-board overtime, Sunday rates, and other premium pay ; and (B) by adding at the end the following: (d) A prevailing rate employee described in section 5342(a)(2)(A) shall receive incident response premium pay under the same terms and conditions that apply to a covered employee under section 5545c if that employee— (1) is employed by the Forest Service or the Department of the Interior; and (2) (A) is a wildland firefighter, as defined in section 5332a(a); or (B) is certified by the applicable agency to perform wildland fire incident-related duties during the period the employee is deployed to respond to a qualifying incident (as defined in section 5545c(a)). ; and (2) in section 5547(a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting 5545c, after 5545a, . (c) The table of sections for subchapter V of chapter 55 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by amending the item relating to section 5544 to read as follows: 5544. Wage-board overtime, Sunday rates, and other premium pay. ; and (2) by inserting after the item relating to section 5545b the following: 5545c. Incident response premium pay for employees engaged in wildland firefighting. . (d) The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning on or after either October 1, 2024 or the date of enactment of this Act, whichever is later. water rights 458. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be obligated to require or request, as a condition of the issuance, renewal, or extension of any Forest Service or Bureau of Land Management permit, lease, allotment, easement, or other land use and occupancy, arrangement, the transfer, or relinquishment of any water right, in whole, or in part, granted under State law. Cactus Channel 459. Subject to the terms provided herein, if the Riverside County Flood Control and Water Conservation District submits to the Secretary of Agriculture, not later than 365 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a written request for the conveyance of certain National Forest System land located in the County of Riverside, California, as generally depicted on the map titled “Sunnymead Cactus Avenue Channel Proposed Land Conveyance” and dated “May 13, 2024” the Secretary shall convey to that District all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to those lands: Provided, That the exact acreage and legal description of the National Forest System land herein identified shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary: Provided further, That then conveyance shall be made by quitclaim deed and subject to existing rights and any other terms and conditions the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States: Provided further, That the District shall pay to the United States fair market value for the conveyed National Forest System land herein identified: Provided further, That the Secretary shall deposit any funds received by the United States from such conveyance in the fund established under Public Law 90–171 ( 16 U.S.C. 484a ) (commonly known as the “Sisk Act”) and such deposits shall be made available without future appropriations: Provided further, That as a condition of the conveyance, the District shall pay all costs associated with the conveyance, including the survey herein required and any environmental analysis and resource surveys required by Federal law: Provided further, That notwithstanding the requirements of Section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C, 9620(h)), with respect to the National Forest System land herein identified, the Secretary shall only be required to meet disclosure requirements for hazardous substances, pollutants, or contaminants under Section 120(h) and shall not otherwise be required to remediate or abate any hazardous substances, pollutants, or contaminants: Provided further, That if the National Forest System land herein identified is conveyed to the District, the Secretary shall not be required to contribute to the cost of any infrastructure, facilities, or improvements developed on that land after the conveyance. Limitation 460. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used for the Climate Justice Alliance. Limitation 461. None of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Smithsonian Institution by this Act may be made available for partnerships or activities associated with the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Offices. Land Withdrawals 462. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to withdraw any Federal land from any form of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws, location, entry, or patent under the general mining laws, or disposition under the mineral leasing, mineral materials, or geothermal leasing laws unless such withdrawal is authorized by an Act of Congress. FAST-41 463. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled “Revising Scope of the Mining Sector of Projects That Are Eligible for Coverage Under Title 41 of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act” (88 Fed. Reg. 65350; September 22, 2023). Privately Owned Mineral Estates 464. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to issue or revise any regulation pursuant to Section 17(o) of the Mineral Leasing Act ( 30 U.S.C. 226(o) ) relating to oil and gas development of outstanding and reserved mineral rights within the Allegheny National Forest. Appraisals 465. Section 5 of the Act of June 22, 1948 (62 Stat. 568, chapter 593; 16 U.S.C. 577g ), is amended by striking of the fair appraised value of such and inserting of the highest fair appraised value, including the historical fair appraised value, as determined by the Secretary of Agriculture in accordance with this section, of such . WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES 466. Not later than 15 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees any guidance documents relating to the implementation of the rule entitled “Revised Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’; Conforming” published by the Army Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on September 8, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 61964). PESTICIDES 467. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to issue or adopt any guidance or any policy, take any regulatory action, or approve any labeling or change to such labeling that is inconsistent with or in any respect different from the conclusion of— (a) a human health assessment performed pursuant to the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act ( 7 U.S.C. 136 et seq. ); or (b) a carcinogenicity classification for a pesticide. STEAM RULE 468. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Supplemental Effluent Limitations Guidelines and Standards for the Steam Electric Power Generating Point Source Category” published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on May 9, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 40198). SMALL OFF-ROAD ENGINE WAIVER 469. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to approve a waiver submitted to the Environmental Protection Agency by the State of California, pursuant to section 209(e) of the Clean Air Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7543(e) ), for the State of California’s amendments to its rule titled “Small Off-Road Engine Regulations: Transition to Zero Emissions”. OZONE GOOD NEIGHBOR 470. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Federal ‘Good Neighbor Plan’ for the 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards” published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on June 5, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 36654). EPA OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 471. Beginning on October 1, 2024, of the amounts made available to the Environmental Protection Agency under each of sections 60101, 60102, 60104, 60105, 60106, 60107, 60108, 60109, 60110, 60111, 60112, 60113, 60115, 60116, and 60201 of Public Law 117–169 , two-tenths of one percent of such amounts shall be transferred to the Office of the Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency for oversight of funding provided to the Environmental Protection Agency by such Public Law: Provided, That amounts so transferred shall be derived from the unobligated balances of amounts under each such section. CLEAN POWER PLAN 472. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “New Source Performance Standards for Greenhouse Gas Emissions From New, Modified, and Reconstructed Fossil Fuel-Fired Electric Generating Units; Emission Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emissions From Existing Fossil Fuel-Fired Electric Generating Units; and Repeal of the Affordable Clean Energy Rule” published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on May 9, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 39798). ETHYLENE OXIDE 473. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed interim registration review decision and draft risk assessment addendum for ethylene oxide described in the notice titled “Pesticide Registration Review; Proposed Interim Decision and Draft Risk Assessment Addendum for Ethylene Oxide; Notice of Availability” published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on April 13, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 22447) unless the Commissioner of Food and Drugs certifies that, as relevant, finalization, implementation, administration, or enforcement of such rule, decision, or addendum for ethylene oxide will not adversely impact the availability of ethylene oxide to sterilize medical products in the United States or result in the movement of any sterilization capacity of such products outside of the United States. LIGHT- AND MEDIUM-DUTY VEHICLES 474. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Multi-Pollutant Emissions Standards for Model Years 2027 and Later Light-Duty and Medium-Duty Vehicles” published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on April 18, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 27842), or any substantially similar rule. HEAVY-DUTY VEHICLES 475. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards for Heavy-Duty Vehicles-Phase 3” and published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on April 22, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 29440), or any substantially similar rule. CLEAN WATER ACT SECTION 401 476. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule of the Environmental Protection Agency, titled “Clean Water Act Section 401 Water Quality Certification Improvement Rule”, and published on September 27, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 66558). INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP ON SOCIAL COST OF GREENHOUSE GASES 477. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Interagency Working Group on the Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases. NEPA GREENHOUSE GAS GUIDANCE 478. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the notice of interim guidance titled “National Environmental Policy Act Guidance on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Climate Change” published by the Council on Environmental Quality in the Federal Register on January 9, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 1196). NEPA PHASE 1 479. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “National Environmental Policy Act Implementing Regulations Revisions” published by the Council on Environmental Quality in the Federal Register on April 20, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 23453). NEPA PHASE 2 480. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “National Environmental Policy Act Implementing Regulations Revisions Phase 2” published by the Council on Environmental Quality in the Federal Register on May 1, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 35442). OIL AND NATURAL GAS 481. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Standards of Performance for New, Reconstructed, and Modified Sources and Emissions Guidelines for Existing Sources: Oil and Natural Gas Sector Climate Review” published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on March 8, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 16820). RISK MANAGEMENT PROGRAMS 482. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Accidental Release Prevention Requirements: Risk Management Programs Under the Clean Air Act; Safer Communities by Chemical Accident Prevention” published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on March 11, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 17622). GHG REPORTING 483. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule: Revisions and Confidentiality Determinations for Petroleum and Natural Gas Systems” published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on May 14, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 42062). MEAT AND POULTRY PRODUCTS 484. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled “Clean Water Act Effluent Limitations Guidelines and Standards for the Meat and Poultry Products Point Source Category” published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on January 23, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 4474). DISPOSAL OF COAL COMBUSTION RESIDUALS 485. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “Hazardous and Solid Waste Management System: Disposal of Coal Combustion Residuals From Electric Utilities; Legacy CCR Surface Impoundments” published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on May 8, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 38950). AERIALLY APPLIED FIRE RETARDANT 486. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to ban the use of aerially applied fire retardant. CALIFORNIA RCRA ACTION 487. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement a regulation issued by the State of California, pursuant to the authority provided under the 2009 Memorandum of Agreement between the California Department of Toxic Substances Control and Region IX of the Environmental Protection Agency (or any successor agreement), that classifies metal shredding facilities as hazardous waste treatment facilities. REPORT ON CELLULOSIC BIOFUELS 488. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate a report outlining a plan to qualify any fuel derived from waste plastic or waste tires as cellulosic biofuel under section 211(o) of the Clean Air Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7545(o) ). (b) In preparing the report described in subsection (a), the Administrator shall consult with relevant stakeholders and incorporate into such report any input from such stakeholders that the Administrator determines appropriate. GOOD NEIGHBOR AUTHORITY 489. (a) Section 8206(b)(2)(C)(ii) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 ( 16 U.S.C. 2113a ) is amended by striking “2024” and inserting “2025”. (b) Notwithstanding the amendment made by subsection (a), the authorities provided by title III of the America’s Wildlife Habitat Conservation Act (as enacted by section 455 of this Act), and the terms and conditions of such Act, shall apply to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. METHANE FEE 490. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to develop, propose, finalize, implement, or enforce regulations implementing subsection (c) of section 136 of the Clean Air Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7436 ); or (2) otherwise impose, collect, or enforce a charge on methane emissions under such section 136. LIMITATION 491. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled “National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants: Coal- and Oil-Fired Electric Utility Steam Generating Units Review of the Residual Risk and Technology Review” published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on May 7, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 38508). STATE PERMIT PROGRAM 492. The notice of the Environmental Protection Agency approving the State of Florida's request to carry out a permit program for the discharge of dredged or fill material pursuant to section 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1344 ), published on December 22, 2020, and titled “EPA's Approval of Florida's Clean Water Act Section 404 Assumption Request” (85 Fed. Reg. 83553) shall have the force and effect of law. IRIS 493. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to develop, finalize, issue, or use assessments under the Integrated Risk Information System (IRIS). UPPER COLUMBIA RIVER 494. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to finalize, implement, or administer the addition of the Upper Columbia River, Washington site under the General Superfund Section of the proposed rule entitled “National Priorities List” and published by the Environmental Protection Agency on March 7, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 16502). OLD-GROWTH 495. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the environmental impact statement entitled ‘‘EIS No. 20240110, Draft, USFS, NAT, Land Management Plan Direction for Old-Growth Forest Conditions Across the National Forest System’’ published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on June 21, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 52039) or any substantially similar environmental impact statement; or (2) carry out any proposed action included in such environmental impact statement (or notice relating to such environmental impact statement) or any substantially similar action. NAAQS RULE 496. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Reconsideration of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Particulate Matter’’ and published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on March 6, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 16202). 497. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the establishment of a national monument in Malheur County, Oregon, under chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Antiquities Act of 1906 ). 498. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for a Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility (DEIA) Council at the Department of the Interior. 499. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the Bicycle Subsidy Benefit Program of the Department of the Interior. 500. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the draft resource management plan and supplemental environmental impact statement referred to in the notice of availability titled Notice of Availability of the Draft Resource Management Plan and Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement for the Colorado River Valley Field Office and Grand Junction Field Office Resource Management Plans, Colorado (88 Fed. Reg. 51855 (August 4, 2023)). 501. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the establishment of a national monument in Montrose County, Colorado; Mesa County, Colorado; Monezuma County, Colorado; San Juan County, Colorado; or Dolores County, Colorado, under chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Antiquities Act of 1906 ). 502. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce any major rule under subparagraph (A) of section 804(2) of title 5, United States Code. 503. None of the funds made available by this Act for payments to States and federally recognized Indian Tribes for reclamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities under the heading Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement—Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund may be used to implement, administer, or enforce section 200.311 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations. 504. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the draft programmatic environmental impact statement referred to in the notice of availability titled Notice of Availability of the Draft Programmatic Environmental Impact Statement for Utility-Scale Solar Energy Development and Notice of Public Meetings (89 Fed. Reg. 3687 (January 19, 2024)). 505. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the draft resource management plan referred to in the notice of availability titled Notice of Availability of the Draft Resource Management Plan and Environmental Impact Statement for the Rock Springs RMP Revision, Wyoming (88 Fed. Reg. 56654 (August 18, 2023)). 506. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the following: (1) The proposed resource management plan amendment and final supplemental environmental impact statement referred to in the notice of availability titled Notice of Availability of the Proposed Resource Management Plan Amendment and Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement for the Buffalo Field Office, Wyoming (89 Fed. Reg. 43431 (May 17, 2024)). (2) The proposed resource management plan amendment and final supplemental environmental impact statement referred to in the notice of availability titled Notice of Availability of the Proposed Resource Management Plan Amendment and Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement for the Miles City Field Office, Montana (89 Fed. Reg. 43432 (May 17, 2024)). 507. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to designate the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, or any portion thereof, as a national monument under chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Antiquities Act of 1906 ). SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT 508. $0 509. Guadalupe Fatmucket, Texas Fatmucket, Guadalupe Orb, Texas Pimpleback, Balcones Spike, False Spike, and Texas Fawnsfoot None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status With Critical Habitat for Guadalupe Fatmucket, Texas Fatmucket, Guadalupe Orb, Texas Pimpleback, Balcones Spike, and False Spike, and Threatened Species Status With Section 4(d) Rule and Critical Habitat for Texas Fawnsfoot (89 Fed. Reg. 48034; published June 4, 2024). 510. Muleshoe National Wildlife Refuge Land Protection Plan None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the Land Protection Plan described in the document published by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service titled Final Land Protection PlanEnvironmental Assessment Muleshoe National Wildlife Refuge (February 2023). 511. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Smithsonian Institution for any drag show performance. 512. Fluid mineral leases None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled Fluid Mineral Leases and Leasing Process (89 Fed. Reg. 30916; published April 23, 2024). 513. The salary of Deb Haaland, Secretary of the Interior, shall be reduced to $1. 514. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Indian Health Service to provide gender-transition services or gender-affirming care. 515. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for establishing or operating an Office of Agriculture and Rural Affairs in the Environmental Protection Agency. 516. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule titled Determinations of Attainment by the Attainment Date, Extensions of the Attainment Date, and Reclassification of Areas Classified as Marginal for the 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on October 7, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 60897) with respect to— (1) Allegan County, Michigan; (2) Berrien County, Michigan; or (3) Muskegon County, Michigan. 517. Texas kangaroo rat None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule titled Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Texas Kangaroo Rat and Designation of Critical Habitat (88 Fed. Reg. 55962; published August 17, 2023). 518. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to the Environmental Protection Agency's Justice, Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Workgroup. 519. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or enforce the final rule titled Control of Air Pollution From New Motor Vehicles: Heavy-Duty Engine and Vehicle Standards published in the Federal Register by the Environmental Protection Agency on January 24, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 4296). 520. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to approve a waiver, pursuant to section 209(e) of the Clean Air Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7543(e) ), for the In-Use Locomotive Regulation adopted by the California Air Resources Board on April 27, 2023. 521. Mineral Leasing Act modernization None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce section 50262 of Public Law 117–169 (commonly known as the Inflation Reduction Act ). 522. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Environmental Financial Advisory Board of the Environmental Protection Agency. 523. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency for the U.S. Global Change Research Program (USGCRP). 524. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to carry out the powers granted under section 3063 of title 18, United States Code. 525. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for any diversity, equity, and inclusion program or office. 526. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule entitled National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants: Lime Manufacturing Plants Technology Review published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on July 16, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 57738). 527. No designation of Permian Basin as nonattainment for ozone None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to designate or redesignate the Permian Basin (or any portion thereof) as nonattainment for ozone under section 107(d) of the Clean Air Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7407(d) ). 528. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to expand the area designated as the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness by section 3 of Public Law 95–495 . 529. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out Executive Order 14019 (863 Fed. Reg. 13623; relating to promoting access to voting), except for sections 7, 8, and 10 of such Order. 530. Environmental justice activities None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for environmental justice activities. This Act may be cited as the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 . Passed the House of Representatives July 24, 2024. Kevin F. McCumber, Clerk. September 12, 2024 Read twice and placed on the calendar

118 HR 9026 RH: Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 U.S. House of Representatives text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IB Union Calendar No. 482 118th CONGRESS 2D Session H. R. 9026 Report No. 118–582 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES July 11, 2024 Mr. Rogers , from the Committee on Appropriations , reported the following bill; which was committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed A BILL Making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes, namely: I DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE International trade administration OPERATIONS AND ADMINISTRATION For necessary expenses for international trade activities of the Department of Commerce provided for by law, to carry out activities associated with facilitating, attracting, and retaining business investment in the United States, to carry out activities associated with title VI of division BB of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 ( Public Law 117–328 ), and for engaging in trade promotional activities abroad, including expenses of grants and cooperative agreements for the purpose of promoting exports of United States firms, without regard to sections 3702 and 3703 of title 44, United States Code; full medical coverage for dependent members of immediate families of employees stationed overseas and employees temporarily posted overseas; travel and transportation of employees of the International Trade Administration between two points abroad, without regard to section 40118 of title 49, United States Code; employment of citizens of the United States and aliens by contract for services; recognizing contributions to export expansion pursuant to Executive Order 10978; rental of space abroad for periods not exceeding 10 years, and expenses of alteration, repair, or improvement; purchase or construction of temporary demountable exhibition structures for use abroad; payment of tort claims, in the manner authorized in the first paragraph of section 2672 of title 28, United States Code, when such claims arise in foreign countries; not to exceed $294,300 for official representation expenses abroad; purchase of passenger motor vehicles for official use abroad, not to exceed $45,000 per vehicle; not to exceed $325,000 for purchase of armored vehicles without regard to the general purchase price limitations; obtaining insurance on official motor vehicles; and rental of tie lines, $570,000,000, of which $85,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That $12,000,000 is to be derived from fees to be retained and used by the International Trade Administration, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That, of amounts provided under this heading, not less than $16,400,000 shall be for China antidumping and countervailing duty enforcement and compliance activities: Provided further, That the provisions of the first sentence of section 105(f) and all of section 108(c) of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2455(f) and 2458(c)) shall apply in carrying out these activities; and that for the purpose of this Act, contributions under the provisions of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 shall include payment for assessments for services provided as part of these activities. Bureau of industry and security OPERATIONS AND ADMINISTRATION For necessary expenses for export administration and national security activities of the Department of Commerce, including costs associated with the performance of export administration field activities both domestically and abroad; full medical coverage for dependent members of immediate families of employees stationed overseas; employment of citizens of the United States and aliens by contract for services abroad; payment of tort claims, in the manner authorized in the first paragraph of section 2672 of title 28, United States Code, when such claims arise in foreign countries; not to exceed $13,500 for official representation expenses abroad; awards of compensation to informers under the Export Control Reform Act of 2018 (subtitle B of title XVII of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019; Public Law 115–232 ; 132 Stat. 2208; 50 U.S.C. 4801 et seq. ), and as authorized by section 1(b) of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 223; 22 U.S.C. 401(b) ); and purchase of passenger motor vehicles for official use and motor vehicles for law enforcement use with special requirement vehicles eligible for purchase without regard to any price limitation otherwise established by law, $186,683,000, of which $76,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That the provisions of the first sentence of section 105(f) and all of section 108(c) of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2455(f) and 2458(c)) shall apply in carrying out these activities: Provided further, That payments and contributions collected and accepted for materials or services provided as part of such activities may be retained for use in covering the cost of such activities, and for providing information to the public with respect to the export administration and national security activities of the Department of Commerce and other export control programs of the United States and other governments. Economic development administration ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS For grants for economic development assistance as provided by the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965, and for grants authorized by sections 27, 28, and 29 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 ( 15 U.S.C. 3722 , 3722a, and 3723), as amended, $256,500,000 to remain available until expended, of which $50,000,000 shall be for grants under section 27, $41,000,000 shall be for grants under section 28, and $41,000,000 shall be for grants under section 29: Provided, That any deviation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the report accompanying this Act, or any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this heading in previous years, shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act. SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of administering the economic development assistance programs as provided for by law, $68,000,000: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be used to monitor projects approved pursuant to title I of the Public Works Employment Act of 1976; title II of the Trade Act of 1974; sections 27 through 30 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 ( 15 U.S.C. 3722–3723 ), as amended; and the Community Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1977. Minority business development agency MINORITY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses of the Minority Business Development Agency in fostering, promoting, and developing minority business enterprises, as authorized by law, $55,000,000. Economic and statistical analysis SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses, as authorized by law, of economic and statistical analysis programs of the Department of Commerce, $116,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. Bureau of the census CURRENT SURVEYS AND PROGRAMS For necessary expenses for collecting, compiling, analyzing, preparing, and publishing statistics, provided for by law, $300,000,000: Provided, That, from amounts provided herein, funds may be used for promotion, outreach, and marketing activities. PERIODIC CENSUSES AND PROGRAMS For necessary expenses for collecting, compiling, analyzing, preparing, and publishing statistics for periodic censuses and programs provided for by law, $1,054,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That, from amounts provided herein, funds may be used for promotion, outreach, and marketing activities. National telecommunications and information administration SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses, as provided for by law, of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), $55,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1535(d) , the Secretary of Commerce shall charge Federal agencies for costs incurred in spectrum management, analysis, operations, and related services, and such fees shall be retained and used as offsetting collections for costs of such spectrum services, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Secretary of Commerce is authorized to retain and use as offsetting collections all funds transferred, or previously transferred, from other Government agencies for all costs incurred in telecommunications research, engineering, and related activities by the Institute for Telecommunication Sciences of NTIA, in furtherance of its assigned functions under this paragraph, and such funds received from other Government agencies shall remain available until expended. PUBLIC TELECOMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES, PLANNING AND CONSTRUCTION For the administration of prior-year grants, recoveries and unobligated balances of funds previously appropriated are available for the administration of all open grants until their expiration. FACILITIES MANAGEMENT AND CONSTRUCTION For necessary expenses for the design, construction, alteration, improvement, maintenance, and repair of buildings and facilities managed by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, not otherwise provided for, $1,500,000, to remain available until expended. United states patent and trademark office SALARIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) provided for by law, including defense of suits instituted against the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO, $4,554,940,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as offsetting collections of fees and surcharges assessed and collected by the USPTO under any law are received during fiscal year 2025, so as to result in a fiscal year 2025 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $0: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2025, should the total amount of such offsetting collections be less than $4,554,940,000, this amount shall be reduced accordingly: Provided further, That any amount received in excess of $4,554,940,000 in fiscal year 2025 and deposited in the Patent and Trademark Fee Reserve Fund shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Director of USPTO shall submit a spending plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for any amounts made available by the preceding proviso and such spending plan shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That any amounts reprogrammed in accordance with the preceding proviso shall be transferred to the United States Patent and Trademark Office Salaries and Expenses account: Provided further, That the budget of the President submitted for fiscal year 2026 under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include within amounts provided under this heading for necessary expenses of the USPTO any increases that are expected to result from an increase promulgated through rule or regulation in offsetting collections of fees and surcharges assessed and collected by the USPTO under any law in either fiscal year 2025 or fiscal year 2026: Provided further, That from amounts provided herein, not to exceed $13,500 shall be made available in fiscal year 2025 for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2025 from the amounts made available for Salaries and Expenses for the USPTO, the amounts necessary to pay (1) the difference between the percentage of basic pay contributed by the USPTO and employees under section 8334(a) of title 5, United States Code, and the normal cost percentage (as defined by section 8331(17) of that title) as provided by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) for USPTO's specific use, of basic pay, of employees subject to subchapter III of chapter 83 of that title, and (2) the present value of the otherwise unfunded accruing costs, as determined by OPM for USPTO's specific use of post-retirement life insurance and post-retirement health benefits coverage for all USPTO employees who are enrolled in Federal Employees Health Benefits (FEHB) and Federal Employees Group Life Insurance (FEGLI), shall be transferred to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund, the FEGLI Fund, and the Employees FEHB Fund, as appropriate, and shall be available for the authorized purposes of those accounts: Provided further, That any differences between the present value factors published in OPM's yearly 300 series benefit letters and the factors that OPM provides for USPTO's specific use shall be recognized as an imputed cost on USPTO's financial statements, where applicable: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, all fees and surcharges assessed and collected by USPTO are available for USPTO only pursuant to section 42(c) of title 35, United States Code, as amended by section 22 of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act ( Public Law 112–29 ): Provided further, That within the amounts appropriated, $2,450,000 shall be transferred to the Office of Inspector General account for activities associated with carrying out investigations and audits related to the USPTO. National institute of standards and technology SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL RESEARCH AND SERVICES (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), $1,003,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $9,000,000 may be transferred to the Working Capital Fund : Provided, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $245,722,000 shall be for scientific and technical research projects, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified for DOC NIST–STRS in the table entitled Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That the amounts made available for the projects referenced in the preceding proviso may not be transferred for any other purpose: Provided further, That not to exceed $5,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That NIST may provide local transportation for summer undergraduate research fellowship program participants. INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY SERVICES For necessary expenses for industrial technology services, $212,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $175,000,000 shall be for the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, and of which $37,000,000 shall be for the Manufacturing USA Program. CONSTRUCTION OF RESEARCH FACILITIES For construction of new research facilities, including architectural and engineering design, and for renovation and maintenance of existing facilities, not otherwise provided for the National Institute of Standards and Technology, as authorized by sections 13 through 15 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act ( 15 U.S.C. 278c–278e ), $200,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary of Commerce shall include in the budget justification materials for fiscal year 2026 that the Secretary submits to Congress in support of the Department of Commerce budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) an estimate for each National Institute of Standards and Technology construction project having a total multi-year program cost of more than $5,000,000, and simultaneously the budget justification materials shall include an estimate of the budgetary requirements for each such project for each of the 5 subsequent fiscal years. National oceanic and atmospheric administration OPERATIONS, RESEARCH, AND FACILITIES (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of activities authorized by law for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), including maintenance, operation, and hire of aircraft and vessels; pilot programs for State-led fisheries management, notwithstanding any other provision of law; grants, contracts, or other payments to nonprofit organizations for the purposes of conducting activities pursuant to cooperative agreements; and relocation of facilities, $4,210,951,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided , That fees and donations received by the National Ocean Service for the management of national marine sanctuaries may be retained and used for the salaries and expenses associated with those activities, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That in addition, $377,363,000 shall be derived by transfer from the fund entitled Promote and Develop Fishery Products and Research Pertaining to American Fisheries , which shall only be used for fishery activities related to the Saltonstall-Kennedy Grant Program; Fisheries Data Collections, Surveys, and Assessments; Observers and Training; Fisheries Management Programs and Services; and Interjurisdictional Fisheries Grants: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,000,000 shall be for payment to the Department of Commerce Working Capital Fund : Provided further, That of the $4,611,314,000 provided for in direct obligations under this heading, $4,210,951,000 is appropriated from the general fund, $377,363,000 is provided by transfer, and $23,000,000 is derived from recoveries of prior year obligations: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $67,523,000 shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified for NOAA–CZM in the table entitled Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That the amounts made available for the projects referenced in the preceding proviso may not be transferred for any other purpose: Provided further, That any deviation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the report accompanying this Act, or any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this heading in previous years, shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That in addition, for necessary retired pay expenses under the Retired Serviceman's Family Protection and Survivor Benefits Plan, and for payments for the medical care of retired personnel and their dependents under the Dependents' Medical Care Act (10 U.S.C. ch. 55), such sums as may be necessary. PROCUREMENT, ACQUISITION AND CONSTRUCTION For procurement, acquisition and construction of capital assets, including alteration and modification costs, of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, $1,378,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027, except that funds provided for acquisition and construction of vessels and aircraft, and construction of facilities shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the $1,390,200,000 provided for in direct obligations under this heading, $1,378,200,000 is appropriated from the general fund, and $12,000,000 is provided from recoveries of prior year obligations: Provided further, That any deviation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the report, or any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this heading in previous years, shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary of Commerce shall include in budget justification materials for fiscal year 2026 that the Secretary submits to Congress in support of the Department of Commerce budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) an estimate for each National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration procurement, acquisition or construction project having a total of more than $5,000,000 and simultaneously the budget justification shall include an estimate of the budgetary requirements for each such project for each of the 5 subsequent fiscal years. PACIFIC COASTAL SALMON RECOVERY For necessary expenses associated with the restoration of Pacific salmon populations, $65,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That, of the funds provided herein, the Secretary of Commerce may issue grants to the States of Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Nevada, California, and Alaska, and to the federally recognized Tribes of the Columbia River and Pacific Coast (including Alaska), for projects necessary for conservation of salmon and steelhead populations that are listed as threatened or endangered, or that are identified by a State as at-risk to be so listed, for maintaining populations necessary for exercise of Tribal treaty fishing rights or native subsistence fishing, or for conservation of Pacific coastal salmon and steelhead habitat, based on guidelines to be developed by the Secretary of Commerce: Provided further, That all funds shall be allocated based on scientific and other merit principles and shall not be available for marketing activities: Provided further, That funds disbursed to States shall be subject to a matching requirement of funds or documented in-kind contributions of at least 33 percent of the Federal funds. FISHERIES DISASTER ASSISTANCE For necessary expenses of administering the fishery disaster assistance programs authorized by the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act ( Public Law 94–265 ) and the Interjurisdictional Fisheries Act (title III of Public Law 99–659 ), $300,000. FISHERMEN'S CONTINGENCY FUND For carrying out the provisions of title IV of Public Law 95–372 , not to exceed $349,000, to be derived from receipts collected pursuant to that Act, to remain available until expended. FISHERIES FINANCE PROGRAM ACCOUNT Subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2025, obligations of direct loans may not exceed $24,000,000 for Individual Fishing Quota loans and not to exceed $150,000,000 for traditional direct loans as authorized by the Merchant Marine Act of 1936. RECREATIONAL QUOTA ENTITY FUND For carrying out the provisions of section 106 of the Driftnet Modernization and Bycatch Reduction Act (title I of division S of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 ( Public Law 117–328 )), the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration may assess and collect fees pursuant to such section, which shall be credited to this account, to remain available until expended, for the purposes specified in subsection (b) of such section, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes. Departmental management SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses for the management of the Department of Commerce provided for by law, including not to exceed $4,500 for official reception and representation, $90,000,000: Provided, That no employee of the Department of Commerce may be detailed or assigned from a bureau or office funded by this Act or any other Act to offices within the Office of the Secretary of the Department of Commerce for more than 180 days in a fiscal year unless the individual's employing bureau or office is fully reimbursed for the salary and expenses of the employee for the entire period of assignment using funds provided under this heading: Provided further, That amounts made available to the Department of Commerce in this or any prior Act may not be transferred pursuant to section 508 of this or any prior Act to the account funded under this heading, except in the case of extraordinary circumstances that threaten life or property. RENOVATION AND MODERNIZATION For necessary expenses for the renovation and modernization of the Herbert C. Hoover Building, $1,142,000. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $48,000,000. General provisions—Department of commerce (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 101. During the current fiscal year, applicable appropriations and funds made available to the Department of Commerce by this Act shall be available for the activities specified in the Act of October 26, 1949 ( 15 U.S.C. 1514 ), to the extent and in the manner prescribed by the Act, and, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3324 , may be used for advanced payments not otherwise authorized only upon the certification of officials designated by the Secretary of Commerce that such payments are in the public interest. 102. During the current fiscal year, appropriations made available to the Department of Commerce by this Act for salaries and expenses shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 ; and uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law ( 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902 ). 103. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Commerce in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That the Secretary of Commerce shall notify the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days in advance of the acquisition or disposal of any capital asset (including land, structures, and equipment) not specifically provided for in this Act or any other law appropriating funds for the Department of Commerce. 104. The requirements set forth by section 105 of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2012 ( Public Law 112–55 ), as amended by section 105 of title I of division B of Public Law 113–6 , are hereby adopted by reference and made applicable with respect to fiscal year 2025: Provided, That the life cycle cost for the Joint Polar Satellite System is $11,322,125,000, the life cycle cost of the Polar Follow On Program is $6,837,900,000, the life cycle cost for the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite R-Series Program is $11,700,100,000, and the life cycle cost for the Space Weather Follow On Program is $692,800,000. 105. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Commerce may furnish services (including but not limited to utilities, telecommunications, and security services) necessary to support the operation, maintenance, and improvement of space that persons, firms, or organizations are authorized, pursuant to the Public Buildings Cooperative Use Act of 1976 or other authority, to use or occupy in the Herbert C. Hoover Building, Washington, DC, or other buildings, the maintenance, operation, and protection of which has been delegated to the Secretary from the Administrator of General Services pursuant to the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 on a reimbursable or non-reimbursable basis. Amounts received as reimbursement for services provided under this section or the authority under which the use or occupancy of the space is authorized, up to $200,000, shall be credited to the appropriation or fund which initially bears the costs of such services. 106. Nothing in this title shall be construed to prevent a grant recipient from deterring child pornography, copyright infringement, or any other unlawful activity over its networks. 107. The Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is authorized to use, with their consent, with reimbursement and subject to the limits of available appropriations, the land, services, equipment, personnel, and facilities of any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States, or of any State, local government, Indian Tribal government, Territory, or possession, or of any political subdivision thereof, or of any foreign government or international organization, for purposes related to carrying out the responsibilities of any statute administered by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 108. The National Technical Information Service shall not charge any customer for a copy of any report or document generated by the Legislative Branch unless the Service has provided information to the customer on how an electronic copy of such report or document may be accessed and downloaded for free online. Should a customer still require the Service to provide a printed or digital copy of the report or document, the charge shall be limited to recovering the Service's cost of processing, reproducing, and delivering such report or document. 109. To carry out the responsibilities of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), the Administrator of NOAA is authorized to: (1) enter into grants and cooperative agreements with; (2) use on a non-reimbursable basis land, services, equipment, personnel, and facilities provided by; and (3) receive and expend funds made available on a consensual basis from: a Federal agency, State or subdivision thereof, local government, Tribal government, Territory, or possession or any subdivisions thereof: Provided, That funds received for permitting and related regulatory activities pursuant to this section shall be deposited under the heading National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration—Operations, Research, and Facilities and shall remain available until September 30, 2026, for such purposes: Provided further, That all funds within this section and their corresponding uses are subject to section 505 of this Act. 110. Amounts provided by this Act or by any prior appropriations Act that remain available for obligation, for necessary expenses of the programs of the Economics and Statistics Administration of the Department of Commerce, including amounts provided for programs of the Bureau of Economic Analysis and the Bureau of the Census, shall be available for expenses of cooperative agreements with appropriate entities, including any Federal, State, or local governmental unit, or institution of higher education, to aid and promote statistical, research, and methodology activities which further the purposes for which such amounts have been made available. 111. Any unobligated balances of expired discretionary funds transferred to the Department of Commerce Nonrecurring Expenses Fund, as authorized by section 111 of title I of division B of Public Law 116–93 , may be obligated only after the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of the planned use of funds. 112. The Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, in consultation with the employees of the National Weather Service and non-governmental experts in personnel management, may establish an alternative or fixed rate for relocation allowance, including permanent change of station allowance, notwithstanding the provisions of 5 U.S.C. 5724 and the regulations prescribed under 5 U.S.C. 5738 . This title may be cited as the Department of Commerce Appropriations Act, 2025 . II DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE Justice operations, management, and accountability SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the operations, management, and accountability of the Department of Justice, $113,000,000, of which $4,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, and of which not to exceed $4,000,000 for security and construction of Department of Justice facilities shall remain available until expended. JUSTICE INFORMATION SHARING TECHNOLOGY (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses for information sharing technology, including planning, development, deployment and departmental direction, $38,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Attorney General may transfer up to $40,000,000 to this account, from funds available to the Department of Justice for information technology, to remain available until expended, for enterprise-wide information technology initiatives: Provided further, That the transfer authority in the preceding proviso is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the first proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. Executive office for immigration review (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For expenses necessary for the administration of immigration-related activities of the Executive Office for Immigration Review, $760,000,000, of which $4,000,000 shall be derived by transfer from the Executive Office for Immigration Review fees deposited in the Immigration Examinations Fee account: Provided , That the Executive Office for Immigration Review shall implement case performance metrics that are linked to performance evaluations for individual immigration judges. Office of inspector general For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $144,000,000, including not to exceed $10,000 to meet unforeseen emergencies of a confidential character: Provided, That not to exceed $4,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026. United states parole commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the United States Parole Commission as authorized, $14,000,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon the expiration of a term of office of a Commissioner, the Commissioner may continue to act until a successor has been appointed. Legal activities SALARIES AND EXPENSES, GENERAL LEGAL ACTIVITIES (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For expenses necessary for the legal activities of the Department of Justice, not otherwise provided for, including not to exceed $20,000 for expenses of collecting evidence, to be expended under the direction of, and to be accounted for solely under the certificate of, the Attorney General; the administration of pardon and clemency petitions; and rent of private or Government-owned space in the District of Columbia, $988,500,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 for litigation support contracts and information technology projects, including cybersecurity and hardening of critical networks, shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount provided for INTERPOL Washington dues payments, not to exceed $685,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, not to exceed $3,000 shall be available to INTERPOL Washington for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, not to exceed $3,000 shall be available to the Criminal Division for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for litigation activities of the Civil Division, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to Salaries and Expenses, General Legal Activities from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated, such sums as may be necessary shall be available to the Civil Rights Division for salaries and expenses associated with the election monitoring program under section 8 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 ( 52 U.S.C. 10305 ) and to reimburse the Office of Personnel Management for such salaries and expenses: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading for the election monitoring program, $3,390,000 shall remain available until expended. In addition, for reimbursement of expenses of the Department of Justice associated with processing cases under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986, $31,738,000, to be appropriated from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund and to remain available until expended. SALARIES AND EXPENSES, ANTITRUST DIVISION For expenses necessary for the enforcement of antitrust and kindred laws, $192,776,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $192,776,000 to be derived from fees collected for premerger notification filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 ( 15 U.S.C. 18a ), regardless of the year of collection, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2025, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $0: Provided further , That, notwithstanding section 605 of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1990 ( 15 U.S.C. 18a note), none of the funds credited to this account as offsetting collections during the current fiscal year shall become available for obligation in any fiscal year except as provided in the preceding two provisos or as provided in a subsequent appropriations Act. SALARIES AND EXPENSES, UNITED STATES ATTORNEYS For necessary expenses of the Offices of the United States Attorneys, including inter-governmental and cooperative agreements, $2,312,000,000: Provided, That of the total amount appropriated, not to exceed $5,600 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $40,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That each United States Attorney shall establish or participate in a task force on human trafficking. UNITED STATES TRUSTEE SYSTEM FUND For necessary expenses of the United States Trustee Program, as authorized, $245,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, deposits of discretionary offsetting collections to the United States Trustee System Fund and amounts herein appropriated shall be available in such amounts as may be necessary to pay refunds due depositors: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, fees deposited into the Fund as discretionary offsetting collections pursuant to section 589a of title 28, United States Code (as limited by section 589a(f)(2) of title 28, United States Code), shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That to the extent that fees deposited into the Fund as discretionary offsetting collections in fiscal year 2025, net of amounts necessary to pay refunds due depositors, exceed $245,000,000, those excess amounts shall be available in future fiscal years only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced (1) as such fees are received during fiscal year 2025, net of amounts necessary to pay refunds due depositors, (estimated at $245,000,000) and (2) to the extent that any remaining general fund appropriations can be derived from amounts deposited in the Fund as discretionary offsetting collections in previous fiscal years that are not otherwise appropriated, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $0. SALARIES AND EXPENSES, FOREIGN CLAIMS SETTLEMENT COMMISSION For expenses necessary to carry out the activities of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $2,504,000. FEES AND EXPENSES OF WITNESSES For fees and expenses of witnesses, for expenses of contracts for the procurement and supervision of expert witnesses, for private counsel expenses, including advances, and for expenses of foreign counsel, $320,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $16,000,000 is for construction of buildings for protected witness safesites; not to exceed $3,000,000 is for the purchase and maintenance of armored and other vehicles for witness security caravans; and not to exceed $35,000,000 is for the purchase, installation, maintenance, and upgrade of secure telecommunications equipment and a secure automated information network to store and retrieve the identities and locations of protected witnesses: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may not be transferred pursuant to section 205 of this Act. ASSETS FORFEITURE FUND For expenses authorized by subparagraphs (B), (F), and (G) of section 524(c)(1) of title 28, United States Code, $20,514,000, to be derived from the Department of Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund. United states marshals service SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the United States Marshals Service, $1,715,700,000, of which not to exceed $20,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses, and not to exceed $25,000,000 shall remain available until expended. CONSTRUCTION For construction in space that is controlled, occupied, or utilized by the United States Marshals Service for prisoner holding and related support, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended. FEDERAL PRISONER DETENTION For necessary expenses related to United States prisoners in the custody of the United States Marshals Service as authorized by section 4013 of title 18, United States Code, $2,125,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That not to exceed $20,000,000 shall be considered funds appropriated for State and local law enforcement assistance pursuant to section 4013(b) of title 18, United States Code: Provided further, That the United States Marshals Service shall be responsible for managing the Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System. National security division SALARIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For expenses necessary to carry out the activities of the National Security Division, $120,681,000, of which not to exceed $5,000,000 for information technology systems shall remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for the activities of the National Security Division, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to this heading from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. Interagency law enforcement ORGANIZED CRIME DRUG ENFORCEMENT TASK FORCES For necessary expenses for the identification, investigation, and prosecution of individuals associated with the most significant drug trafficking organizations, transnational organized crime, and money laundering organizations not otherwise provided for, to include inter-governmental agreements with State and local law enforcement agencies engaged in the investigation and prosecution of individuals involved in transnational organized crime and drug trafficking, $547,000,000, of which $50,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That any amounts obligated from appropriations under this heading may be used under authorities available to the organizations reimbursed from this appropriation. Federal bureau of investigation SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for detection, investigation, and prosecution of crimes against the United States, $10,276,000,000, of which not to exceed $216,900,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. CONSTRUCTION For necessary expenses, to include the cost of equipment, furniture, and information technology requirements, related to construction or acquisition of buildings, facilities, and sites by purchase, or as otherwise authorized by law; conversion, modification, and extension of federally owned buildings; preliminary planning and design of projects; and operation and maintenance of secure work environment facilities and secure networking capabilities; $30,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount shall be used for a second DNA laboratory: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, unobligated balances from prior year appropriations made available under Federal Bureau of Investigation, Construction, for a new headquarters, may only be used to sustain use of the Federal Bureau of Investigation J. Edgar Hoover headquarters building. Drug enforcement administration SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Drug Enforcement Administration, including not to exceed $70,000 to meet unforeseen emergencies of a confidential character pursuant to section 530C of title 28, United States Code; and expenses for conducting drug education and training programs, including travel and related expenses for participants in such programs and the distribution of items of token value that promote the goals of such programs, $2,760,924,000, of which not to exceed $75,000,000 shall remain available until expended and not to exceed $20,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided , That, notwithstanding section 3672 of Public Law 106–310 , up to $10,000,000 may be used to reimburse States, units of local government, Indian Tribal Governments, other public entities, and multi-jurisdictional or regional consortia thereof for expenses incurred to clean up and safely dispose of substances associated with clandestine methamphetamine laboratories, conversion and extraction operations, tableting operations, or laboratories and processing operations for fentanyl and fentanyl-related substances which may present a danger to public health or the environment. Bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, for training of State and local law enforcement agencies with or without reimbursement, including training in connection with the training and acquisition of canines for explosives and fire accelerants detection; and for provision of laboratory assistance to State and local law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $1,436,500,000, of which not to exceed $3,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses, not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be available for the payment of attorneys' fees as provided by section 924(d)(2) of title 18, United States Code, and not to exceed $25,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That no funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to transfer the functions, missions, or activities of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to other agencies or departments: Provided further, That not more than 40 percent of the amounts made available under this heading may be obligated unless processing times for National Firearms Act applications do not exceed 120 days in the case of paper applications and 60 days in the case of electronic applications. Federal prison system SALARIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Federal Prison System for the administration, operation, and maintenance of Federal penal and correctional institutions, and for the provision of technical assistance and advice on corrections related issues to foreign governments, $8,392,588,000: Provided, That not less than $409,483,000 shall be for the programs and activities authorized by the First Step Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–391 ), of which not less than 2 percent shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for Research, Evaluation and Statistics for the National Institute of Justice to carry out evaluations of programs and activities related to the First Step Act of 2018 ( First Step Act ): Provided further, That the Attorney General may transfer to the Department of Health and Human Services such amounts as may be necessary for direct expenditures by that Department for medical relief for inmates of Federal penal and correctional institutions: Provided further, That the Director of the Federal Prison System, where necessary, may enter into contracts with a fiscal agent or fiscal intermediary claims processor to determine the amounts payable to persons who, on behalf of the Federal Prison System, furnish health services to individuals committed to the custody of the Federal Prison System: Provided further, That not to exceed $5,400 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available until expended for necessary operations: Provided further, That, of the amounts provided for contract confinement, not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended to make payments in advance for grants, contracts and reimbursable agreements, and other expenses: Provided further, That the Director of the Federal Prison System may accept donated property and services relating to the operation of the prison card program from a not-for-profit entity which has operated such program in the past, notwithstanding the fact that such not-for-profit entity furnishes services under contracts to the Federal Prison System relating to the operation of pre-release services, halfway houses, or other custodial facilities: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading for programs and activities related to the First Step Act may not be transferred, or otherwise made available, to or for administration by the Department of Labor. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES For planning, acquisition of sites, and construction of new facilities; purchase and acquisition of facilities and remodeling, and equipping of such facilities for penal and correctional use, including all necessary expenses incident thereto, by contract or force account; and constructing, remodeling, and equipping necessary buildings and facilities at existing penal and correctional institutions, including all necessary expenses incident thereto, by contract or force account, $273,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That labor of United States prisoners may be used for work performed under this appropriation. FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES, INCORPORATED The Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated, is hereby authorized to make such expenditures within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available, and in accord with the law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the program set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for such corporation. LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES, FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES, INCORPORATED Not to exceed $2,700,000 of the funds of the Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated, shall be available for its administrative expenses, and for services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, to be computed on an accrual basis to be determined in accordance with the corporation’s current prescribed accounting system, and such amounts shall be exclusive of depreciation, payment of claims, and expenditures which such accounting system requires to be capitalized or charged to cost of commodities acquired or produced, including selling and shipping expenses, and expenses in connection with acquisition, construction, operation, maintenance, improvement, protection, or disposition of facilities and other property belonging to the corporation or in which it has an interest. State and local law enforcement activities Office on violence against women VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN PREVENTION AND PROSECUTION PROGRAMS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance for the prevention and prosecution of violence against women, as authorized by the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( 34 U.S.C. 10101 et seq. ) ( the 1968 Act ); title II of the Civil Rights Act of 1968 (commonly known as the Indian Civil Rights Act of 1968 ) ( Public Law 90–284 ) ( the Indian Civil Rights Act ); the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–322 ) ( the 1994 Act ); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 ( Public Law 101–647 ) ( the 1990 Act ); the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 ( Public Law 108–21 ); the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 ( 34 U.S.C. 11101 et seq. ) ( the 1974 Act ); the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 ( Public Law 106–386 ) ( the 2000 Act ); the Justice for All Act of 2004 ( Public Law 108–405 ) ( the 2004 Act ); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 ( Public Law 109–162 ) ( the 2005 Act ); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 ( Public Law 113–4 ) ( the 2013 Act ); the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 ( Public Law 114–22 ) ( the 2015 Act ); the Abolish Human Trafficking Act ( Public Law 115–392 ); and the Violence Against Women Act Reauthorization Act of 2022 (division W of Public Law 117–103 ) ( the 2022 Act ); and for related victims services, $667,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount provided— (1) $255,000,000 is for grants to combat violence against women, as authorized by part T of the 1968 Act, and any authorized, applicable incentive funding amounts with respect to such grants; (2) $48,000,000 is for transitional housing assistance grants for victims of domestic violence, dating violence, stalking, or sexual assault as authorized by section 40299 of the 1994 Act; (3) $17,000,000 is for a grant program to provide services to advocate for and respond to youth victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking; assistance to children and youth exposed to such violence; and assistance to middle and high school students through education and other services related to such violence, of which $3,500,000 is to engage men and youth in preventing domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking: Provided, That unobligated balances available for the programs authorized by sections 41201, 41204, 41303, and 41305 of the 1994 Act, prior to its amendment by the 2013 Act, shall be available for this program: Provided further, That 10 percent of the total amount available for this grant program shall be available for grants under the program authorized by section 2015 of the 1968 Act: Provided further, That the definitions and grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to this program; (4) $55,000,000 is for grants to improve the criminal justice response as authorized by part U of title I of the 1968 Act, of which up to $6,000,000 is for an initiative to promote effective policing and prosecution responses to domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking, including evaluation of the effectiveness of funded interventions ( Policing and Prosecution Initiative ) and $1,000,000 is for an initiative to enhance prosecution and investigation of online abuse and harassment ( Prosecution and Investigation of Online Abuse Initiative ): Provided, That subsections (c) and (d) of section 2101 of the 1968 Act shall not apply to the Policing and Prosecution Initiative or the Prosecution and Investigation of Online Abuse Initiative; (5) $78,500,000 is for sexual assault victims assistance, as authorized by section 41601 of the 1994 Act; (6) $50,000,000 is for rural domestic violence and child abuse enforcement assistance grants, as authorized by section 40295 of the 1994 Act; (7) $25,000,000 is for grants to reduce violent crimes against women on campus, as authorized by section 304 of the 2005 Act, of which $12,500,000 is for grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities, Hispanic-Serving Institutions, and Tribal colleges and universities; (8) $55,000,000 is for legal assistance for victims, as authorized by section 1201 of the 2000 Act; (9) $9,000,000 is for enhanced training and services to end violence against and abuse of women in later life, as authorized by section 40801 of the 1994 Act; (10) $22,000,000 is for grants to support families in the justice system, as authorized by section 1301 of the 2000 Act: Provided, That unobligated balances available for the programs authorized by section 1301 of the 2000 Act and section 41002 of the 1994 Act, prior to their amendment by the 2013 Act, shall be available for this program; (11) $12,000,000 is for education and training to end violence against and abuse of women with disabilities, as authorized by section 1402 of the 2000 Act; (12) $1,000,000 is for the National Resource Center on Workplace Responses to assist victims of domestic violence, as authorized by section 41501 of the 1994 Act; (13) $3,000,000 is for analysis and research on violence against Indian women, including as authorized by section 904 of the 2005 Act: Provided , That such funds may be transferred to Research, Evaluation and Statistics for administration by the Office of Justice Programs; (14) $500,000 is for a national clearinghouse that provides training and technical assistance on issues relating to sexual assault of American Indian and Alaska Native women; (15) $15,000,000 is for programs to assist Tribal Governments in exercising special Tribal criminal jurisdiction, as authorized by section 204 of the Indian Civil Rights Act: Provided, That the grant conditions in section 40002(b) of the 1994 Act shall apply to grants made: Provided further, That $5,000,000 is for an initiative to support cross-designation of Tribal prosecutors as Tribal Special Assistant United States Attorneys; (16) $1,500,000 is for the National Institute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statistics for research, evaluation, and statistics of violence against women and related issues addressed by grant programs of the Office on Violence Against Women, which shall be transferred to Research, Evaluation and Statistics for administration by the Office of Justice Programs; (17) $2,000,000 is for a National Deaf Services Line to provide remote services to Deaf victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking: Provided , That the definitions and grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to this service line; (18) $5,000,000 is for trauma-informed, victim-centered training for law enforcement, and related research and evaluation activities, as authorized by section 41701 of the 1994 Act; and (19) $5,000,000 is for local law enforcement grants for prevention, enforcement, and prosecution of cybercrimes against individuals, as authorized by section 1401 of the 2022 Act, and for a National Resource Center on Cybercrimes Against Individuals, as authorized by section 1402 of the 2022 Act: Provided , That the grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to this paragraph. (20) $2,500,000 is for the purposes authorized under title IV the 2015 Act (the Rape Survivor Child Custody Act ); and (21) $5,000,000 is for grants to State and Tribal courts to implement protection order pilot programs. Office of justice programs RESEARCH, EVALUATION AND STATISTICS For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance authorized by title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( the 1968 Act ); the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–322 ) ( the 1994 Act ); the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 ( the 1974 Act ); the Missing Children's Assistance Act ( 34 U.S.C. 11291 et seq. ); the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 ( Public Law 108–21 ) ( the PROTECT Act ); the Justice for All Act of 2004 ( Public Law 108–405 ); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 ( Public Law 109–162 ) ( the 2005 Act ); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 ( Public Law 101–647 ); the Second Chance Act of 2007 ( Public Law 110–199 ); the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 ( Public Law 98–473 ); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 ( Public Law 109–248 ) ( the Adam Walsh Act ); the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–401 ); subtitle C of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( Public Law 107–296 ) ( the 2002 Act ); the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 ( Public Law 108–79 ) ( PREA ); the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 ( Public Law 110–180 ); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 ( Public Law 113–4 ) ( the 2013 Act ); the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–198 ); the First Step Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–391 ); and other programs, $55,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which— (1) $33,000,000 is for criminal justice statistics programs and other activities as authorized by part C of title I of the 1968 Act; and (2) $22,000,000 is for research, development, and evaluation programs, and other activities as authorized by part B of title I of the 1968 Act and subtitle C of title II of the 2002 Act, and for activities authorized by or consistent with the First Step Act of 2018. STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ASSISTANCE (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance authorized by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–322 ) ( the 1994 Act ); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( Public Law 90–351 ) ( the 1968 Act ); the Justice for All Act of 2004 ( Public Law 108–405 ); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 ( Public Law 101–647 ) ( the 1990 Act ); the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 ( Public Law 109–164 ) ( the TVPRA of 2005 ); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 ( Public Law 109–162 ) ( the 2005 Act ); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 ( Public Law 109–248 ) ( the Adam Walsh Act ); the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 ( Public Law 106–386 ) ( the Victims of Trafficking Act ); the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 ( Public Law 110–180 ); subtitle C of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( Public Law 107–296 ) ( the 2002 Act ); the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 ( Public Law 108–79 ) ( PREA ); the Second Chance Act of 2007 ( Public Law 110–199 ); the Prioritizing Resources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–403 ); the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 ( Public Law 98–473 ); the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–416 ); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 ( Public Law 113–4 ) ( the 2013 Act ); the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–198 ) ( CARA ); the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–324 ); Kevin and Avonte’s Law (division Q of Public Law 115–141 ) ( Kevin and Avonte’s Law ); the Keep Young Athletes Safe Act of 2018 (title III of division S of Public Law 115–141 ) ( the Keep Young Athletes Safe Act ); the STOP School Violence Act of 2018 (title V of division S of Public Law 115–141 ) ( the STOP School Violence Act ); the Fix NICS Act of 2018 (title VI of division S of Public Law 115–141 ); the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–185 ); the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act ( Public Law 115–271 ); the Second Chance Reauthorization Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–391 ); the Ashanti Alert Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–401 ); the Missing Persons and Unidentified Remains Act of 2019 ( Public Law 116–277 ); the Violence Against Women Act Reauthorization Act of 2022 (division W of Public Law 117–103 ) ( the 2022 Act ); and other programs, $2,210,110,000, to remain available until expended as follows— (1) $847,810,000 is for the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant program as authorized by subpart 1 of part E of title I of the 1968 Act (except that section 1001(c), and the special rules for Puerto Rico under section 505(g), of title I of the 1968 Act shall not apply for purposes of this Act), including grants authorized by section 502(b)(1), of which, notwithstanding such subpart 1— (A) $13,000,000 is for an Officer Robert Wilson III memorial initiative on Preventing Violence Against Law Enforcement and Ensuring Officer Resilience and Survivability (VALOR); (B) $15,500,000 is for prison rape prevention and prosecution grants to States and units of local government, and other programs, as authorized by PREA; (C) $2,000,000 is for the Missing Americans Alert Program (title XXIV of the 1994 Act), as amended by Kevin and Avonte's Law; (D) $20,000,000 is for grants authorized under the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Authorization Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–185 ); (E) $15,000,000 is for the Capital Litigation Improvement Grant Program, as authorized by section 426 of Public Law 108–405 , and for grants for wrongful conviction review; (F) $1,000,000 is for the purposes of the Ashanti Alert Communications Network as authorized under the Ashanti Alert Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–401 ); (G) $5,000,000 is for a rural violent crime initiative, including assistance for law enforcement; (H) $30,000,000 is for the Patrick Leahy Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program, as authorized by section 2501 of title I of the 1968 Act: Provided, That $1,500,000 shall be transferred directly to the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s Office of Law Enforcement Standards for research, testing, and evaluation programs; (I) $20,000,000 is for a competitive matching grant program for purchases of body-worn cameras for State, local, and Tribal law enforcement; and (J) $380,240,000 is for Byrne Justice projects to assist State, local, and Tribal law enforcement efforts to enforce laws, address violent crime, increase prosecutions, improve the criminal justice system (including the correctional system), provide victims’ services, and other related activities, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified for DOJ OJP–Byrne in the table entitled Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such amounts may not be transferred for any other purpose; (2) $234,000,000 is for the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, as authorized by section 241(I)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(I)(5)); (3) $88,000,000 is for victim services programs for victims of trafficking, as authorized by section 107(b)(2) of the Victims of Trafficking Act, by the TVPRA of 2005, or programs authorized under Public Law 113–4 ; (4) $4,800,000 is for intellectual property enforcement grants including as authorized by section 401; (5) $18,000,000 is for sex offender management assistance, as authorized by the Adam Walsh Act, and related activities, of which $1,000,000 is for the National Sex Offender Public Website; (6) $88,000,000 is for grants to States to upgrade criminal and mental health records for the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, of which no less than $25,000,000 shall be for grants made under the authorities of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 ( Public Law 110–180 ) and Fix NICS Act of 2018; (7) $28,000,000 is for Paul Coverdell Forensic Sciences Improvement Grants under part BB of title I of the 1968 Act, of which $2,500,000 is for grants to strengthen the medical examiner-coroner system; (8) $153,000,000 is for DNA-related and forensic programs and activities, of which— (A) $121,000,000 is for the purposes authorized under section 2 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 ( Public Law 106–546 ) (the Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program): Provided , That up to 4 percent of funds made available under this paragraph may be used for the purposes described in the DNA Training and Education for Law Enforcement, Correctional Personnel, and Court Officers program ( Public Law 108–405 , section 303); (B) $14,000,000 is for the purposes described in the Kirk Bloodsworth Post-Conviction DNA Testing Grant Program ( Public Law 108–405 , section 412); (C) $9,000,000 is for Sexual Assault Forensic Exam Program grants, including as authorized by section 304 of Public Law 108–405 : Provided, That the grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to this program; (D) $6,000,000 is for the operation, maintenance, and expansion of the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System; and (E) $3,000,000 is for grants authorized under the Missing Persons and Unidentified Remains Act of 2019 ( Public Law 116–277 ); (9) $51,500,000 is for community-based grant programs to improve the response to sexual assault and apply enhanced approaches and techniques to reduce violent crime, including assistance for investigation and prosecution of related cold cases; (10) $15,000,000 is for the court-appointed special advocate program, as authorized by section 217 of the 1990 Act; (11) $50,000,000 is for assistance to Indian Tribes; (12) $115,000,000 is for offender reentry programs and research, as authorized by the Second Chance Act of 2007 ( Public Law 110–199 ) and by the Second Chance Reauthorization Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–391 ), without regard to the time limitations specified at section 6(1) of such Act, of which not to exceed— (A) $5,000,000 is for grants to enhance and maintain parental and family relationships for incarcerated parents as a reentry or recidivism reduction strategy; (B) $10,000,000 is for a grant program for crisis stabilization and community reentry, as authorized by the Crisis Stabilization and Community Reentry Act of 2020 ( Public Law 116–281 ); and (C) $19,000,000 is for the justice reinvestment initiative, as implemented in fiscal year 2014, for activities related to criminal justice reform and recidivism reduction: Provided , That no funds are used to support initiatives that promote the closing and repurposing of youth detention facilities; (13) $420,000,000 is for comprehensive opioid use reduction activities, including as authorized by CARA, and for the following programs, which shall address opioid, stimulant, and substance use disorders consistent with underlying program authorities, of which— (A) $89,000,000 is for Drug Courts, as authorized by section 1001(a)(25)(A) of title I of the 1968 Act; (B) $40,000,000 is for mental health courts and adult and juvenile collaboration program grants, as authorized by parts V and HH of title I of the 1968 Act, and the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–416 ); (C) $35,000,000 is for grants for Residential Substance Abuse Treatment for State Prisoners, as authorized by part S of title I of the 1968 Act; (D) $32,000,000 is for a veterans treatment courts program; (E) $35,000,000 is for a program to monitor prescription drugs and scheduled listed chemical products; and (F) $189,000,000 is for a comprehensive opioid, stimulant, and substance use disorder program, of which— (i) $20,000,000 is for grants for local and regional efforts to prevent substance use and misuse: Provided , That priority is given to non-profit organizations implementing comprehensive approaches to combating substance abuse, including investigations, treatment, and education; and (ii) $17,000,000 is for forensic support for opioid and synthetic drug investigations; (14) $2,000,000 is for a competitive grant program authorized by the Keep Young Athletes Safe Act; (15) $82,000,000 is for grants to be administered by the Bureau of Justice Assistance for purposes authorized under the STOP School Violence Act; (16) $3,000,000 is for grants to State and local law enforcement agencies for the expenses associated with the investigation and prosecution of criminal offenses involving civil rights, as authorized by the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthorization Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–325 ); and (17) $10,000,000 is for a grant program as authorized by the Daniel Anderl Judicial Security and Privacy Act of 2022 (subtitle D of title LIX of division E of Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 3458–3493; 28 U.S.C. 601 note): Provided, That, if a unit of local government uses any of the funds made available under this heading to increase the number of law enforcement officers, the unit of local government will achieve a net gain in the number of law enforcement officers who perform non-administrative public sector safety service: Provided further, That in the spending plan submitted pursuant to section 528 of this Act, the Office of Justice Programs shall specifically and explicitly identify all changes in the administration of competitive grant programs for fiscal year 2025, including changes to applicant eligibility, priority areas or weightings, and the application review process. JUVENILE JUSTICE PROGRAMS For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance authorized by the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 ( the 1974 Act ); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( the 1968 Act ); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 ( Public Law 109–162 ) ( the 2005 Act ); the Missing Children's Assistance Act ( 34 U.S.C. 11291 et seq. ); the PROTECT Act ( Public Law 108–21 ); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 ( Public Law 101–647 ) ( the 1990 Act ); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 ( Public Law 109–248 ) ( the Adam Walsh Act ); the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–401 ); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 ( Public Law 113–4 ) ( the 2013 Act ); the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–324 ); the Missing Children’s Assistance Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–267 ); the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–385 ); the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (chapter XIV of title II of Public Law 98–473 ) ( the 1984 Act ); the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–198 ); and other juvenile justice programs, $325,000,000, to remain available until expended as follows— (1) $40,000,000 is for formula grants authorized by section 221 of the 1974 Act; (2) $104,000,000 is for youth mentoring grants; (3) $4,000,000 is for grants to prevent trafficking of girls; (4) $14,000,000 is for the Tribal Youth Program; (5) $4,500,000 is for competitive grants focusing on girls in the juvenile justice system; (6) $7,500,000 is for an initiative relating to youth affected by opioids, stimulants, and substance use disorder; (7) $4,500,000 is for an initiative relating to children exposed to violence; (8) $41,000,000 is for programs authorized by the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990; (9) $103,000,000 is for missing and exploited children programs, including as authorized by sections 404(b) and 405(a) of the 1974 Act (except that section 102(b)(4)(B) of the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–401 ) shall not apply for purposes of this Act), and as authorized by the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008; and (10) $2,500,000 is for child abuse training programs for judicial personnel and practitioners, as authorized by section 222 of the 1990 Act: Provided, That not more than 10 percent of each amount may be used for research, evaluation, and statistics activities designed to benefit the programs or activities authorized: Provided further, That the preceding proviso shall not apply to grants and projects administered pursuant to sections 261 and 262 of the 1974 Act and to missing and exploited children programs. PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICER BENEFITS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For payments and expenses authorized under section 1001(a)(4) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, such sums as are necessary (including amounts for administrative costs), to remain available until expended; and $34,800,000 for payments authorized by section 1201(b) of such Act and for educational assistance authorized by section 1218 of such Act, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for such disability and education payments, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to Public Safety Officer Benefits from available appropriations for the Department of Justice as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. Community oriented policing services COMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING SERVICES PROGRAMS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For activities authorized by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103–322 ); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( the 1968 Act ); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 ( Public Law 109–162 ) ( the 2005 Act ); the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of 2017 ( Public Law 115–37 ); the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act of 2017 ( Public Law 115–113 ) ( the LEMHW Act ); the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act ( Public Law 115–271 ); and the Supporting and Treating Officers In Crisis Act of 2019 ( Public Law 116–32 ) ( the STOIC Act ), $670,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That any balances made available through prior year deobligations shall only be available in accordance with section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That of the amount provided under this heading— (1) $297,423,000 is for grants under section 1701 of title I of the 1968 Act ( 34 U.S.C. 10381 ) for the hiring and rehiring of additional career law enforcement officers under part Q of such title notwithstanding subsection (i) of such section: Provided , That, notwithstanding section 1704(c) of such title ( 34 U.S.C. 10384(c) ), funding for hiring or rehiring a career law enforcement officer may not exceed $125,000 unless the Director of the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services grants a waiver from this limitation: Provided further , That of the amounts appropriated under this paragraph, $34,000,000 is for improving Tribal law enforcement, including hiring, equipment, training, anti-methamphetamine activities, and anti-opioid activities: Provided further , That of the amounts appropriated under this paragraph, $44,000,000 is for regional information sharing activities, as authorized by part M of title I of the 1968 Act, which shall be transferred to and merged with Research, Evaluation and Statistics for administration by the Office of Justice Programs: Provided further , That of the amounts appropriated under this paragraph, no less than $4,000,000 is to support the Tribal Access Program: Provided further , That of the amounts appropriated under this paragraph, $10,000,000 is for training, peer mentoring, mental health program activities, and other support services as authorized under the LEMHW Act and the STOIC Act; (2) $12,890,000 is for activities authorized by the POLICE Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–199 ); (3) $16,000,000 is for competitive grants to State law enforcement agencies in States with high seizures of precursor chemicals, finished methamphetamine, laboratories, and laboratory dump seizures: Provided , That funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be utilized for investigative purposes to locate or investigate illicit activities, including precursor diversion, laboratories, or methamphetamine traffickers; (4) $35,000,000 is for competitive grants to statewide law enforcement agencies in States with high rates of primary treatment admissions for heroin and other opioids: Provided , That these funds shall be utilized for investigative purposes to locate or investigate illicit activities, including activities related to the distribution of heroin or unlawful distribution of prescription opioids, or unlawful heroin and prescription opioid traffickers through statewide collaboration; (5) $53,000,000 is for competitive grants to be administered by the Community Oriented Policing Services Office for purposes authorized under the STOP School Violence Act (title V of division S of Public Law 115–141 ); and (6) $255,687,000 is for a law enforcement technologies and equipment grant program, which shall be used for the projects, and in the amounts, specified for DOJ COPS Tech in the table entitled Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act: Provided , That such amounts may not be transferred for any other purpose: Provided further , That grants funded by such amounts shall not be subject to section 1703 of title I of the 1968 Act ( 34 U.S.C. 10383 ). General provisions—Department of justice (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) 201. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this title for official reception and representation expenses, a total of not to exceed $1,000 from funds appropriated to the Department of Justice in this title shall be available to the Attorney General for official reception and representation expenses. 202. None of the funds appropriated by this title shall be available to pay for an abortion, except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or in the case of rape or incest: Provided, That should this prohibition be declared unconstitutional by a court of competent jurisdiction, this section shall be null and void. 203. None of the funds appropriated under this title shall be used to require any person to perform, or facilitate in any way the performance of, any abortion. 204. Nothing in the preceding section shall remove the obligation of the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to provide escort services necessary for a female inmate to receive such service outside the Federal facility: Provided, That nothing in this section in any way diminishes the effect of section 203 intended to address the philosophical beliefs of individual employees of the Bureau of Prisons. 205. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to the following— (1) paragraph 1(J) under the heading State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance ; and (2) paragraph (6) under the heading Community Oriented Policing Services Programs . 206. None of the funds made available under this title may be used by the Federal Bureau of Prisons or the United States Marshals Service for the purpose of transporting an individual who is a prisoner pursuant to conviction for crime under State or Federal law and is classified as a maximum or high security prisoner, other than to a prison or other facility certified by the Federal Bureau of Prisons as appropriately secure for housing such a prisoner. 207. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by Federal prisons to purchase cable television services, or to rent or purchase audiovisual or electronic media or equipment used primarily for recreational purposes. (b) Subsection (a) does not preclude the rental, maintenance, or purchase of audiovisual or electronic media or equipment for inmate training, religious, or educational programs. 208. None of the funds made available under this title shall be obligated or expended for any new or enhanced information technology program having total estimated development costs in excess of $100,000,000, unless the Deputy Attorney General and the investment review board certify to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the information technology program has appropriate program management controls and contractor oversight mechanisms in place, and that the program is compatible with the enterprise architecture of the Department of Justice. 209. The notification thresholds and procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act shall apply to deviations from the amounts designated for specific activities in this Act and in the report accompanying this Act, and to any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this title in previous years. 210. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to plan for, begin, continue, finish, process, or approve a public-private competition under the Office of Management and Budget Circular A-76 or any successor administrative regulation, directive, or policy for work performed by employees of the Bureau of Prisons or of Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated. 211. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds shall be available for the salary, benefits, or expenses of any United States Attorney assigned dual or additional responsibilities by the Attorney General or his designee that exempt that United States Attorney from the residency requirements of section 545 of title 28, United States Code. 212. (a) Subject to subsection (b), with respect to funds made available under this title for grant or reimbursement programs under the headings Office on Violence Against Women , State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance , and Community Oriented Policing Services — (1) up to 1 percent of funds made available for grant or reimbursement programs under such headings, except for amounts appropriated specifically for research, evaluation, or statistical programs administered by the National Institute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statistics, may be transferred to and merged with funds provided to the National Institute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statistics, to be used for research, evaluation, or statistical purposes; and (2) not less than 0.4 percent of funds shall be transferred to the Office of Inspector General and remain available until expended for oversight and auditing purposes associated with programs administered under such accounts. (b) This section shall not apply to— (1) paragraph (1)(J) under the heading State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance ; or (2) paragraph (6) under the heading Community Oriented Policing Services ; 213. Upon request by a grantee for whom the Attorney General has determined there is a fiscal hardship, the Attorney General may, with respect to funds appropriated in this or any other Act making appropriations for fiscal years 2022 through 2025 for the following programs, waive the following requirements: (1) For the adult and juvenile offender State and local reentry demonstration projects under part FF of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( 34 U.S.C. 10631 et seq. ), the requirements under section 2976(g)(1) of such part ( 34 U.S.C. 10631(g)(1) ). (2) For grants to protect inmates and safeguard communities as authorized by section 6 of the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 ( 34 U.S.C. 30305(c)(3) ), the requirements of section 6(c)(3) of such Act. 214. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, section 20109(a) of subtitle A of title II of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 ( 34 U.S.C. 12109(a) ) and section 506(b)(1) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( 34 U.S.C. 10157 ) shall not apply to amounts made available by this or any other Act. 215. None of the funds made available under this Act, other than for the National Instant Criminal Background Check System established under section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act ( 34 U.S.C. 40901 ), may be used by a Federal law enforcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel, unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. 216. (a) None of the income retained in the Department of Justice Working Capital Fund pursuant to title I of Public Law 102–140 (105 Stat. 784; 28 U.S.C. 527 note) shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2025, except up to $12,000,000 may be obligated for implementation of a unified Department of Justice financial management system. (b) Not to exceed $30,000,000 of the unobligated balances transferred to the capital account of the Department of Justice Working Capital Fund pursuant to title I of Public Law 102–140 (105 Stat. 784; 28 U.S.C. 527 note) shall be available for obligation in fiscal year 2025, and any use, obligation, transfer, or allocation of such funds shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act. (c) Not to exceed $10,000,000 of the excess unobligated balances available under section 524(c)(8)(E) of title 28, United States Code, shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2025, and any use, obligation, transfer or allocation of such funds shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act. 217. The Attorney General shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate quarterly reports on the Crime Victims Fund, the Working Capital Fund, the Three Percent Fund, and the Assets Forfeiture Fund. Such quarterly reports shall contain at least the same level of information and detail for each Fund as was provided to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in fiscal year 2024. 218. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to conduct, contract for, or otherwise support, live tissue training, unless the Attorney General issues a written, non-delegable determination that such training is medically necessary and cannot be replicated by alternatives. 219. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Justice to target or investigate parents who peacefully protest at school board meetings and are not suspected of engaging in unlawful activity. 220. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to investigate or prosecute religious institutions on the basis of their religious beliefs. 221. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Antitrust Division to implement, administer, or enforce amendments to part 803 of the premerger notification rules that implement the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Premerger Notification and Report Form and Instructions published on June 29, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 42178). 222. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by employees of the Department of Justice to conduct any activity with the European Union’s European Commission, the United Kingdom’s Competition and Markets Authority, or the People’s Republic of China’s State Administration for Market Regulation for any merger review, investigation, or enforcement action. 223. The United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky shall have original and exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from any actions taken by the Attorney General or the Director of the Federal Bureau of Prisons that are necessary for the construction of the proposed Federal Bureau of Prisons facility in Letcher County, Kentucky. 224. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act shall be used, or transferred to another Federal agency, board, or commission to be used, to staff or operate the Foreign Influence Task Force for the purpose of monitoring or labeling constitutionally protected speech by a United States person as misinformation, disinformation, or malinformation. This title may be cited as the Department of Justice Appropriations Act, 2025 . III SCIENCE Office of science and technology policy For necessary expenses of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, in carrying out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Policy, Organization, and Priorities Act of 1976 ( 42 U.S.C. 6601 et seq. ), hire of passenger motor vehicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, not to exceed $2,250 for official reception and representation expenses, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, $5,544,000. National space council For necessary expenses of the National Space Council, in carrying out the purposes of title V of Public Law 100–685 and Executive Order No. 13803, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, not to exceed $2,250 for official reception and representation expenses, $1,865,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the National Space Council may accept personnel support from Federal agencies, departments, and offices, and such Federal agencies, departments, and offices may detail staff without reimbursement to the National Space Council for purposes provided herein. National aeronautics and space administration SCIENCE For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of science research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $7,334,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. AERONAUTICS For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of aeronautics research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $965,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. SPACE TECHNOLOGY For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of space technology research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $1,181,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. EXPLORATION For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of exploration research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $7,618,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, concurrent with the annual budget submission, a 5-year budget profile for an integrated system that includes the Space Launch System, the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, and associated ground systems that will ensure a crewed launch as early as possible. SPACE OPERATIONS For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of space operations research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support and services; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities, including operations, production, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $4,473,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATHEMATICS ENGAGEMENT For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of aerospace and aeronautical education research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $89,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which $29,000,000 shall be for the Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research and $60,000,000 shall be for the National Space Grant College and Fellowship Program. SAFETY, SECURITY AND MISSION SERVICES For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of science, aeronautics, space technology, exploration, space operations and education research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $63,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $3,044,440,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That if available balances in the Science, Space, and Technology Education Trust Fund are not sufficient to provide for the grant disbursements required under the third and fourth provisos under such heading in the Department of Housing and Urban Development-Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1989 ( Public Law 100–404 ) as amended by the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1995 ( Public Law 103–327 ), up to $1,000,000 shall be available from amounts made available under this heading to make such grant disbursements: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $57,828,000 shall be used for the projects, and in the amounts, specified for NASA SSMS in the table entitled Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That the amounts made available for the projects referenced in the preceding proviso may not be transferred for any other purpose. CONSTRUCTION AND ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND RESTORATION For necessary expenses for construction of facilities including repair, rehabilitation, revitalization, and modification of facilities, construction of new facilities and additions to existing facilities, facility planning and design, and restoration, and acquisition or condemnation of real property, as authorized by law, and environmental compliance and restoration, $424,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2030: Provided , That proceeds from leases deposited into this account shall be available for a period of 5 years to the extent and in amounts as provided in annual appropriations Acts: Provided further, That such proceeds referred to in the preceding proviso shall be available for obligation for fiscal year 2025 in an amount not to exceed $30,000,000: Provided further, That each annual budget request shall include an annual estimate of gross receipts and collections and proposed use of all funds collected pursuant to section 20145 of title 51, United States Code. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, $47,600,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) Funds for any announced prize otherwise authorized shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until a prize is claimed or the offer is withdrawn. Not to exceed 10 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 20 percent by any such transfers. Any funds transferred to Construction and Environmental Compliance and Restoration for construction activities shall not increase that account by more than 20 percent. Balances so transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred. Any transfer pursuant to this provision shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation provided for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration under previous appropriations Acts that remains available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2025 may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. Any transfer pursuant to this provision shall retain its original availability and shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. The spending plan required by this Act shall be provided by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration at the theme, program, project, and activity level. The spending plan, as well as any subsequent change of an amount established in that spending plan that meets the notification requirements of section 505 of this Act, shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. Not more than 20 percent or $50,000,000, whichever is less, of the amounts made available in the current-year Construction and Environmental Compliance and Restoration (CECR) appropriation may be applied to CECR projects funded under previous years’ CECR appropriations. Use of current-year funds under this provision shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. Of the amounts made available in this Act under the heading Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Engagement ( STEM Engagement ), up to $5,000,000 shall be available to jointly fund, with an additional amount of up to $1,000,000 each from amounts made available in this Act under the headings Science , Aeronautics , Space Technology , Exploration , and Space Operations , projects and activities for engaging students in STEM and increasing STEM research capacities of universities, including Minority Serving Institutions. Not to exceed $32,600,000 made available for the current fiscal year in this Act within Safety, Security and Mission Services may be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Balances so transferred shall be available until expended only for activities described in section 30102(b)(3) of title 51, United States Code, as amended by this Act, and shall remain available until expended. Any transfer pursuant to this provision shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. Funds previously made available in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 ( Public Law 115–31 ) under the heading National Aeronautics and Space Administration—Space Operations that were available for obligation through fiscal year 2018 are to remain available through fiscal year 2027 for the liquidation of valid obligations incurred in fiscal years 2017 and 2018. Funds previously made available in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 ( Public Law 115–141 ) under the heading National Aeronautics and Space Administration—Space Operations that were available for obligation through fiscal year 2019 are to remain available through fiscal year 2027 for the liquidation of valid obligations incurred in fiscal years 2018 and 2019. National science foundation RESEARCH AND RELATED ACTIVITIES For necessary expenses in carrying out the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 ( 42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq. ), and Public Law 86–209 ( 42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq. ); services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; maintenance and operation of aircraft and purchase of flight services for research support; acquisition of aircraft; and authorized travel; $7,546,630,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided , That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $700,000,000 shall remain available until expended for polar research and operations support, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for operational and science support and logistical and other related activities for the United States Antarctic program: Provided further, That of the amounts in the preceding proviso, not less than $109,310,000 shall be for U.S. Antarctic Logistical Support: Provided further , That receipts for scientific support services and materials furnished by the National Research Centers and other National Science Foundation supported research facilities may be credited to this appropriation. MAJOR RESEARCH EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES CONSTRUCTION For necessary expenses for the acquisition, construction, commissioning, and upgrading of major research equipment, facilities, and other such capital assets pursuant to the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 ( 42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq. ), including authorized travel, $235,000,000, to remain available until expended. STEM EDUCATION For necessary expenses in carrying out science, mathematics, and engineering education and human resources programs and activities pursuant to the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 ( 42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq. ), including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, authorized travel, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, $1,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. AGENCY OPERATIONS AND AWARD MANAGEMENT For agency operations and award management necessary in carrying out the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 ( 42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq. ); services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia; and reimbursement of the Department of Homeland Security for security guard services; $448,000,000: Provided, That not to exceed $8,280 is for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That contracts may be entered into under this heading in fiscal year 2025 for maintenance and operation of facilities and for other services to be provided during the next fiscal year. OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL SCIENCE BOARD For necessary expenses (including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of passenger motor vehicles, the rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, and the employment of experts and consultants under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code) involved in carrying out section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 ( 42 U.S.C. 1863 ) and Public Law 86–209 ( 42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq. ), $4,600,000: Provided, That not to exceed $2,500 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General as authorized by the Inspector General Act of 1978, $24,410,000, of which $1,300,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the National Science Foundation in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. Any transfer pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. The Director of the National Science Foundation (NSF) shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 30 days in advance of any planned divestment through transfer, decommissioning, termination, or deconstruction of any NSF-owned facilities or any NSF capital assets (including land, structures, and equipment) valued greater than $2,500,000. This title may be cited as the Science Appropriations Act, 2025 . IV RELATED AGENCIES Commission on civil rights SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Commission on Civil Rights, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, $13,000,000: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used to employ any individuals under Schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations exclusive of one special assistant for each Commissioner: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be used to reimburse Commissioners for more than 75 billable days, with the exception of the chairperson, who is permitted 125 billable days: Provided further, That the Chair may accept and use any gift or donation to carry out the work of the Commission: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be used for any activity or expense that is not explicitly authorized by section 3 of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983 ( 42 U.S.C. 1975a ). Equal employment opportunity commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission as authorized by title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA) of 2008 ( Public Law 110–233 ), the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–325 ), and the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 ( Public Law 111–2 ), including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by section 1343(b) of title 31, United States Code; nonmonetary awards to private citizens; and up to $31,500,000 for payments to State and local enforcement agencies for authorized services to the Commission, $420,000,000: Provided, That the Commission is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $2,250 from available funds: Provided further, That the Commission may take no action to implement any workforce repositioning, restructuring, or reorganization until such time as the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate have been notified of such proposals, in accordance with the reprogramming requirements of section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That the Chair may accept and use any gift or donation to carry out the work of the Commission. International trade commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the International Trade Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and not to exceed $2,250 for official reception and representation expenses, $115,000,000, to remain available until expended. Legal services corporation PAYMENT TO THE LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION For payment to the Legal Services Corporation to carry out the purposes of the Legal Services Corporation Act of 1974, $489,000,000, of which $448,250,000 is for basic field programs and required independent audits; $6,000,000 is for the Office of Inspector General, of which such amounts as may be necessary may be used to conduct additional audits of recipients; $24,000,000 is for management and grants oversight; $4,500,000 is for client self-help and information technology; $4,250,000 is for a Pro Bono Innovation Fund; and $2,000,000 is for loan repayment assistance: Provided, That the Legal Services Corporation may continue to provide locality pay to officers and employees at a rate no greater than that provided by the Federal Government to Washington, DC-based employees as authorized by section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, notwithstanding section 1005(d) of the Legal Services Corporation Act ( 42 U.S.C. 2996d(d) ): Provided further, That the authorities provided in section 205 of this Act shall be applicable to the Legal Services Corporation: Provided further, That, for the purposes of section 505 of this Act, the Legal Services Corporation shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS—LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION None of the funds appropriated in this Act to the Legal Services Corporation shall be expended for any purpose prohibited or limited by, or contrary to any of the provisions of, sections 501, 502, 503, 504, 505, and 506 of Public Law 105–119 , and all funds appropriated in this Act to the Legal Services Corporation shall be subject to the same terms and conditions set forth in such sections, except that all references in sections 502 and 503 to 1997 and 1998 shall be deemed to refer instead to 2024 and 2025, respectively: Provided , That for the purposes of applications of such sections 501 and 502, any requirement relating to the proportion of attorneys serving on the governing body of an entity providing legal assistance shall be deemed to be satisfied if at least 33 percent of such governing body is composed of attorneys otherwise meeting the criteria established by section 1007(c) of the Legal Services Corporation Act ( 42 U.S.C. 2996f(c) ), and section 502(2)(b)(ii) of Public Law 104–134 shall not apply. Marine mammal commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Marine Mammal Commission as authorized by title II of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 ( 16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq. ), $4,200,000. Office of the united states trade representative SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Office of the United States Trade Representative, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles and the employment of experts and consultants as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $53,000,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, not to exceed $124,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. TRADE ENFORCEMENT TRUST FUND (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For activities of the United States Trade Representative authorized by section 611 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 ( 19 U.S.C. 4405 ), including transfers, $15,000,000, to be derived from the Trade Enforcement Trust Fund: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to subsection (d)(1) of such section shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act. State justice institute SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the State Justice Institute, as authorized by the State Justice Institute Act of 1984 ( 42 U.S.C. 10701 et seq. ) $5,971,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That, for the purposes of section 505 of this Act, the State Justice Institute shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. V GENERAL PROVISIONS (INCLUDING RESCISSIONS) (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 501. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. 502. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. 503. The expenditure of any appropriation under this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract, pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. 504. If any provision of this Act or the application of such provision to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid, the remainder of the Act and the application of each provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid shall not be affected thereby. 505. None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2025, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes or renames offices, programs, or activities; (6) contracts out or privatizes any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; (7) augments existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, or reduces by 10 percent funding for any program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent; or (8) results from any general savings, including savings from a reduction in personnel, which would result in a change in existing programs, projects, or activities as approved by Congress; unless the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds. 506. (a) If it has been finally determined by a court or Federal agency that any person intentionally affixed a label bearing a Made in America inscription, or any inscription with the same meaning, to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in the United States, the person shall be ineligible to receive any contract or subcontract made with funds made available in this Act, pursuant to the debarment, suspension, and ineligibility procedures described in sections 9.400 through 9.409 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) (1) To the extent practicable, with respect to authorized purchases of promotional items, funds made available by this Act shall be used to purchase items that are manufactured, produced, or assembled in the United States, its territories or possessions. (2) The term promotional items has the meaning given the term in OMB Circular A-87, Attachment B, Item (1)(f)(3). 507. (a) The Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Science Foundation, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a quarterly report on the status of balances of appropriations at the account level. For unobligated, uncommitted balances and unobligated, committed balances the quarterly reports shall separately identify the amounts attributable to each source year of appropriation from which the balances were derived. For balances that are obligated, but unexpended, the quarterly reports shall separately identify amounts by the year of obligation. (b) The report described in subsection (a) shall be submitted within 30 days of the end of each quarter. (c) If a department or agency is unable to fulfill any aspect of a reporting requirement described in subsection (a) due to a limitation of a current accounting system, the department or agency shall fulfill such aspect to the maximum extent practicable under such accounting system and shall identify and describe in each quarterly report the extent to which such aspect is not fulfilled. 508. Any costs incurred by a department or agency funded under this Act resulting from, or to prevent, personnel actions taken in response to funding reductions included in this Act shall be absorbed within the total budgetary resources available to such department or agency: Provided, That the authority to transfer funds between appropriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addition to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That use of funds to carry out this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That for the Department of Commerce, this section shall also apply to actions taken for the care and protection of loan collateral or grant property. 509. None of the funds provided by this Act shall be available to promote the sale or export of tobacco or tobacco products, or to seek the reduction or removal by any foreign country of restrictions on the marketing of tobacco or tobacco products, except for restrictions which are not applied equally to all tobacco or tobacco products of the same type. 510. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, amounts deposited or available in the Fund established by section 1402 of chapter XIV of title II of Public Law 98–473 ( 34 U.S.C. 20101 ) in any fiscal year in excess of $1,500,000,000 shall not be available for obligation until the following fiscal year: Provided, That notwithstanding section 1402(d) of such Act, of the amounts available from the Fund for obligation: (1) $5,000,000 shall be transferred to the Department of Justice Office of Inspector General and remain available until expended for oversight and auditing purposes associated with this section; and (2) 5 percent shall be available to the Office for Victims of Crime for grants, consistent with the requirements of the Victims of Crime Act, to Indian Tribes to improve services for victims of crime. 511. None of the funds made available to the Department of Justice in this Act may be used to discriminate against or denigrate the religious or moral beliefs of students who participate in programs for which financial assistance is provided from those funds, or of the parents or legal guardians of such students. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. 513. (a) The Inspectors General of the Department of Commerce, the Department of Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Science Foundation, and the Legal Services Corporation shall conduct audits, pursuant to the Inspector General Act (5 U.S.C. App.), of grants or contracts for which funds are appropriated by this Act, and shall submit reports to Congress on the progress of such audits, which may include preliminary findings and a description of areas of particular interest, within 180 days after initiating such an audit and every 180 days thereafter until any such audit is completed. (b) Within 60 days after the date on which an audit described in subsection (a) by an Inspector General is completed, the Secretary, Attorney General, Administrator, Director, or President, as appropriate, shall make the results of the audit available to the public on the Internet website maintained by the Department, Administration, Foundation, or Corporation, respectively. The results shall be made available in redacted form to exclude— (1) any matter described in section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code; and (2) sensitive personal information for any individual, the public access to which could be used to commit identity theft or for other inappropriate or unlawful purposes. (c) Any person awarded a grant or contract funded by amounts appropriated by this Act shall submit a statement to the Secretary of Commerce, the Attorney General, the Administrator, Director, or President, as appropriate, certifying that no funds derived from the grant or contract will be made available through a subcontract or in any other manner to another person who has a financial interest in the person awarded the grant or contract. (d) The provisions of the preceding subsections of this section shall take effect 30 days after the date on which the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Government Ethics, determines that a uniform set of rules and requirements, substantially similar to the requirements in such subsections, consistently apply under the executive branch ethics program to all Federal departments, agencies, and entities. 514. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or the National Science Foundation to acquire a high-impact or moderate-impact information system, as defined for security categorization in the National Institute of Standards and Technology's (NIST) Federal Information Processing Standard Publication 199, Standards for Security Categorization of Federal Information and Information Systems unless the agency has— (1) reviewed the supply chain risk for the information systems against criteria developed by NIST and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to inform acquisition decisions for high-impact and moderate-impact information systems within the Federal Government; (2) reviewed the supply chain risk from the presumptive awardee against available and relevant threat information provided by the FBI and other appropriate agencies; and (3) in consultation with the FBI or other appropriate Federal entity, conducted an assessment of any risk of cyber-espionage or sabotage associated with the acquisition of such system, including any risk associated with such system being produced, manufactured, or assembled by one or more entities identified by the United States Government as posing a cyber threat, including but not limited to, those that may be owned, directed, or subsidized by the People's Republic of China, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, or the Russian Federation. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used to acquire a high-impact or moderate-impact information system reviewed and assessed under subsection (a) unless the head of the assessing entity described in subsection (a) has— (1) developed, in consultation with NIST, the FBI, and supply chain risk management experts, a mitigation strategy for any identified risks; (2) determined, in consultation with NIST and the FBI, that the acquisition of such system is in the national interest of the United States; and (3) reported that determination to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the agency Inspector General. 515. None of the funds made available in this Act shall be used in any way whatsoever to support or justify the use of torture by any official or contract employee of the United States Government. 516. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to include in any new bilateral or multilateral trade agreement the text of— (1) paragraph 2 of article 16.7 of the United States–Singapore Free Trade Agreement; (2) paragraph 4 of article 17.9 of the United States–Australia Free Trade Agreement; or (3) paragraph 4 of article 15.9 of the United States–Morocco Free Trade Agreement. 517. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to authorize or issue a national security letter in contravention of any of the following laws authorizing the Federal Bureau of Investigation to issue national security letters: The Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978; The Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986; The Fair Credit Reporting Act; The National Security Act of 1947; USA PATRIOT Act; USA FREEDOM Act of 2015; and the laws amended by these Acts. 518. If at any time during any quarter, the program manager of a project within the jurisdiction of the Departments of Commerce or Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or the National Science Foundation totaling more than $75,000,000 has reasonable cause to believe that the total program cost has increased by 10 percent or more, the program manager shall immediately inform the respective Secretary, Administrator, or Director. The Secretary, Administrator, or Director shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations within 30 days in writing of such increase, and shall include in such notice: the date on which such determination was made; a statement of the reasons for such increases; the action taken and proposed to be taken to control future cost growth of the project; changes made in the performance or schedule milestones and the degree to which such changes have contributed to the increase in total program costs or procurement costs; new estimates of the total project or procurement costs; and a statement validating that the project's management structure is adequate to control total project or procurement costs. 519. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence or intelligence related activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3094 ) during fiscal year 2025 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2025. 520. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enter into a contract in an amount greater than $5,000,000 or to award a grant in excess of such amount unless the prospective contractor or grantee certifies in writing to the agency awarding the contract or grant that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, the contractor or grantee has filed all Federal tax returns required during the three years preceding the certification, has not been convicted of a criminal offense under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and has not, more than 90 days prior to certification, been notified of any unpaid Federal tax assessment for which the liability remains unsatisfied, unless the assessment is the subject of an installment agreement or offer in compromise that has been approved by the Internal Revenue Service and is not in default, or the assessment is the subject of a non-frivolous administrative or judicial proceeding. (RESCISSIONS) 521. (a) Of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available to the Department of Commerce under the heading Economic Development Administration, Economic Development Assistance Programs , $30,000,000 are hereby permanently cancelled, not later than September 30, 2025. (b) Of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available to the Department of Justice, the following funds are hereby permanently rescinded, not later than September 30, 2025, from the following accounts in the specified amounts— (1) State and Local Law Enforcement Activities, Office on Violence Against Women, Violence Against Women Prevention and Prosecution Programs , $15,000,000; (2) State and Local Law Enforcement Activities, Office of Justice Programs , $125,000,000; and (3) State and Local Law Enforcement Activities, Community Oriented Policing Services , $20,000,000. (c) Of the unobligated balances available to the Department of Justice, the following funds are hereby permanently rescinded, not later than September 30, 2025, from the following accounts in the specified amounts— (1) Working Capital Fund , $340,000,000; and (2) Legal Activities—Assets Forfeiture Fund , $250,000,000. (d) The Departments of Commerce and Justice shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report no later than September 1, 2025, specifying the amount of each rescission made pursuant to subsections (a), (b), and (c). (e) The amounts rescinded under subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall not be derived from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency or disaster relief requirement pursuant to the concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (f) The amounts rescinded pursuant to subsections (b) and (c) shall not be from amounts provided under— (1) subparagraph (Q) of paragraph (1) under the heading State and Local Law Enforcement Activities—Office of Justice Programs—State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance in title II of division B of Public Law 117–103 ; (2) paragraph (7) under the heading State and Local Law Enforcement Activities—Community Oriented Policing Services—Community Oriented Policing Services Programs in title II of division B of Public Law 117–103 ; (3) subparagraph (Q) of paragraph (1) under the heading State and Local Law Enforcement Activities—Office of Justice Programs—State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance in title II of division B of Public Law 117–328 ; (4) amounts provided under paragraph (7) under the heading State and Local Law Enforcement Activities—Community Oriented Policing Services—Community Oriented Policing Services Programs in title II of division B of Public Law 117–328 ; (5) subparagraph (R) of paragraph (1) under the heading State and Local Law Enforcement Activities—Office of Justice Programs—State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance in title II of division C of Public Law 118–42 ; or (6) paragraph (7) under the heading State and Local Law Enforcement Activities—Community Oriented Policing Services Programs in title II of division C of Public Law 118–42 . 522. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to purchase first class or premium airline travel in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 523. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to send or otherwise pay for the attendance of more than 50 employees from a Federal department or agency, who are stationed in the United States, at any single conference occurring outside the United States unless— (1) such conference is a law enforcement training or operational conference for law enforcement personnel and the majority of Federal employees in attendance are law enforcement personnel stationed outside the United States; or (2) such conference is a scientific conference and the department or agency head determines that such attendance is in the national interest and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within at least 15 days of that determination and the basis for that determination. 524. The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall instruct any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States receiving funds appropriated under this Act to track undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts and include in its annual performance plan and performance and accountability reports the following: (1) Details on future action the department, agency, or instrumentality will take to resolve undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts. (2) The method that the department, agency, or instrumentality uses to track undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts. (3) Identification of undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts that may be returned to the Treasury of the United States. (4) In the preceding 3 fiscal years, details on the total number of expired grant accounts with undisbursed balances (on the first day of each fiscal year) for the department, agency, or instrumentality and the total finances that have not been obligated to a specific project remaining in the accounts. 525. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to move the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) Canine Training Center or the ATF National Canine Division from Front Royal, Virginia, to another location. 526. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP), or the National Space Council (NSC) to develop, design, plan, promulgate, implement, or execute a bilateral policy, program, order, or contract of any kind to participate, collaborate, or coordinate bilaterally in any way with China or any Chinese-owned company unless such activities are specifically authorized by a law enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to effectuate the hosting of official Chinese visitors at facilities belonging to or utilized by NASA. (c) The limitations described in subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to activities which NASA, OSTP, or NSC, after consultation with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, have certified— (1) pose no risk of resulting in the transfer of technology, data, or other information with national security or economic security implications to China or a Chinese-owned company; and (2) will not involve knowing interactions with officials who have been determined by the United States to have direct involvement with violations of human rights. (d) Any certification made under subsection (c) shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, no later than 30 days prior to the activity in question and shall include a description of the purpose of the activity, its agenda, its major participants, and its location and timing. 527. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, adjudication, or other law enforcement- or victim assistance-related activity. 528. The Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Science Foundation, the Commission on Civil Rights, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the International Trade Commission, the Legal Services Corporation, the Marine Mammal Commission, the Offices of Science and Technology Policy and the United States Trade Representative, the National Space Council, and the State Justice Institute shall submit spending plans, signed by the respective department or agency head, to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 529. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractor performance that has been judged to be below satisfactory performance or for performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract. 530. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 7606 ( Legitimacy of Industrial Hemp Research ) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 ( Public Law 113–79 ) by the Department of Justice or the Drug Enforcement Administration. 531. (a) None of the funds made available under this Act to the Department of Justice may be used, with respect to any of the States of Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming, or with respect to the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, or Puerto Rico, to prevent any of them from implementing their own laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of medical marijuana. (b) Funds made available under this Act to the Department of Justice may be used to enforce violations of 21 U.S.C. 860 . 532. The Department of Commerce, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the National Science Foundation shall provide a quarterly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on any official travel to China by any employee of such department or agency, including the purpose of such travel. 533. Of the amounts made available by this Act, not less than 10 percent of each total amount provided, respectively, for grants authorized by section 27 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 ( 15 U.S.C. 3722 ) shall be allocated for assistance in persistent poverty counties: Provided, That for purposes of this section, the term persistent poverty counties means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1993 Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates, the 2000 decennial census, and the most recent Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates, or any Territory or possession of the United States. 534. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law or treaty, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act or any other Act may be expended or obligated by a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States to pay administrative expenses or to compensate an officer or employee of the United States in connection with requiring an export license for the export to Canada of components, parts, accessories or attachments for firearms listed in Category I, section 121.1 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations (International Trafficking in Arms Regulations (ITAR), part 121, as it existed on April 1, 2005) with a total value not exceeding $500 wholesale in any transaction, provided that the conditions of subsection (b) of this section are met by the exporting party for such articles. (b) The foregoing exemption from obtaining an export license— (1) does not exempt an exporter from filing any Shipper's Export Declaration or notification letter required by law, or from being otherwise eligible under the laws of the United States to possess, ship, transport, or export the articles enumerated in subsection (a); and (2) does not permit the export without a license of— (A) fully automatic firearms and components and parts for such firearms, other than for end use by the Federal Government, or a Provincial or Municipal Government of Canada; (B) barrels, cylinders, receivers (frames) or complete breech mechanisms for any firearm listed in Category I, other than for end use by the Federal Government, or a Provincial or Municipal Government of Canada; or (C) articles for export from Canada to another foreign destination. (c) In accordance with this section, the District Directors of Customs and postmasters shall permit the permanent or temporary export without a license of any unclassified articles specified in subsection (a) to Canada for end use in Canada or return to the United States, or temporary import of Canadian-origin items from Canada for end use in the United States or return to Canada for a Canadian citizen. (d) The President may require export licenses under this section on a temporary basis if the President determines, upon publication first in the Federal Register, that the Government of Canada has implemented or maintained inadequate import controls for the articles specified in subsection (a), such that a significant diversion of such articles has and continues to take place for use in international terrorism or in the escalation of a conflict in another nation. The President shall terminate the requirements of a license when reasons for the temporary requirements have ceased. 535. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States receiving appropriated funds under this Act or any other Act shall obligate or expend in any way such funds to pay administrative expenses or the compensation of any officer or employee of the United States to deny, or fail to act on, any application submitted pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778(b)(1)(B) and qualified pursuant to 27 CFR section 478.112 or .113, for a permit to import United States origin curios or relics firearms, parts, or ammunition. 536. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel to deny, or fail to act on, an application for the importation of any model of shotgun if— (1) all other requirements of law with respect to the proposed importation are met; and (2) no application for the importation of such model of shotgun, in the same configuration, had been denied by the Attorney General prior to January 1, 2011, on the basis that the shotgun was not particularly suitable for or readily adaptable to sporting purposes. 537. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a person licensed under section 923 of title 18, United States Code, to report information to the Department of Justice regarding the sale of multiple rifles or shotguns to the same person. 538. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. 539. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 540. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 541. (a) (1) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall allocate amounts made available from the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors (CHIPS) for America Fund for fiscal year 2025 pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 102(a) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 (division A of Public Law 117–167 ), including the transfer authority in such paragraphs of that section of that Act, to the accounts specified, in the amounts specified, and for the projects and activities specified, in the table entitled Department of Commerce Allocation of National Institute of Standards and Technology Funds: CHIPS Act Fiscal Year 2025 in the report accompanying this Act. (2) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall allocate amounts made available from the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors (CHIPS) for America Workforce and Education Fund for fiscal year 2025 pursuant to section 102(d)(1) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 (division A of Public Law 117–167 ), to the account specified, in the amounts specified, and for the projects and activities specified in the table entitled National Science Foundation Allocation of Funds: CHIPS Act Fiscal Year 2025 in the report accompanying this Act. (b) Neither the President nor his designee may allocate any amounts that are made available for any fiscal year under section 102(a)(2)(A) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 or under section 102(d)(2) of such Act if there is in effect an Act making or continuing appropriations for part of a fiscal year for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies: Provided, That in any fiscal year, the matter preceding this proviso shall not apply to the allocation, apportionment, or allotment of amounts for continuing administration of programs allocated funds from the CHIPS for America Fund, which may be allocated only in amounts that are no more than the allocation for such purposes in subsection (a) of this section. (c) Subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and subject to the terms and conditions in section 505 of this Act— (1) the Secretary of Commerce may reallocate funds allocated to Industrial Technology Services for section 9906 of Public Law 116–283 by subsection (a)(1) of this section; and (2) the Director of the National Science Foundation may reallocate funds allocated to the CHIPS for America Workforce and Education Fund by subsection (a)(2) of this section. (d) Concurrent with the annual budget submission of the President for fiscal year 2026, the Secretary of Commerce and the Director of the National Science Foundation, as appropriate, shall each submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate proposed allocations by account and by program, project, or activity, with detailed justifications, for amounts made available under section 102(a)(2) and section 102(d)(2) of the CHIPS Act of 2022 for fiscal year 2026. (e) The Department of Commerce and the National Science Foundation, as appropriate, shall each provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the CHIPS for America Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to subsection (a)(1) of this section, and section 543(a)(1) of division B of Public Law 117–328 , the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the Public Wireless Supply Chain Innovation Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to section 543(a)(2) of division B of Public Law 117–328 , and the status of balances of projects and activities funded by the CHIPS for America Workforce and Education Fund for amounts allocated pursuant to subsection (a)(2) of this section and section 543(a)(3) of division B of Public Law 117–328 , including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds. 542. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to issue, implement, administer, or enforce a proposed or final rule or secretarial action regarding the South Atlantic red snapper stock that includes a quota decrease, area closure, or any other action that would limit access to the Snapper Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic Region to address overfishing of such stock until the date on which a third-party scientific review regarding whether the report entitled SEDAR 73, South Atlantic Red Snapper, Stock Assessment Report (March 2021) is the best scientific information available for purposes of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act ( 16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq. ) is completed. 543. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order 14006, Reforming Our Incarceration System to Eliminate the Use of Privately Operated Criminal Detention Facilities. 544. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, carry out, or defend any part of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives final rule entitled Definition of Frame or Receiver and Identification of Firearms (87 Fed. Reg. 24652 (April 26, 2022)). 545. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order 14092, Reducing Gun Violence and Making our Communities Safer. 546. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, carry out, or defend the joint Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Security interim final rule entitled Procedures for Credible Fear Screening and Consideration of Asylum, Withholding of Removal, and CAT Protection Claims by Asylum Officers (87 Fed. Reg. 18078 (March 29, 2022)). 547. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Justice to promulgate, develop, or implement a regulation, policy, or practice regarding categorical administrative closure, dismissal, or termination of cases in immigration court. 548. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out section 19 (establishing accreditation standards) or section 20 (supporting safe and effective policing through grantmaking) of Executive Order 14074, Advancing Effective, Accountable, Policing and Criminal Justice Practices to Enhance Public Trust and Public Safety. 549. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out any regulation issued by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives issued or finalized on or after January 21, 2021. 550. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, carry out, or defend of any part of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives final rule entitled Factoring Criteria for Firearms with Attached Stabilizing Braces (88 Fed. Reg. 6478 (January 31, 2023)). 551. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out the Attorney General’s October 4, 2021, memorandum entitled Partnership Among Federal, State, Local, Tribal, and Territorial Law Enforcement to Address Threats Against School Administrators, Board Members, Teachers, and Staff. 552. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out the Office of Science and Technology Policy’s August 25, 2022, Memorandum to Executive Departments and Agencies entitled Ensuring Free, Immediate, and Equitable Access to Federally Funded Research. 553. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) for the— (A) Department of Commerce— (i) Equity (DEIA) Council; (ii) National Institute of Standards and Technology Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Accessibility Initiative; (iii) National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration— (I) Office of Inclusion and Civil Rights; (II) Diversity and Inclusion Advisory Management Council; (III) NOAA Diversity and Professional Advancement Working Group; (B) Department of Justice— (i) Chief Diversity Officer; (ii) Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives Diversity and Career Impact Program; (iii) Federal Bureau of Investigation Office of Diversity and Inclusion; (iv) Antitrust Division Diversity Committee; (v) National Resource Center for Justice-Involved LGBTQ+ and Two-Spirit Youth; (vi) Executive Office for Immigration Review diversity, equity, and inclusion training; (vii) Environment and Natural Resources Division Office of Environmental Justice; (C) National Aeronautics and Space Administration Office of Diversity and Inclusion; (D) National Science Foundation— (i) Office of Equity and Civil Rights; (ii) Advancing Informal STEM Learning (AISL) Program; (2) to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out— (A) Executive Order 13985 of January 20, 2021, “Advancing Racial Equity and Support for Underserved Communities Through the Federal Government” (86 Fed. Reg. 7009); (B) Executive Order 14091 of February 16, 2023, “Further Advancing Racial Equity and Support for Underserved Communities Through the Federal Government” (88 Fed. Reg. 10825); or (C) Executive Order 14035 of June 25, 2021, “Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility in the Federal Workforce” (86 Fed. Reg. 34593); or (3) to conduct any diversity, equity, inclusion, or implicit bias training. 554. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) by the— (A) Department of Commerce for— (i) the National Institute of Standards and Technology Center of Excellence in Climate Change; or (ii) climate change fisheries research; (B) National Science Foundation for the— (i) U.S. Global Change Research Program (USGCRP); or (ii) Clean Energy Technology program; or (2) to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order 14008 of January 27, 2021, Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad (86 Fed. Reg. 7619). 555. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to develop or implement guidance related to the valuation of ecosystem and environmental services and natural assets in Federal regulatory decision-making, as directed by Executive Order 14072 (87 Fed. Reg. 24851, relating to strengthening the Nation’s forests, communities, and local economies). 556. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide legal representation to any alien in a removal proceeding. 557. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to incentivize any immigration judge to close or dismiss any case without adjudicating the merits of the case. 558. None of the funds made available for the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program may be used in contravention of section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996. 559. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to allow the United States Census Bureau to include aliens who are unlawfully present in the United States in rendering apportionment determinations in subsequent decennial censuses. 560. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay a compromise settlement in relation to a civil action brought by an alien who is inadmissible under section 212(a)(6)(A) or (7)(A)(i)(I) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(6)(A) or (7)(A)(i)(I)), or who entered the United States in violation of section 275(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1325(a) ), in connection with conduct described in such section 275(a), unless expressly authorized by law. 561. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement a limit on reimbursement available to a local law enforcement jurisdiction under the Domestic Cannabis Suppression/Eradication Program for the purpose of paying overtime pay to a law enforcement officer who engages in eradication efforts against unlicensed or unregistered cannabis grown in a State wherein production or sales of cannabis is lawful. 562. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to review, process, or approve applications for Federal grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, or other agreements by any individual or organization that educates or otherwise trains or informs Federal employees about diversity, equity, inclusion, critical race theory, implicit bias, unconscious bias, or culturally relevant teaching. 563. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide any education, training, or professional development that utilizes, promotes, or teaches Critical Race Theory, any concept associated with Critical Race Theory, or that teaches or trains any idea or concept that condones an individual being discriminated against or receiving adverse or beneficial treatment based on race or sex, that condones an individual feeling discomfort, guilt, anguish, or any other form of psychological distress on account of that individual’s race or sex, as well as any idea or concept that regards one race as inherently superior to another race, the United States or its institutions as being systemically racist or sexist, an individual as being inherently racist, sexist, or oppressive by virtue of that individual’s race or sex, an individual’s moral character as being necessarily determined by race or sex, an individual as bearing responsibility for actions committed in the past by other members of the same race or sex, or meritocracy being racist, sexist, or having been created by a particular race to oppress another race. 564. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to promote or contribute to environmental, social, and corporate governance (also known as environmental, social, and governance (ESG)) investments. 565. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to investigate, litigate, or advocate against any person or recipient, as currently defined at section 106.2 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, for defining sex as currently used in, inter alia, section 1681 of title 20, United States Code, and sections 106.21, 22, 23, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 37, 39, 40, 41, 44, and 45 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, to mean biological sex, male or female, as determined by the type of gamete an individual produces; and for defining boys and girls to mean only biological boys, whose DNA consists of one X sex chromosome and one Y sex chromosome, and biological girls, whose DNA consists of two X sex chromosomes. 566. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for gun buyback or relinquishment programs. 567. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement any statute, rule, policy, or interpretive guidance or to disburse any grants or funding that would have the effect of creating, utilizing, supporting, or implementing a law or procedure which could result in the confiscation of any firearm without, in all cases, providing the gun owner with notice and opportunity to participate in a hearing. 568. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund or implement any red flag or extreme risk protection order laws. 569. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, may be available for obligation or expenditure to study, prepare, propose, or adopt any rule, regulation, administrative order or secretarial or executive action for the purpose of restricting the production, purchase, sale or transfer of any firearm unless expressly authorized by Congress. 570. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to create, operate, or maintain a Federal firearms registry. 571. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel to facilitate, advise, promote, or otherwise support any civil actions to which the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives is not a named party against any licensee or other person purported to be subject to the regulation and oversight of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. 572. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) Demand 2 program unless the ATF modifies the Demand 2 reporting thresholds such that the threshold criteria of the Demand 2 program is 25 traces or 2.5 percent of traces relative to a licensee’s average number of firearm sales as reported on the most recent Federal firearm license renewal application, whichever is greater, and ATF certifies to the Federal firearm licensee that every trace counted is directly related to/involved in an open/bona fide criminal investigation, and the ‘Time-to-Crime’ is 3 years or less. 573. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to— (1) classify, tax, or register any firearm with an attached stabilizing brace or other similar brace or rearward attachment, notwithstanding any extended additional contact surface rearward or use outside of its original design or use as a buttstock or use to enable shoulder fire, as a rifle, short-barreled rifle, or short-barreled shotgun under the Gun Control Act of 1968, the National Firearms Act of 1934, or any other such act of Congress; or (2) direct any other law enforcement or regulatory entity to conduct any of the activities described in paragraph (1) on the ATF’s behalf. 574. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to support, directly or indirectly, the Wuhan Institute of Virology, or any laboratory owned or controlled by the governments of the People’s Republic of China, the Republic of Cuba, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela under the regime of Nicolás Maduro Moros, or any other country determined by the Secretary of State to be a foreign adversary. 575. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to engage in any formal or informal negotiations, regardless of subject, with leadership or representatives of the Islamic Republic of Iran. 576. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to recruit, hire, promote, or retain any person who either has been convicted of a Federal or State child pornography charge, has been convicted of any other Federal or State sexual assault charge, or has been formally disciplined for using Federal resources to access, use, or sell child pornography. 577. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to recruit, hire, promote, or retain any person based in whole or in part on such person’s race, national origin, sex, or religion. 578. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to fund any sex-altering surgical procedures in either a Federally owned facility or a private facility leased or used by the Federal Government. 579. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Department of Justice’s Reproductive Rights Task Force. 580. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to sue any State or local government over laws that restrict or limit abortion, or to intervene or file an amicus brief in such a case. 581. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to sue any State or local government over any law protecting single sex sports, single sex facilities, or limiting transgender medical procedures, including in insurance coverage and age limitations, or to intervene or file an amicus brief in such a case. 582. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to sue any State over its redistricting plans, or to intervene or file an amicus brief in such a case. 583. (a) In general.—Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) Discriminatory action defined.—As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) Accreditation; Licensure; Certification.—The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). 584. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to facilitate, permit, license, or promote exports to the Cuban military or intelligence service or to any officer of the Cuban military or intelligence service, or an immediate family member thereof or any agency or entity owned or partially owned or operated on behalf of the previously listed. (b) This section does not apply to exports of goods permitted under the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 ( 22 U.S.C. 7201 et seq. ). (c) In this section— (1) the term Cuban military or intelligence service includes the Ministry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces, and the Ministry of the Interior, of Cuba, and any subsidiary of either such Ministry; and (2) the term immediate family member means a spouse, sibling, son, daughter, parent, grandparent, grandchild, aunt, uncle, niece, or nephew. 585. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used for an Office of Environmental Justice. 586. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce the Department of Commerce rule entitled “Procedures Covering Suspension of Liquidation, Duties and Estimated Duties in Accord With Presidential Proclamation 10414” (87 Fed. Reg. 56868 (September 16, 2022)). 587. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel of the Department of Justice to negotiate or conclude a settlement with the Federal Government that includes terms requiring the defendant to donate or contribute funds to an organization or individual. 588. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary, benefits, bonuses, or expenses of any Federal officer or employee who fails to comply with a duly issued and valid congressional subpoena, including any circumstances in which a Federal officer or employee does not produce documents in unredacted form by a date certain provided in a congressional subpoena. 589. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used, or transferred to another Federal agency, board, or commission to pay the salary, benefits, bonuses, or expenses of a Department of Justice, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation, employee who is found to have retaliated against a whistleblower or suppressed an employee’s constitutional rights under the First Amendment. 590. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to conduct an interview in connection with an investigation of a Federal offense, or an investigation in which the agency is assisting a State, local or Tribal law enforcement agency, unless such interview is recorded using electronic audio recording equipment. (b) Subsection (a) shall apply with respect to custodial and noncustodial interviews, but shall not apply with respect to— (1) communications with confidential informants; or (2) interviews of non-United States persons conducted outside the United States. (c) Recordings of such interviews shall be retained for 10 years. 591. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to discourage, or implement a policy that serves to discourage, United States Marshals Service employees or personnel from fully enforcing section 1507 of title 18, United States Code. 592. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used be used, or transferred to another Federal agency, board, or commission to be used in furtherance of— (1) any modification or publication of revised Merger Guidelines without the express authorization of Congress; (2) the European Commission’s Digital Markets Act or in support of such Act; or (3) the hiring of any new employees to the Antitrust Division, other than to replace retired or departed employees, unless expressly authorized by Congress. 593. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund the operations or expenses of any Federal employee union. 594. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made used to— (1) classify or facilitate the classification of any communications by a United States person as misinformation, disinformation, or malinformation; or (2) partner with or fund nonprofit or other organizations that pressure or recommend private companies to censor lawful and constitutionally protected speech of United States persons, including recommending the censoring or removal of content on social media platforms. 595. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce any COVID-19 vaccine mandates or passports. 596. None of the funds made available to the Department of Justice by this Act, or any other Act, may be used by the Department, or transferred to a Federal agency, board, or commission in furtherance of awarding Department of Justice grants to a grant recipient under investigation for the misuse of Federal funds. 597. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used by the Secretary of Commerce for travel, or to incur any fiscal obligations related to travel, until the amounts allocated as directed by Section 541 of Public Law 118–42 and detailed by the fiscal year 2024 Joint Explanatory Statement table entitled DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE ALLOCATION OF NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY FUNDS: CHIPS ACT FISCAL YEAR 2024 for Secure Enclave are obligated and expended by the Department of Commerce and the Department provides the Committee notice of this obligation. 598. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the interim final rule entitled Revision of Firearms License Requirements (89 Fed. Reg. 34680 (April 30, 2024)) or any successor rule. 599. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for algorithmic justice. VI OTHER MATTERS 601. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to issue incidental take authorizations under the Marine Mammal Protection Act ( 16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq. ) for any activity related to offshore wind energy development, conducted under rights granted by lease numbers OCS-A 0532; OCS-A 0498; OCS-A 0499; OCS-A 0549; or OCS-A 0490; until the Comptroller General of the United States submits the study requested on May 15, 2023, on the impact of wind leasing on marine mammals and endangered species, to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 602. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Justice, for use by the National Instant Criminal Background Check System established under section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act, to include any personally identifiable information of a beneficiary, solely on the basis of a determination by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pay benefits to a fiduciary for the use and benefit of the beneficiary under section 5502 of Title 38, United States Code. 603. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, carry out or defend any part of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives final rule entitled Definition of Engaged in the Business as a Dealer in Firearms (89 Fed. Reg. 28968 (May 20, 2024)). 604. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce ATF Order 5370.1E regarding Federal Firearms Administrative Action Policy and Procedures, or any subsequent or other policy, order, or procedure that does not require the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to, in all but the most extraordinary circumstances, refrain from revoking or suspending a Federal firearms license for initial violations without at least first issuing a warning letter, working with cooperative licensees to rectify violations in a reasonable time frame, and holding a final warning conference. 605. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to sue any State for violating the Rivers and Harbors Act for implementing border security measures. 606. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Bureau of Prisons to assign an individual to a facility that does not correspond to such individual's biological sex. 607. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order 14043, Requiring Coronavirus Disease 2019 Vaccination for Federal Employees or Executive Order 14042, Ensuring Adequate COVID Safety Protocols for Federal Contractors at any Federal department, bureau, or subagency. 608. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to develop or implement rules or guidance on climate change as a direct response to data cited by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s Billions Project. 609. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to establish, administer, or enforce any rule or regulation that would impose a requirement for a United States Atlantic pelagic longline vessel to pay a fee for any costs associated with the electronic monitoring of such vessel. 610. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to enforce any vessel speed restriction for the Rice’s whale that was not in place prior to January 20, 2021. 611. (a) None of the funds made available under this Act to the Department of Justice may be used in contravention of protections provided to Department of Justice employees who allege their security clearance has been suspended, revoked, or denied in retaliation for protected whistleblower activity under section 3001 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 ( 50 U.S.C. 3341 ) and Security Executive Agent Directive 9 (relating to Whistleblower Protection: Appellate Review of Retaliation Regarding Security Clearances and Access Determinations). (b) None of the funds made available under this Act to the Department of Justice may be used in contravention of section 3001(b)(7) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 ( 50 U.S.C. 3341(b)(7) ) or Security Executive Agent Directive 9 with respect to providing protections to certain Department of Justice employees to retain their government employment status. 612. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Executive Office for Immigration Review until such Office publicly posts all immigration judge hiring procedures on its website. 613. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to the Department of Justice to pay, or agree to pay, the costs and fees incurred by an alien that are associated with a civil action, including costs and fees authorized section 2412 of title 28, United States Code, involving an alien who entered the United States in violation of section 275(a) or section 276(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1325(a) , 1326(a)), in connection with any proceeding or adjudication initiated under such Act. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to the Department of Justice to pay, or agree to pay, the costs and fees incurred by an alien that are associated with an agency adjudication, including costs and fees authorized under section 504 of title 5, United States Code, involving an alien who entered the United States in violation of section 275(a) or section 276(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1325(a) , 1326(a)), in connection with any proceeding or adjudication initiated under such Act. 614. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available for the implementation, administration, or enforcement of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission's final rule published on April 19, 2024, 89 Fed. Reg. 29096, so as to include elective abortion in the definition of pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions requiring reasonable accommodation. 615. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enact any withdrawal, suspension, waiver, or modification to the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights unless the President obtains explicit authorization from Congress. 616. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, or enforce the Proposed Guidance on Harassment in the Workplace (88 Fed. Reg. 67750 (October 2, 2023)) or any similar, related, or successor guidance. 617. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to finalize or implement the Joint Memorandum from the EEOC and the NLRB’s General Counsel on Civility Rules, Confidentiality in Internal Investigations, and Employee Conduct in the Course of Protected Concerted Activity. 618. Section 10638(4) of Title VI of division B of the Research and Development, Competition, and Innovation Act is amended-- (1) by inserting of concern after foreign country each place such term appears; (2) by striking means— and all that follows through any program, position, or activity and inserting means any program, position, or activity ; (3) by striking subparagraph (B); (4) by redesignating clauses (i) through (ix) as subparagraphs (A) through (I), respectively, and moving such subparagraphs as so redesignated, two ems to the left; (5) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), as so redesignated, by striking directly provided and inserting whether directly or indirectly provided ; and (6) in subparagraph (I), as so redesignated, by striking ; and and inserting a period. 619. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other may be used to finalize, implement, or enforce the draft guidance published by the National Institute of Standards and Technology entitled Draft Interagency Guidance Framework for Considering the Exercise of March-In Rights (88 Fed. Reg. 85593 (December 8, 2023)). 620. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, nor any part of the Department of Commerce, to enforce any vessel speed restriction for the North Atlantic Right Whale that was not in place prior to January 20, 2021. 621. None of the funds in this Act may be used to enforce involuntary compliance, or to inquire more than twice for voluntary compliance with any survey conducted by the Bureau of the Census. 622. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to implement the proposed rule entitled Endangered and Threatened Species; Designation of Critical Habitat for the Rice's Whale (88 Fed. Reg. 47453 (September 12, 2023)) or any successor rule or regulation. 623. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to reschedule marijuana (as such term is defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act ( 21 U.S.C. 802 )) or to remove marijuana from the schedules established under section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act ( 21 U.S.C. 812 ). 624. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Justice to implement or administer the relocation of the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s headquarters currently located at 935 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Washington, DC, 20535. 625. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used, or transferred to another Federal agency, board, or commission to be used to pay the salary of the ATF Director until the operations plan related to the execution of the search warrant on Bryan Malinowski’s home and vehicle is provided to the Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate and the Committees on the Judiciary of the House and Senate. 626. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to record, or maintain any recording of, any record delivered to the Attorney General pursuant to section 923(g)(4) of title 18, United States Code. 627. The salary of the Attorney General shall be reduced to $1 until the Attorney General transmits to the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Oversight and Accountability, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives all records including transcripts, notes, video, and audio files, related to Special Counsel Robert Hur’s investigation of President Joe Biden’s mishandling of classified information in accordance with the subpoenas issued by the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability and the House Committee on the Judiciary. SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT 628. $0 This Act may be cited as the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 . July 11, 2024 Committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed

118 HR 9027 RH: Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 U.S. House of Representatives text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IB Union Calendar No. 483 118th CONGRESS 2D Session H. R. 9027 Report No. 118–583 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES July 12, 2024 Mr. Harris , from the Committee on Appropriations , reported the following bill; which was committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed A BILL Making appropriations for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes, namely: I AGRICULTURAL PROGRAMS Processing, research, and marketing Office of the secretary (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary, $40,457,000 of which not to exceed $5,051,000 shall be available for the immediate Office of the Secretary; not to exceed $2,146,000 shall be available for the Office of Homeland Security; not to exceed $5,190,000 shall be available for the Office of Tribal Relations; not to exceed $4,711,000 shall be available for the Office of Partnerships and Public Engagement, of which $1,500,000 shall be for 7 U.S.C. 2279(c)(5) ; not to exceed $16,859,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration, of which $15,984,000 shall be available for Departmental Administration to provide for necessary expenses for management support services to offices of the Department and for general administration, security, repairs and alterations, and other miscellaneous supplies and expenses not otherwise provided for and necessary for the practical and efficient work of the Department: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Administration mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office; not to exceed $3,000,000 shall be available for the Office of Assistant Secretary for Congressional Relations and Intergovernmental Affairs to carry out the programs funded by this Act, including programs involving intergovernmental affairs and liaison within the executive branch; and not to exceed $3,500,000 shall be available for the Office of Communications: Provided further, That the Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to transfer funds appropriated for any office of the Office of the Secretary to any other office of the Office of the Secretary: Provided further, That no appropriation for any office shall be increased or decreased by more than 5 percent: Provided further, That not to exceed $22,000 of the amount made available under this paragraph for the immediate Office of the Secretary shall be available for official reception and representation expenses, not otherwise provided for, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That the amount made available under this heading for Departmental Administration shall be reimbursed from applicable appropriations in this Act for travel expenses incident to the holding of hearings as required by 5 U.S.C. 551–558: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Congressional Relations and Intergovernmental Affairs shall be transferred to agencies of the Department of Agriculture funded by this Act to maintain personnel at the agency level: Provided further, That no funds made available under this heading for the Office of Assistant Secretary for Congressional Relations may be obligated after 30 days from the date of enactment of this Act, unless the Secretary has notified the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress on the allocation of these funds by USDA agency: Provided further, That during any 30 day notification period referenced in section 716 of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall take no action to begin implementation of the action that is subject to section 716 of this Act or make any public announcement of such action in any form. Executive operations OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ECONOMIST For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Economist, $31,025,000, of which $10,225,000 shall be for grants or cooperative agreements for policy research under 7 U.S.C. 3155: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $500,000 shall be available to carry out section 224 of subtitle A of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 ( 7 U.S.C. 6924 ), as amended by section 12504 of Public Law 115–334 . OFFICE OF HEARINGS AND APPEALS For necessary expenses of the Office of Hearings and Appeals, $12,222,000. OFFICE OF BUDGET AND PROGRAM ANALYSIS For necessary expenses of the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, $9,337,000. Office of the chief information officer For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Information Officer, $66,814,000, of which not less than $56,858,000 is for cybersecurity requirements of the department. Office of the chief financial officer For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Financial Officer, $6,028,000. Office of the assistant secretary for civil rights For necessary expenses of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, $901,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Civil Rights mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. Office of civil rights For necessary expenses of the Office of Civil Rights, $22,789,000. Hazardous materials management (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Department of Agriculture, to comply with the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ) and the Solid Waste Disposal Act ( 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq. ), $2,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That appropriations and funds available herein to the Department for Hazardous Materials Management may be transferred to any agency of the Department for its use in meeting all requirements pursuant to the above Acts on Federal and non-Federal lands. Office of safety, security, and protection For necessary expenses of the Office of Safety, Security, and Protection, $5,000,000. Office of inspector general For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, including employment pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978 ( Public Law 95–452 ; 5 U.S.C. App.), $106,561,000, including such sums as may be necessary for contracting and other arrangements with public agencies and private persons pursuant to section 6(a)(9) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 ( Public Law 95–452 ; 5 U.S.C. App.), and including not to exceed $125,000 for certain confidential operational expenses, including the payment of informants, to be expended under the direction of the Inspector General pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978 ( Public Law 95–452 ; 5 U.S.C. App.) and section 1337 of the Agriculture and Food Act of 1981 ( Public Law 97–98 ). Office of the general counsel For necessary expenses of the Office of the General Counsel, $45,146,000. Office of ethics For necessary expenses of the Office of Ethics, $4,136,000. Office of the under secretary for research, education, and economics For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Research, Education, and Economics, $1,800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Research, Education, and Economics mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $1,000,000 shall be made available for the Office of the Chief Scientist. Economic research service For necessary expenses of the Economic Research Service, $85,612,000. National agricultural statistics service For necessary expenses of the National Agricultural Statistics Service, $187,513,000, of which up to $46,850,000 shall be available until expended for the Census of Agriculture: Provided, That amounts made available for the Census of Agriculture may be used to conduct Current Industrial Report surveys subject to 7 U.S.C. 2204g(d) and (f): Provided further , That of the amounts made available no more than $1,000,000 may be used by the National Agricultural Statistics Service to enter into research and development contracts: Provided further , That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate in writing 30 days prior to discontinuing data collection programs and reports. Agricultural research service SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Agricultural Research Service and for acquisition of lands by donation, exchange, or purchase at a nominal cost not to exceed $100,000 and with prior notification and approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, and for land exchanges where the lands exchanged shall be of equal value or shall be equalized by a payment of money to the grantor which shall not exceed 25 percent of the total value of the land or interests transferred out of Federal ownership, $1,793,829,000: Provided, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for the operation and maintenance of aircraft and the purchase of not to exceed one for replacement only: Provided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2250 for the construction, alteration, and repair of buildings and improvements, but unless otherwise provided, the cost of constructing any one building shall not exceed $500,000, except for headhouses or greenhouses which shall each be limited to $1,800,000, except for 10 buildings to be constructed or improved at a cost not to exceed $1,100,000 each, and except for four buildings to be constructed at a cost not to exceed $5,000,000 each, and the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building or $500,000, whichever is greater: Provided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for entering into lease agreements at any Agricultural Research Service location for the construction of a research facility by a non-Federal entity for use by the Agricultural Research Service and a condition of the lease shall be that any facility shall be owned, operated, and maintained by the non-Federal entity and shall be removed upon the expiration or termination of the lease agreement: Provided further, That the limitations on alterations contained in this Act shall not apply to modernization or replacement of existing facilities at Beltsville, Maryland: Provided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for granting easements at the Beltsville Agricultural Research Center: Provided further, That the foregoing limitations shall not apply to replacement of buildings needed to carry out the Act of April 24, 1948 ( 21 U.S.C. 113a ): Provided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for granting easements at any Agricultural Research Service location for the construction of a research facility by a non-Federal entity for use by, and acceptable to, the Agricultural Research Service and a condition of the easements shall be that upon completion the facility shall be accepted by the Secretary, subject to the availability of funds herein, if the Secretary finds that acceptance of the facility is in the interest of the United States: Provided further, That funds may be received from any State, other political subdivision, organization, or individual for the purpose of establishing or operating any research facility or research project of the Agricultural Research Service, as authorized by law. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES For the acquisition of land, construction, repair, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities as necessary to carry out the agricultural research programs of the Department of Agriculture, where not otherwise provided, $26,900,000, to remain available until expended, for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified for this account in the table titled Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act. National institute of food and agriculture RESEARCH AND EDUCATION ACTIVITIES For payments to agricultural experiment stations, for cooperative forestry and other research, for facilities, and for other expenses, $1,071,900,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Research and Education Activities in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That funds for research grants for 1994 institutions, education grants for 1890 institutions, Hispanic serving institutions education grants, capacity building for non-land-grant colleges of agriculture, the agriculture and food research initiative, veterinary medicine loan repayment, multicultural scholars, graduate fellowship and institution challenge grants, grants management systems, tribal colleges education equity grants, and scholarships at 1890 institutions shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That each institution eligible to receive funds under the Evans-Allen program receives no less than $1,000,000: Provided further, That funds for education grants for Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian-serving institutions be made available to individual eligible institutions or consortia of eligible institutions with funds awarded equally to each of the States of Alaska and Hawaii: Provided further, That funds for providing grants for food and agricultural sciences for Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian-Serving institutions and for Insular Areas shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That funds for education grants for 1890 institutions shall be made available to institutions eligible to receive funds under 7 U.S.C. 3221 and 3222: Provided further, That not more than 5 percent of the amounts made available by this or any other Act to carry out the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative under 7 U.S.C. 3157 may be retained by the Secretary of Agriculture to pay administrative costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out that authority. NATIVE AMERICAN INSTITUTIONS ENDOWMENT FUND For the Native American Institutions Endowment Fund authorized by Public Law 103–382 ( 7 U.S.C. 301 note), $11,880,000, to remain available until expended. EXTENSION ACTIVITIES For payments to States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, Micronesia, the Northern Marianas, and American Samoa, $561,164,000 which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Extension Activities in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That funds for extension services at 1994 institutions and for facility improvements at 1890 institutions shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That institutions eligible to receive funds under 7 U.S.C. 3221 for cooperative extension receive no less than $1,000,000: Provided further, That funds for cooperative extension under sections 3(b) and (c) of the Smith-Lever Act ( 7 U.S.C. 343(b) and (c)) and section 208(c) of Public Law 93–471 shall be available for retirement and employees’ compensation costs for extension agents. INTEGRATED ACTIVITIES For the integrated research, education, and extension grants programs, including necessary administrative expenses, $41,100,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Integrated Activities in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That funds for the Food and Agriculture Defense Initiative shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, indirect costs shall not be charged against any Extension Implementation Program Area grant awarded under the Crop Protection/Pest Management Program ( 7 U.S.C. 7626 ). Office of the under secretary for marketing and regulatory programs For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Marketing and Regulatory Programs, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Marketing and Regulatory Programs mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. Animal and plant health inspection service SALARIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, including up to $30,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to the Foreign Service Act of 1980 ( 22 U.S.C. 4085 ), $1,147,250,000; of which $250,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available for the control of outbreaks of insects, plant diseases, animal diseases and for control of pest animals and birds ( contingency fund ) to the extent necessary to meet emergency conditions; of which $15,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used for the cotton pests program, including for cost share purposes or for debt retirement for active eradication zones; of which $42,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for Animal Health Technical Services; of which $36,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for agricultural quarantine and inspection services; of which $2,500,000 shall be for activities under the authority of the Horse Protection Act of 1970, as amended ( 15 U.S.C. 1831 ); of which $65,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used to support avian health; of which $3,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for information technology infrastructure; of which $216,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for specialty crop pests, of which $8,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, shall be for one-time control and management and associated activities directly related to the multiple-agency response to citrus greening; of which, $10,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for field crop and rangeland ecosystem pests; of which $21,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for zoonotic disease management; of which $44,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for emergency preparedness and response; of which $58,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for tree and wood pests; of which $6,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the National Veterinary Stockpile; of which up to $1,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the scrapie program for indemnities; of which $2,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the wildlife damage management program for aviation safety: Provided, That of amounts available under this heading for wildlife services methods development, $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of amounts available under this heading for the screwworm program, $4,990,000 shall remain available until expended; of which $24,527,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used to carry out the science program and transition activities for the National Bio and Agro-defense Facility located in Manhattan, Kansas: Provided further, That no funds shall be used to formulate or administer a brucellosis eradication program for the current fiscal year that does not require minimum matching by the States of at least 40 percent: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available for the purchase, replacement, operation, and maintenance of aircraft: Provided further, That in addition, in emergencies which threaten any segment of the agricultural production industry of the United States, the Secretary may transfer from other appropriations or funds available to the agencies or corporations of the Department such sums as may be deemed necessary, to be available only in such emergencies for the arrest and eradication of contagious or infectious disease or pests of animals, poultry, or plants, and for expenses in accordance with sections 10411 and 10417 of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8310 and 8316) and sections 431 and 442 of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7751 and 7772), and any unexpended balances of funds transferred for such emergency purposes in the preceding fiscal year shall be merged with such transferred amounts: Provided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to law ( 7 U.S.C. 2250 ) for the repair and alteration of leased buildings and improvements, but unless otherwise provided the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. In fiscal year 2025, the agency is authorized to collect fees to cover the total costs of providing technical assistance, goods, or services requested by States, other political subdivisions, domestic and international organizations, foreign governments, or individuals, provided that such fees are structured such that any entity's liability for such fees is reasonably based on the technical assistance, goods, or services provided to the entity by the agency, and such fees shall be reimbursed to this account, to remain available until expended, without further appropriation, for providing such assistance, goods, or services. Agricultural marketing service MARKETING SERVICES For necessary expenses of the Agricultural Marketing Service, $192,200,000, of which $5,000,000 shall be available for the purposes of section 12306 of Public Law 113–79 , and of which $1,000,000 shall be available for the purposes of section 779 of division A of Public Law 117–103 : Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $9,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be to carry out section 12513 of Public Law 115–334 , of which $7,000,000 shall be for dairy business innovation initiatives established in Public Law 116–6 and the Secretary shall take measures to ensure an equal distribution of funds between these three regional innovation initiatives: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available pursuant to law ( 7 U.S.C. 2250 ) for the alteration and repair of buildings and improvements, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. Fees may be collected for the cost of standardization activities, as established by regulation pursuant to law ( 31 U.S.C. 9701 ), except for the cost of activities relating to the development or maintenance of grain standards under the United States Grain Standards Act, 7 U.S.C. 71 et seq. LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES Not to exceed $62,596,000 (from fees collected) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for administrative expenses: Provided, That if crop size is understated and/or other uncontrollable events occur, the agency may exceed this limitation by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. FUNDS FOR STRENGTHENING MARKETS, INCOME, AND SUPPLY (SECTION 32) (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) Funds available under section 32 of the Act of August 24, 1935 ( 7 U.S.C. 612c ), shall be used only for commodity program expenses as authorized therein, and other related operating expenses, except for: (1) transfers to the Department of Commerce as authorized by the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 ( 16 U.S.C. 742a et seq. ); (2) transfers otherwise provided in this Act; and (3) not more than $22,701,000 for formulation and administration of marketing agreements and orders pursuant to the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 and the Agricultural Act of 1961 ( Public Law 87–128 ). PAYMENTS TO STATES AND POSSESSIONS For payments to departments of agriculture, bureaus and departments of markets, and similar agencies for marketing activities under section 204(b) of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 ( 7 U.S.C. 1623(b) ), $1,000,000. LIMITATION ON INSPECTION AND WEIGHING SERVICES EXPENSES Not to exceed $55,000,000 (from fees collected) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for inspection and weighing services: Provided, That if grain export activities require additional supervision and oversight, or other uncontrollable factors occur, this limitation may be exceeded by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. Office of the under secretary for food safety For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Food Safety, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Food Safety mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. Food safety and inspection service For necessary expenses to carry out services authorized by the Federal Meat Inspection Act, the Poultry Products Inspection Act, and the Egg Products Inspection Act, including not to exceed $10,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to section 8 of the Act approved August 3, 1956 ( 7 U.S.C. 1766 ), $1,223,841,000; and in addition, $1,000,000 may be credited to this account from fees collected for the cost of laboratory accreditation as authorized by section 1327 of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation and Trade Act of 1990 ( 7 U.S.C. 138f ): Provided, That funds provided for the Public Health Data Communication Infrastructure system shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That no fewer than 148 full-time equivalent positions shall be employed during fiscal year 2025 for purposes dedicated solely to inspections and enforcement related to the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act ( 7 U.S.C. 1901 et seq. ): Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available pursuant to law ( 7 U.S.C. 2250 ) for the alteration and repair of buildings and improvements, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. II FARM PRODUCTION AND CONSERVATION PROGRAMS Office of the under secretary for farm production and conservation For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Farm Production and Conservation, $901,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Farm Production and Conservation mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. Farm production and conservation business center SALARIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Farm Production and Conservation Business Center, $213,671,000, of which $1,000,000 shall be for the implementation of section 773 of Public Law 117–328 : Provided , That $70,740,000 of amounts appropriated for the current fiscal year pursuant to section 1241(a) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 1985 ( 16 U.S.C. 3841(a) ) shall be transferred to and merged with this account. Farm service agency SALARIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Farm Service Agency, $1,204,307,000, of which not less than $15,000,000 shall be for the hiring of new employees to fill vacancies and anticipated vacancies at Farm Service Agency county offices and farm loan officers and shall be available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That the agency shall submit a report by the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025 to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress that identifies for each project/investment that is operational (a) current performance against key indicators of customer satisfaction, (b) current performance of service level agreements or other technical metrics, (c) current performance against a pre-established cost baseline, (d) a detailed breakdown of current and planned spending on operational enhancements or upgrades, and (e) an assessment of whether the investment continues to meet business needs as intended as well as alternatives to the investment: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to use the services, facilities, and authorities (but not the funds) of the Commodity Credit Corporation to make program payments for all programs administered by the Agency: Provided further, That other funds made available to the Agency for authorized activities may be advanced to and merged with this account: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $696,594,000 shall be made available to county offices, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the preceding proviso, any funds made available to county offices in the current fiscal year that the Administrator of the Farm Service Agency deems to exceed or not meet the amount needed for the county offices may be transferred to or from the Farm Service Agency for necessary expenses: Provided further, That none of the funds available to the Farm Service Agency shall be used to close Farm Service Agency county offices: Provided further, That none of the funds available to the Farm Service Agency shall be used to permanently relocate county based employees that would result in an office with two or fewer employees without prior notification and approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. STATE MEDIATION GRANTS For grants pursuant to section 502(b) of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987, as amended ( 7 U.S.C. 5101–5106 ), $6,000,000: Provided, That the Secretary of Agriculture may determine that United States territories and Federally recognized Indian tribes are States for the purposes of Subtitle A of such Act. GRASSROOTS SOURCE WATER PROTECTION PROGRAM For necessary expenses to carry out wellhead or groundwater protection activities under section 1240O of the Food Security Act of 1985 ( 16 U.S.C. 3839bb–2 ), $7,000,000, to remain available until expended. DAIRY INDEMNITY PROGRAM (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses involved in making indemnity payments to dairy farmers and manufacturers of dairy products under a dairy indemnity program, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such program is carried out by the Secretary in the same manner as the dairy indemnity program described in the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2001 ( Public Law 106–387 , 114 Stat. 1549A–12). AGRICULTURAL CREDIT INSURANCE FUND PROGRAM ACCOUNT (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed farm ownership ( 7 U.S.C. 1922 et seq. ) and operating ( 7 U.S.C. 1941 et seq. ) loans, emergency loans ( 7 U.S.C. 1961 et seq. ), Indian tribe land acquisition loans ( 25 U.S.C. 5136 ), boll weevil loans ( 7 U.S.C. 1989 ), direct conservation loans ( 7 U.S.C. 1924 et seq. ), and relending program ( 7 U.S.C. 1936c ) to be available from funds in the Agricultural Credit Insurance Fund, as follows: $3,500,000,000 for guaranteed farm ownership loans and $1,966,970,000 for farm ownership direct loans; $2,118,491,000 for unsubsidized guaranteed operating loans and $1,100,000,000 for direct operating loans; emergency loans, $37,000,000; Indian tribe land acquisition loans, $20,000,000; direct conservation loans, $300,000,000; relending program, $7,705,000; and for boll weevil eradication program loans, $5,000,000: Provided, That the Secretary shall deem the pink bollworm to be a boll weevil for the purpose of boll weevil eradication program loans. For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans and grants, including the cost of modifying loans as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as follows: $4,488,000 for emergency loans, to remain available until expended; and $35,602,000 for direct farm ownership loans, $2,860,000 for direct farm operating loans, $2,661,000 for the relending program, and $18,000 for boll weevil eradication program loans. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $326,053,000: Provided, That of this amount, $305,803,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Expenses . Funds appropriated by this Act to the Agricultural Credit Insurance Program Account for farm ownership, operating, conservation, and emergency direct loans and loan guarantees may be transferred among these programs: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. Risk management agency SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Risk Management Agency, $61,855,000: Provided, That $1,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading in this Act shall be available for compliance and integrity activities required under section 516(b)(2)(C) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act of 1938 ( 7 U.S.C. 1516(b)(2)(C) ), and shall be in addition to amounts otherwise provided for such purpose: Provided further, That not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses, as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 1506(i) . Natural resources conservation service CONSERVATION OPERATIONS For necessary expenses for carrying out the provisions of the Act of April 27, 1935 (16 U.S.C. 590a–f), including preparation of conservation plans and establishment of measures to conserve soil and water (including farm irrigation and land drainage and such special measures for soil and water management as may be necessary to prevent floods and the siltation of reservoirs and to control agricultural related pollutants); operation of conservation plant materials centers; classification and mapping of soil; dissemination of information; acquisition of lands, water, and interests therein for use in the plant materials program by donation, exchange, or purchase at a nominal cost not to exceed $100 pursuant to the Act of August 3, 1956 ( 7 U.S.C. 2268a ); purchase and erection or alteration or improvement of permanent and temporary buildings; and operation and maintenance of aircraft, $902,994,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which $24,240,000 shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified for this account in the table titled Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2250 for construction and improvement of buildings and public improvements at plant materials centers, except that the cost of alterations and improvements to other buildings and other public improvements shall not exceed $250,000: Provided further, That when buildings or other structures are erected on non-Federal land, that the right to use such land is obtained as provided in 7 U.S.C. 2250a: Provided further, That of the total amount available under this heading, $4,000,000 shall be for necessary expenses to carry out the Urban Agriculture and Innovative Production Program under section 222 of subtitle A of title II of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 ( 7 U.S.C. 6923 ), as amended by section 12302 of Public Law 115—334. WATERSHED AND FLOOD PREVENTION OPERATIONS For necessary expenses to carry out preventive measures, including but not limited to surveys and investigations, engineering operations, works of improvement, and changes in use of land, in accordance with the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1001–1005 and 1007–1009) and in accordance with the provisions of laws relating to the activities of the Department, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That for funds provided by this Act or any other prior Act, the limitation regarding the size of the watershed or subwatershed exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand acres in which such activities can be undertaken shall only apply for activities undertaken for the primary purpose of flood prevention (including structural and land treatment measures). WATERSHED REHABILITATION PROGRAM Under the authorities of section 14 of the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act, $10,000,000 is provided. CORPORATIONS The following corporations and agencies are hereby authorized to make expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to each such corporation or agency and in accord with law, and to make contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 104 of the Government Corporation Control Act as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for such corporation or agency, except as hereinafter provided. Federal crop insurance corporation fund For payments as authorized by section 516 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act ( 7 U.S.C. 1516 ), such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended. Commodity credit corporation fund REIMBURSEMENT FOR NET REALIZED LOSSES (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary to reimburse the Commodity Credit Corporation for net realized losses sustained, but not previously reimbursed, pursuant to section 2 of the Act of August 17, 1961 ( 15 U.S.C. 713a–11 ): Provided, That of the funds available to the Commodity Credit Corporation under section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act ( 15 U.S.C. 714i ) for the conduct of its business with the Foreign Agricultural Service, up to $5,000,000 may be transferred to and used by the Foreign Agricultural Service for information resource management activities of the Foreign Agricultural Service that are not related to Commodity Credit Corporation business: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate in writing 15 days prior to the obligation or commitment of any emergency funds from the Commodity Credit Corporation: Provided further , That such written notification shall include a detailed spend plan for the anticipated uses of such funds and an expected timeline for program execution if such obligation or commitment exceeds $100,000,000. HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT (LIMITATION ON EXPENSES) For the current fiscal year, the Commodity Credit Corporation shall not expend more than $15,000,000 for site investigation and cleanup expenses, and operations and maintenance expenses to comply with the requirement of section 107(g) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ( 42 U.S.C. 9607(g) ), and section 6001 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act ( 42 U.S.C. 6961 ). III RURAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS Office of the under secretary for rural development For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Rural Development, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Rural Development mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. Rural development SALARIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses for carrying out the administration and implementation of Rural Development programs, including activities with institutions concerning the development and operation of agricultural cooperatives; and for cooperative agreements; $346,087,000: Provided, That of the amount made available under this heading, no less than $75,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used for information technology expenses: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated under this heading may be used for advertising and promotional activities that support Rural Development programs: Provided further, That in addition to any other funds appropriated for purposes authorized by section 502(i) of the Housing Act of 1949 ( 42 U.S.C. 1472(i) ), any amounts collected under such section, as amended by this Act, will immediately be credited to this account and will remain available until expended for such purposes: Provided further , That of the amount made available under this heading, $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the Secretary of Agriculture to carry out a pilot program that assists rural hospitals to improve longterm operations and financial health by providing technical assistance through analysis of current hospital management practices. Rural housing service RURAL HOUSING INSURANCE FUND PROGRAM ACCOUNT (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed loans as authorized by title V of the Housing Act of 1949, to be available from funds in the rural housing insurance fund, as follows: $950,000,000 shall be for section 502 direct loans; $5,000,000 shall be for a Single Family Housing Relending demonstration program for Native American Tribes; and $25,000,000,000, which shall remain available until September 30, 2026 shall be for section 502 unsubsidized guaranteed loans; $18,000,000 for section 504 housing repair loans; $48,000,000 for section 515 rental housing; $400,000,000 for section 538 guaranteed multi-family housing loans; $10,000,000 for credit sales of single family housing acquired property; $5,000,000 for section 523 self-help housing land development loans; and $5,000,000 for section 524 site development loans. For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as follows: section 502 loans, $112,100,000 shall be for direct loans; Single Family Housing Relending demonstration program for Native American Tribes, $2,469,000; section 504 housing repair loans, $3,852,000; section 523 self-help housing land development loans, $726,000; section 524 site development loans, $491,000; and repair, rehabilitation, and new construction of section 515 rental housing, $19,003,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That to support the loan program level for section 538 guaranteed loans made available under this heading the Secretary may charge or adjust any fees to cover the projected cost of such loan guarantees pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Reform Act of 1990 ( 2 U.S.C. 661 et seq. ), and the interest on such loans may not be subsidized: Provided further, That applicants in communities that have a current rural area waiver under section 541 of the Housing Act of 1949 ( 42 U.S.C. 1490q ) shall be treated as living in a rural area for purposes of section 502 guaranteed loans provided under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts available under this paragraph for section 502 direct loans, no less than $5,000,000 shall be available for direct loans for individuals whose homes will be built pursuant to a program funded with a mutual and self-help housing grant authorized by section 523 of the Housing Act of 1949 until June 1, 2025: Provided further, That the Secretary shall implement provisions to provide incentives to nonprofit organizations and public housing authorities to facilitate the acquisition of Rural Housing Service (RHS) multifamily housing properties by such nonprofit organizations and public housing authorities that commit to keep such properties in the RHS multifamily housing program for a period of time as determined by the Secretary, with such incentives to include, but not be limited to, the following: allow such nonprofit entities and public housing authorities to earn a Return on Investment on their own resources to include proceeds from low income housing tax credit syndication, own contributions, grants, and developer loans at favorable rates and terms, invested in a deal; and allow reimbursement of organizational costs associated with owner’s oversight of asset referred to as Asset Management Fee of up to $7,500 per property. In addition, for the cost of direct loans and grants, including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, $28,000,000, to remain available until expended, for a demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of the sections 514, 515, and 516 multi-family rental housing properties to restructure existing USDA multi-family housing loans, as the Secretary deems appropriate, expressly for the purposes of ensuring the project has sufficient resources to preserve the project for the purpose of providing safe and affordable housing for low-income residents and farm laborers including reducing or eliminating interest; deferring loan payments, subordinating, reducing or re-amortizing loan debt; and other financial assistance including advances, payments and incentives (including the ability of owners to obtain reasonable returns on investment) required by the Secretary: Provided, That the Secretary shall, as part of the preservation and revitalization agreement, obtain a restrictive use agreement consistent with the terms of the restructuring. In addition, for the cost of direct loans, grants, and contracts, as authorized by sections 514 and 516 of the Housing Act of 1949 ( 42 U.S.C. 1484 , 1486), $4,845,000, to remain available until expended for direct farm labor housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $412,254,000 shall be paid to the appropriation for Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses . RENTAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM For rental assistance agreements entered into or renewed pursuant to the authority under section 521(a)(2) of the Housing Act of 1949 or agreements entered into in lieu of debt forgiveness or payments for eligible households as authorized by section 502(c)(5)(D) of the Housing Act of 1949, $1,684,376,000, and in addition such sums as may be necessary, as authorized by section 521(c) of the Act, to liquidate debt incurred prior to fiscal year 1992 to carry out the rental assistance program under section 521(a)(2) of the Act: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available for renewal of rental assistance agreements for a maximum of 1,000 units where the Secretary determines that a maturing loan for a project cannot reasonably be restructured with another USDA loan or modification and the project was operating with rental assistance under section 521 of the Housing Act of 1949: Provided further, That the Secretary may enter into rental assistance contracts in maturing properties with existing rental assistance agreements notwithstanding any provision of section 521 of the Housing Act of 1949, for a term of at least 10 years but not more than 20 years: Provided further, That any agreement to enter into a rental assistance contract under section 521 of the Housing Act of 1949 for a maturing property shall obligate the owner to continue to maintain the project as decent, safe, and sanitary housing and to operate the development in accordance with the Housing Act of 1949, except that rents shall be based on current Fair Market Rents as established by the Department of Housing and Urban Development pursuant to 24 CFR 888 Subpart A, 42 U.S.C. 1437f and 3535d, to determine the maximum initial rent and adjusted annually by the Operating Cost Adjustment Factor pursuant to 24 CFR 888 Subpart B, unless the Agency determines that the project’s budget-based needs require a higher rent, in which case the Agency may approve a budget-based rent level: Provided further, That rental assistance agreements entered into or renewed during the current fiscal year shall be funded for a one year period: Provided further, That upon request by an owner under section 514 or 515 of the Act, the Secretary may renew the rental assistance agreement for a period of 20 years or until the term of such loan has expired, subject to annual appropriations: Provided further, That any unexpended balances remaining at the end of such one-year agreements may be transferred and used for purposes of any debt reduction, maintenance, repair, or rehabilitation of any existing projects; preservation; and rental assistance activities authorized under title V of the Act: Provided further, That rental assistance provided under agreements entered into prior to fiscal year 2024 for a farm labor multi-family housing project financed under section 514 or 516 of the Act may not be recaptured for use in another project until such assistance has remained unused for a period of twelve consecutive months, if such project has a waiting list of tenants seeking such assistance or the project has rental assistance eligible tenants who are not receiving such assistance: Provided further, That such recaptured rental assistance shall, to the extent practicable, be applied to another farm labor multi-family housing project financed under section 514 or 516 of the Act: Provided further, That except as provided in the eighth proviso under this heading and notwithstanding any other provision of the Act, the Secretary may recapture rental assistance provided under agreements entered into prior to fiscal year 2024 for a project that the Secretary determines no longer needs rental assistance and use such recaptured funds for current needs. RURAL HOUSING VOUCHER ACCOUNT For the rural housing voucher program as authorized under section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949, but notwithstanding subsection (b) of such section, $54,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the funds made available under this heading shall be available for rural housing vouchers to any low-income household (including those not receiving rental assistance) residing in a property financed with a section 515 loan which has been prepaid or otherwise paid off after September 30, 2005 and is not receiving stand-alone section 521 rental assistance: Provided further, That the amount of such voucher shall be the difference between comparable market rent for the section 515 unit and the tenant paid rent for such unit: Provided further, That funds made available for such vouchers shall be subject to the availability of annual appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, administer such vouchers with current regulations and administrative guidance applicable to section 8 housing vouchers administered by the Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development: Provided further, That in addition to any other available funds, the Secretary may expend not more than $1,000,000 total, from the program funds made available under this heading, for administrative expenses for activities funded under this heading. MUTUAL AND SELF-HELP HOUSING GRANTS For grants and contracts pursuant to section 523(b)(1)(A) of the Housing Act of 1949 ( 42 U.S.C. 1490c ), $20,000,000, to remain available until expended. RURAL HOUSING ASSISTANCE GRANTS For grants for very low-income housing repair and rural housing preservation made by the Rural Housing Service, as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 1474 , and 1490m, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended. RURAL COMMUNITY FACILITIES PROGRAM ACCOUNT (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed loans as authorized by section 306 and described in section 381E(d)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $1,000,000,000 for direct loans and $650,000,000 for guaranteed loans. For the cost of direct loans, loan guarantees and grants, including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, for rural community facilities programs as authorized by section 306 and described in section 381E(d)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $493,230,000, to remain available until expended, of which up to $461,155,000 shall be for fiscal years 2025 and 2026, for purposes, and in the amounts, specified for this account in the table titled Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That $4,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be available for a Rural Community Development Initiative: Provided further, That such funds shall be used solely to develop the capacity and ability of private, nonprofit community-based housing and community development organizations, low-income rural communities, and Federally Recognized Native American Tribes to undertake projects to improve housing, community facilities, community and economic development projects in rural areas: Provided further, That such funds shall be made available to qualified private, nonprofit and public intermediary organizations proposing to carry out a program of financial and technical assistance: Provided further, That such intermediary organizations shall provide matching funds from other sources, including Federal funds for related activities, in an amount not less than funds provided: Provided further, That any unobligated balances from prior year appropriations under this heading for the cost of direct loans, loan guarantees and grants, including amounts deobligated or cancelled, may be made available to cover the subsidy costs for direct loans and or loan guarantees under this heading in this fiscal year: Provided further, That no amounts may be made available pursuant to the preceding proviso from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, or that were specified in the tables titled Community Project Funding/Congressionally Directed Spending in the explanatory statements for division A of Public Law 117–103 and division A of Public Law 117–328 as described in section 4 in the matter preceding each such division A: Provided further, That $6,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be available for community facilities grants to tribal colleges, as authorized by section 306(a)(19) of such Act: Provided further, That sections 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act are not applicable to the funds made available under this heading: Provided further , That in addition to any other available funds, the Secretary may expend not more than $1,000,000 total, from the program funds made available under this heading, for administrative expenses for activities funded under this heading. Rural business—Cooperative service RURAL BUSINESS PROGRAM ACCOUNT For gross obligations for the principal amount of guaranteed loans as authorized by section 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act ( 7 U.S.C. 1932(g) ), $2,200,000,000. For the cost of loan guarantees and grants, for the rural business development programs authorized by section 310B and described in subsections (a), (c), (f) and (g) of section 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $26,400,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $4,000,000 shall be for grants to the Delta Regional Authority ( 7 U.S.C. 2009aa et seq. ), the Northern Border Regional Commission ( 40 U.S.C. 15101 et seq. ), the Southwest Border Regional Commission ( 40 U.S.C. 15301 et seq. ), and the Appalachian Regional Commission ( 40 U.S.C. 14101 et seq. ) for any Rural Community Advancement Program purpose as described in section 381E(d) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, of which not more than 5 percent may be used for administrative expenses: Provided further, That $4,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for business grants to benefit Federally Recognized Native American Tribes, including $250,000 for a grant to a qualified national organization to provide technical assistance for rural transportation in order to promote economic development: Provided further, That sections 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act are not applicable to funds made available under this heading. INTERMEDIARY RELENDING PROGRAM FUND ACCOUNT (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized by the Intermediary Relending Program Fund Account ( 7 U.S.C. 1936b ), $9,000,000. For the cost of direct loans, $3,065,000, as authorized by the Intermediary Relending Program Fund Account ( 7 U.S.C. 1936b ), of which $573,000 shall be available through June 30, 2025, for Federally Recognized Native American Tribes; and of which $1,147,000 shall be available through June 30, 2025, for Mississippi Delta Region counties (as determined in accordance with Public Law 100–460 ): Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan programs, $4,468,000 shall be paid to the appropriation for Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses . RURAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT For the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized under section 313B(a) of the Rural Electrification Act, for the purpose of promoting rural economic development and job creation projects, $75,000,000. The cost of grants authorized under section 313B(a) of the Rural Electrification Act, for the purpose of promoting rural economic development and job creation projects shall not exceed $10,000,000. RURAL COOPERATIVE DEVELOPMENT GRANTS For rural cooperative development grants authorized under section 310B(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act ( 7 U.S.C. 1932 ), $16,600,000, of which $2,800,000 shall be for cooperative agreements for the appropriate technology transfer for rural areas program: Provided, That not to exceed $3,000,000 shall be for grants for cooperative development centers, individual cooperatives, or groups of cooperatives that serve socially disadvantaged groups and a majority of the boards of directors or governing boards of which are comprised of individuals who are members of socially disadvantaged groups; and of which $5,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for value-added agricultural product market development grants, as authorized by section 210A of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946, of which $1,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for Agriculture Innovation Centers authorized pursuant to section 6402 of Public Law 107–171 . RURAL MICROENTREPRENEUR ASSISTANCE PROGRAM For the principal amount of direct loans as authorized by section 379E of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act ( 7 U.S.C. 2008s ), $20,000,000. For the cost of loans and grants, $5,000,000 under the same terms and conditions as authorized by section 379E of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act ( 7 U.S.C. 2008s ). RURAL ENERGY FOR AMERICA PROGRAM For the principal amount of loan guarantees, under the same terms and conditions as authorized by section 9007 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 ( 7 U.S.C. 8107 ), $100,000,000. Rural utilities service RURAL WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAM ACCOUNT (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed loans as authorized by section 306 and described in section 381E(d)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, as follows: $860,000,000 for direct loans; and $50,000,000 for guaranteed loans. For the direct cost of direct loans, loan guarantees and grants, including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, for rural water, waste water, waste disposal, and solid waste management programs authorized by sections 306, 306A, 306C, 306D, 306E, and 310B and described in sections 306C(a)(2), 306D, 306E, and 381E(d)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $496,716,000, to remain available until expended, of which up to $96,975,000 shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified for this account in the table titled Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be available for the rural utilities program described in section 306(a)(2)(B) of such Act: Provided , That not to exceed $4,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be available for the rural utilities program described in section 306E of such Act: Provided further , That not to exceed $10,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for grants authorized by section 306A(i)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act in addition to funding authorized by section 306A(i)(1) of such Act: Provided further, That $20,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for loans and grants including water and waste disposal systems grants authorized by section 306C(a)(2)(B) and section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, and Federally Recognized Native American Tribes authorized by 306C(a)(1) of such Act, and the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands (of the State of Hawaii): Provided further, That funding provided for section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act may be provided to a consortium formed pursuant to section 325 of Public Law 105–83 : Provided further, That not more than 2 percent of the funding provided for section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act may be used by the State of Alaska for training and technical assistance programs and not more than 2 percent of the funding provided for section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act may be used by a consortium formed pursuant to section 325 of Public Law 105–83 for training and technical assistance programs: Provided further, That $30,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for technical assistance grants for rural water and waste systems pursuant to section 306(a)(14) of such Act, unless the Secretary makes a determination of extreme need, of which $8,500,000 shall be made available for a grant to a qualified nonprofit multi-State regional technical assistance organization, with experience in working with small communities on water and waste water problems, the principal purpose of such grant shall be to assist rural communities with populations of 3,300 or less, in improving the planning, financing, development, operation, and management of water and waste water systems, and of which not less than $800,000 shall be for a qualified national Native American organization to provide technical assistance for rural water systems for tribal communities: Provided further, That not to exceed $21,817,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for contracting with qualified national organizations for a circuit rider program to provide technical assistance for rural water systems: Provided further, That not to exceed $4,000,000 of the amounts made available under this heading shall be for solid waste management grants: Provided further, That not to exceed $3,130,000 of the amounts appropriated under this heading shall be available as the Secretary deems appropriate for water and waste direct one percent loans for distressed communities: Provided further, That if the Secretary determines that any portion of the amount made available for one percent loans is not needed for such loans, the Secretary may use such amounts for grants authorized by section 306(a)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided further, That if any funds made available for the direct loan subsidy costs remain unobligated after July 31, 2025, such unobligated balances may be used for grant programs funded under this heading. RURAL ELECTRIFICATION AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) The principal amount of loans and loan guarantees as authorized by sections 4, 305, 306, 313A, and 317 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 ( 7 U.S.C. 904 , 935, 936, 940c–1, and 940g) shall be made as follows: guaranteed rural electric loans made pursuant to section 306 of that Act, $2,167,000,000; cost of money direct loans made pursuant to sections 4, notwithstanding the one-eighth of one percent in 4(c)(2), and 317, notwithstanding 317(c), of that Act, $4,333,000,000; guaranteed underwriting loans pursuant to section 313A of that Act, $900,000,000; and for cost-of-money rural telecommunications loans made pursuant to section 305(d)(2) of that Act, and for loans made pursuant to Section 306 of that Act, $690,000,000. For the cost of direct loans as authorized by section 305(d)(2) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 ( 7 U.S.C. 935(d)(2) ), including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, cost of money rural telecommunications loans, $3,830,000. In addition, $5,040,000 to remain available until expended, to carry out section 6407 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 ( 7 U.S.C. 8107a ): Provided, That the energy efficiency measures supported by the funding in this paragraph shall contribute in a demonstrable way to the reduction of greenhouse gases. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $33,270,000, which shall be paid to the appropriation for Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses . DISTANCE LEARNING, TELEMEDICINE, AND BROADBAND PROGRAM For grants for telemedicine and distance learning services in rural areas, as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 950aaa et seq. , $35,469,000, to remain available until expended, of which up to $10,469,000 shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified for this account in the table titled Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That $3,000,000 shall be made available for grants authorized by section 379G of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided further, That funding provided under this heading for grants under section 379G of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act may only be provided to entities that meet all of the eligibility criteria for a consortium as established by this section. For the cost to continue a broadband loan and grant pilot program established by section 779 of division A of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 ( Public Law 115–141 ) under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936, as amended ( 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq. ), $105,842,000, to remain available until expended, of which up to $5,842,000 shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified for this account in the table titled Community Project Funding in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That the Secretary may award grants described in section 601(a) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936, as amended ( 7 U.S.C. 950bb(a) ) for the purposes of carrying out such pilot program: Provided further, That the cost of direct loans shall be defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That at least 90 percent of the households to be served by a project receiving a loan or grant under the pilot program shall be in a rural area without sufficient access to broadband: Provided further, That for purposes of such pilot program, a rural area without sufficient access to broadband shall be defined as twenty-five megabits per second downstream and three megabits per second upstream: Provided further, That to the extent possible, projects receiving funds provided under the pilot program must build out service to at least one hundred megabits per second downstream, and twenty megabits per second upstream: Provided further, That an entity to which a loan or grant is made under the pilot program shall not use the loan or grant to overbuild or duplicate broadband service in a service area by any entity that has received a broadband loan from the Rural Utilities Service unless such service is not provided sufficient access to broadband at the minimum service threshold: Provided further, That not more than four percent of the funds made available in this paragraph can be used for administrative costs to carry out the pilot program and up to three percent of funds made available in this paragraph may be available for technical assistance and pre-development planning activities to support the most rural communities: Provided further, That the Rural Utilities Service is directed to expedite program delivery methods that would implement this paragraph: Provided further, That for purposes of this paragraph, the Secretary shall adhere to the notice, reporting and service area assessment requirements set forth in section 701 of the Rural Electrification Act ( 7 U.S.C. 950cc ). In addition, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the Community Connect Grant Program authorized by 7 U.S.C. 950bb–3 . IV DOMESTIC FOOD PROGRAMS Office of the under secretary for food, nutrition, and consumer services For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Food, Nutrition and Consumer Services mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. Food and nutrition service CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAMS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses to carry out the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq. ), except section 21, and the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 ( 42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq. ), except sections 17 and 21; $31,749,468,000, to remain available through September 30, 2026, of which such sums as are made available under section 14222(b)(1) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–246 ), as amended by this Act, shall be merged with and available for the same time period and purposes as provided herein: Provided, That of the total amount available, $18,004,000 shall be available to carry out section 19 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 ( 42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq. ): Provided further, That of the total amount available, $21,005,000 shall be available to carry out studies and evaluations and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the total amount available, $3,000,000 shall remain available until expended to carry out section 18(g) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1769(g) ): Provided further, That notwithstanding section 18(g)(3)(C) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1769(g)(3)(c) ), the total grant amount provided to a farm to school grant recipient in fiscal year 2025 shall not exceed $500,000: Provided further, That of the total amount available, $10,000,000 shall be available to provide competitive grants to State agencies for subgrants to local educational agencies and schools to purchase the equipment, with a value of greater than $1,000, needed to serve healthier meals, improve food safety, and to help support the establishment, maintenance, or expansion of the school breakfast program: Provided further, That of the total amount available, $4,196,000 shall be available for food safety education including activities that support sections 17 and 21 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 ( 42 U.S.C. 1786 , 1790) and to support the safe distribution of USDA Foods, as defined in 7 CFR 250.2: Provided further, That section 26(d) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1769g(d) ) is amended in the first sentence by striking 2010 through 2025 and inserting 2010 through 2026 : Provided further, That section 9(h)(3) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1758(h)(3) ) is amended in the first sentence by striking For fiscal year 2024 and inserting For fiscal year 2025 : Provided further, That section 9(h)(4) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1758(h)(4) ) is amended in the first sentence by striking For fiscal year 2024 and inserting For fiscal year 2025 . SPECIAL SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION PROGRAM FOR WOMEN, INFANTS, AND CHILDREN (WIC) For necessary expenses to carry out the special supplemental nutrition program as authorized by section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 ( 42 U.S.C. 1786 ), $7,235,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2026: Provided, That notwithstanding section 17(h)(10) of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 ( 42 U.S.C. 1786(h)(10) ), not less than $90,000,000 shall be used for breastfeeding peer counselors and other related activities: Provided further, That the Secretary shall use funds made available under this heading to increase the amount of a cash-value voucher for women and children participants to an amount recommended by the National Academies of Science, Engineering and Medicine and adjusted for inflation: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this account shall be available for the purchase of infant formula except in accordance with the cost containment and competitive bidding requirements specified in section 17 of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall require State agencies to authorize fresh, frozen, canned, and dried fruit and vegetables for Food Packages III, IV, V, VI, VII, and VIII under the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children established under section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 ( 42 U.S.C. 1786 ): Provided further, That none of the funds provided shall be available for activities that are not fully reimbursed by other Federal Government departments or agencies unless authorized by section 17 of such Act: Provided further, That upon termination of a federally mandated vendor moratorium and subject to terms and conditions established by the Secretary, the Secretary may waive the requirement at 7 CFR 246.12(g)(6) at the request of a State agency. SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM For necessary expenses to carry out the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 ( 7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq. ), $123,160,159,000, of which $3,000,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2027, shall be placed in reserve for use only in such amounts and at such times as may become necessary to carry out program operations: Provided, That funds provided herein shall be expended in accordance with section 16 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $998,000 may be used to provide nutrition education services to State agencies and Federally Recognized Tribes participating in the Food Distribution Program on Indian Reservations: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $4,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, shall be used to carry out section 4003(b) of Public Law 115–334 relating to demonstration projects for tribal organizations: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $3,000,000 shall be used to carry out section 4208 of Public Law 115–334 : Provided further, That this appropriation shall be subject to any work registration or workfare requirements as may be required by law: Provided further, That funds made available for Employment and Training under this heading shall remain available through September 30, 2026: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for section 28(d)(1), section 4(b), and section 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 shall remain available through September 30, 2026: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be obligated or expended in contravention of section 213A of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1183A ): Provided further, That funds made available under this heading may be used to enter into contracts and employ staff to conduct studies, evaluations, or to conduct activities related to program integrity provided that such activities are authorized by the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008. COMMODITY ASSISTANCE PROGRAM For necessary expenses to carry out disaster assistance and the Commodity Supplemental Food Program as authorized by section 4(a) of the Agriculture and Consumer Protection Act of 1973 ( 7 U.S.C. 612c note); the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983; special assistance for the nuclear affected islands, as authorized by section 103(f)(2) of the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 ( Public Law 108–188 ); and the Farmers' Market Nutrition Program, as authorized by section 17(m) of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966, $502,044,000, to remain available through September 30, 2026: Provided, That none of these funds shall be available to reimburse the Commodity Credit Corporation for commodities donated to the program: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, effective with funds made available in fiscal year 2025 to support the Seniors Farmers' Market Nutrition Program, as authorized by section 4402 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, such funds shall remain available through September 30, 2026: Provided further, That of the funds made available under section 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 ( 7 U.S.C. 2036(a) ), the Secretary may use up to 20 percent for costs associated with the distribution of commodities. NUTRITION PROGRAMS ADMINISTRATION For necessary administrative expenses of the Food and Nutrition Service for carrying out any domestic nutrition assistance program, $140,348,000: Provided, That of the funds provided herein, $2,000,000 shall be used for the purposes of section 4404 of Public Law 107–171 , as amended by section 4401 of Public Law 110–246 . V FOREIGN ASSISTANCE AND RELATED PROGRAMS Office of the under secretary for trade and foreign agricultural affairs For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs, $875,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to any agency in the Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. OFFICE OF CODEX ALIMENTARIUS For necessary expenses of the Office of Codex Alimentarius, $4,922,000, including not to exceed $40,000 for official reception and representation expenses. Foreign agricultural service SALARIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Foreign Agricultural Service, including not to exceed $250,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to section 8 of the Act approved August 3, 1956 ( 7 U.S.C. 1766 ), $222,330,000, of which no more than 6 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2026, for overseas operations to include the payment of locally employed staff: Provided, That the Service may utilize advances of funds, or reimburse this appropriation for expenditures made on behalf of Federal agencies, public and private organizations and institutions under agreements executed pursuant to the agricultural food production assistance programs ( 7 U.S.C. 1737 ) and the foreign assistance programs of the United States Agency for International Development: Provided further, That funds made available for middle-income country training programs, funds made available for the Borlaug International Agricultural Science and Technology Fellowship program, and up to $2,000,000 of the Foreign Agricultural Service appropriation solely for the purpose of offsetting fluctuations in international currency exchange rates, subject to documentation by the Foreign Agricultural Service, shall remain available until expended. FOOD FOR PEACE TITLE II GRANTS For expenses during the current fiscal year, not otherwise recoverable, and unrecovered prior years’ costs, including interest thereon, under the Food for Peace Act ( Public Law 83–480 ), for commodities supplied in connection with dispositions abroad under title II of said Act, $1,000,000,000, to remain available until expended. MCGOVERN-DOLE INTERNATIONAL FOOD FOR EDUCATION AND CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAM GRANTS For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 3107 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 ( 7 U.S.C. 1736o–1 ), $240,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Commodity Credit Corporation is authorized to provide the services, facilities, and authorities for the purpose of implementing such section, subject to reimbursement from amounts provided herein: Provided further, That of the amount made available under this heading, not more than 10 percent, but not less than $24,000,000, shall remain available until expended to purchase agricultural commodities as described in subsection 3107(a)(2) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 ( 7 U.S.C. 1736o–1(a)(2) ). COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION EXPORT (LOANS) CREDIT GUARANTEE PROGRAM ACCOUNT (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For administrative expenses to carry out the Commodity Credit Corporation's Export Guarantee Program, GSM 102 and GSM 103, $6,063,000, to cover common overhead expenses as permitted by section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act and in conformity with the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, which shall be paid to the appropriation for Foreign Agricultural Service, Salaries and Expenses . VI RELATED AGENCIES AND FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION Department of health and human services FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION SALARIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses of the Food and Drug Administration, including hire and purchase of passenger motor vehicles; for payment of space rental and related costs pursuant to Public Law 92–313 for programs and activities of the Food and Drug Administration which are included in this Act; for rental of special purpose space in the District of Columbia or elsewhere; in addition to amounts appropriated to the FDA Innovation Account, for carrying out the activities described in section 1002(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act ( Public Law 114–255 ); for miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities, authorized and approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary's certificate, not to exceed $25,000; and notwithstanding section 521 of Public Law 107–188 ; $6,749,535,000: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $1,450,545,000 shall be derived from prescription drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379h , and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $369,627,000 shall be derived from medical device user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j , and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $625,812,000 shall be derived from human generic drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–42 , and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $31,731,000 shall be derived from biosimilar biological product user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–52 , and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $34,170,000 shall be derived from animal drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–12 , and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $25,500,000 shall be derived from generic new animal drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–21 , and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $712,000,000 shall be derived from tobacco product user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 387s , and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided further, That in addition to and notwithstanding any other provision under this heading, amounts collected for prescription drug user fees, medical device user fees, human generic drug user fees, biosimilar biological product user fees, animal drug user fees, and generic new animal drug user fees that exceed the respective fiscal year 2025 limitations are appropriated and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided further, That fees derived from prescription drug, medical device, human generic drug, biosimilar biological product, animal drug, and generic new animal drug assessments for fiscal year 2025, including any such fees collected prior to fiscal year 2025 but credited for fiscal year 2025, shall be subject to the fiscal year 2025 limitations: Provided further, That the Secretary may accept payment during fiscal year 2025 of user fees specified under this heading and authorized for fiscal year 2026, prior to the due date for such fees, and that amounts of such fees assessed for fiscal year 2026 for which the Secretary accepts payment in fiscal year 2025 shall not be included in amounts under this heading: Provided further, That none of these funds shall be used to develop, establish, or operate any program of user fees authorized by 31 U.S.C. 9701: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated: (1) $1,185,989,000 shall be for the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition and related field activities in the Office of Inspections and Investigations, of which no less than $15,000,000 shall be used for inspections of foreign seafood manufacturers and field examinations of imported seafood; (2) $2,367,705,000 shall be for the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and related field activities in the Office Inspection and Investigations, of which no less than $10,000,000 shall be for pilots to increase unannounced foreign inspections and shall remain available until expended; (3) $576,826,000 shall be for the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research and for related field activities in the Office of Inspection and Investigations; (4) $285,387,000 shall be for the Center for Veterinary Medicine and for related field activities in the Office of Inspection and Investigations; (5) $777,345,000 shall be for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health and for related field activities in the Office of Inspection and Investigations; (6) $77,505,000 shall be for the National Center for Toxicological Research; (7) $684,348,000 shall be for the Center for Tobacco Products and for related field activities in the Office of Inspection and Investigations; (8) $215,313,000 shall be for Rent and Related activities, of which $53,061,000 is for White Oak Consolidation, other than the amounts paid to the General Services Administration for rent; (9) $220,610,000 shall be for payments to the General Services Administration for rent; and (10) $358,507,000 shall be for other activities, including the Office of the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, the Office of Food Policy and Response, the Office of Operations, the Office of the Chief Scientist, and central services for these offices: Provided further, That not to exceed $25,000 of this amount shall be for official reception and representation expenses, not otherwise provided for, as determined by the Commissioner: Provided further, That any transfer of funds pursuant to, and for the administration of, section 770(n) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 379dd(n) ) shall only be from amounts made available under this heading for other activities and shall not exceed $2,000,000: Provided further, That of the amounts that are made available under this heading for other activities , and that are not derived from user fees, $1,500,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for Department of Health and Human Services—Office of Inspector General for oversight of the programs and operations of the Food and Drug Administration and shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available for oversight of the Food and Drug Administration: Provided further, That funds may be transferred from one specified activity to another with the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. In addition, mammography user fees authorized by 42 U.S.C. 263b , export certification user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 381 , priority review user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360n and 360ff, food and feed recall fees, food reinspection fees, and voluntary qualified importer program fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–31 , outsourcing facility fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–62 , prescription drug wholesale distributor licensing and inspection fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 353(e)(3) , third-party logistics provider licensing and inspection fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360eee–3(c)(1) , third-party auditor fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 384d(c)(8) , medical countermeasure priority review voucher user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4a, and fees relating to over-the-counter monograph drugs authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–72 shall be credited to this account, to remain available until expended. FDA INNOVATION ACCOUNT, CURES ACT (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described under section 1002(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act, in addition to amounts available for such purposes under the heading Salaries and Expenses , $55,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That amounts appropriated in this paragraph are appropriated pursuant to section 1002(b)(3) of the 21st Century Cures Act, are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1002(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs to the appropriation for Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Salaries and Expenses solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Commissioner that funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso are not necessary for the purposes provided, such amounts may be transferred back to the account: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. INDEPENDENT AGENCIES Commodity Futures Trading Commission (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act ( 7 U.S.C. 1 et seq. ), including the purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles, and the rental of space (to include multiple year leases), in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $345,000,000, including not to exceed $3,000 for official reception and representation expenses, and not to exceed $25,000 for the expenses for consultations and meetings hosted by the Commission with foreign governmental and other regulatory officials, of which not less than $80,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, and of which not less than $4,218,000 shall be for expenses of the Office of the Inspector General: Provided, That notwithstanding the limitations in 31 U.S.C. 1553 , amounts provided under this heading are available for the liquidation of obligations equal to current year payments on leases entered into prior to the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That for the purpose of recording and liquidating any lease obligations that should have been recorded and liquidated against accounts closed pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1552 , and consistent with the preceding proviso, such amounts shall be transferred to and recorded in a no-year account in the Treasury, which has been established for the sole purpose of recording adjustments for and liquidating such unpaid obligations. Farm credit administration LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES Not to exceed $100,430,000 (from assessments collected from farm credit institutions, including the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for administrative expenses as authorized under 12 U.S.C. 2249: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to expenses associated with receiverships: Provided further, That the agency may exceed this limitation by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That the purposes of section 3.7(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 ( 12 U.S.C. 2128(b)(2)(A)(i) ), the Farm Credit Administration may exempt, an amount in its sole discretion, from the application of the limitation provided in that clause of export loans described in the clause guaranteed or insured in a manner other than described in subclause (II) of the clause. VII GENERAL PROVISIONS (INCLUDING RESCISSIONS AND TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) 701. The Secretary may use any appropriations made available to the Department of Agriculture in this Act to purchase new passenger motor vehicles, in addition to specific appropriations for this purpose, so long as the total number of vehicles purchased in fiscal year 2025 does not exceed the number of vehicles owned or leased in fiscal year 2018: Provided, That, prior to purchasing additional motor vehicles, the Secretary must determine that such vehicles are necessary for transportation safety, to reduce operational costs, and for the protection of life, property, and public safety: Provided further, That the Secretary may not increase the Department of Agriculture's fleet above the 2018 level unless the Secretary notifies in writing, and receives approval from, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 30 days of the notification. 702. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may transfer unobligated balances of discretionary funds appropriated by this Act or any other available unobligated discretionary balances that are remaining available of the Department of Agriculture to the Working Capital Fund for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and for the improvement, delivery, and implementation of Department financial, and administrative information technology services, and other support systems necessary for the delivery of financial, administrative, and information technology services, including cloud adoption and migration, of primary benefit to the agencies of the Department of Agriculture, such transferred funds to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund without the prior approval of the agency administrator: Provided further, That none of the funds transferred to the Working Capital Fund pursuant to this section shall be available for obligation without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act or made available to the Department’s Working Capital Fund shall be available for obligation or expenditure to make any changes to the Department’s National Finance Center without written notification to and prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress as required by section 716 of this Act: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act or made available to the Department’s Working Capital Fund shall be available for obligation or expenditure to initiate, plan, develop, implement, or make any changes to remove or relocate any systems, missions, personnel, or functions of the offices of the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Information Officer, co-located with or from the National Finance Center prior to written notification to and prior approval of the Committee on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress and in accordance with the requirements of section 716 of this Act: Provided further, That the National Finance Center Information Technology Services Division personnel and data center management responsibilities, and control of any functions, missions, and systems for current and future human resources management and integrated personnel and payroll systems (PPS) and functions provided by the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Information Officer shall remain in the National Finance Center and under the management responsibility and administrative control of the National Finance Center: Provided further, That the Secretary of Agriculture and the offices of the Chief Financial Officer shall actively market to existing and new Departments and other government agencies National Finance Center shared services including, but not limited to, payroll, financial management, and human capital shared services and allow the National Finance Center to perform technology upgrades: Provided further, That of annual income amounts in the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture allocated for the National Finance Center, the Secretary shall reserve not more than 4 percent for the replacement or acquisition of capital equipment, including equipment for the improvement, delivery, and implementation of financial, administrative, and information technology services, and other systems of the National Finance Center or to pay any unforeseen, extraordinary cost of the National Finance Center: Provided further, That none of the amounts reserved shall be available for obligation unless the Secretary submits written notification of the obligation to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That the limitations on the obligation of funds pending notification to Congressional Committees shall not apply to any obligation that, as determined by the Secretary, is necessary to respond to a declared state of emergency that significantly impacts the operations of the National Finance Center; or to evacuate employees of the National Finance Center to a safe haven to continue operations of the National Finance Center. 703. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. 704. No funds appropriated by this Act may be used to pay negotiated indirect cost rates on cooperative agreements or similar arrangements between the United States Department of Agriculture and nonprofit institutions in excess of 10 percent of the total direct cost of the agreement when the purpose of such cooperative arrangements is to carry out programs of mutual interest between the two parties. This does not preclude appropriate payment of indirect costs on grants and contracts with such institutions when such indirect costs are computed on a similar basis for all agencies for which appropriations are provided in this Act. 705. Appropriations to the Department of Agriculture for the cost of direct and guaranteed loans made available in the current fiscal year shall remain available until expended to disburse obligations made in the current fiscal year for the following accounts: the Rural Development Loan Fund program account, the Rural Electrification and Telecommunication Loans program account, and the Rural Housing Insurance Fund program account. 706. None of the funds made available to the Department of Agriculture by this Act may be used to acquire new information technology systems or significant upgrades, as determined by the Office of the Chief Information Officer, without the approval of the Chief Information Officer and the concurrence of the Executive Information Technology Investment Review Board: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be transferred to the Office of the Chief Information Officer without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 11319 of title 40, United States Code, none of the funds available to the Department of Agriculture for information technology shall be obligated for projects, contracts, or other agreements over $25,000 prior to receipt of written approval by the Chief Information Officer: Provided further, That the Chief Information Officer may authorize an agency to obligate funds without written approval from the Chief Information Officer for projects, contracts, or other agreements up to $250,000 based upon the performance of an agency measured against the performance plan requirements described in the explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 113–235 . 707. Funds made available under section 524(b) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act ( 7 U.S.C. 1524(b) ) in the current fiscal year shall remain available until expended to disburse obligations made in the current fiscal year. 708. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any former Rural Utilities Service borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured, direct or guaranteed loan under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936, or any not-for-profit utility that is eligible to receive an insured or direct loan under such Act, shall be eligible for assistance under section 313B(a) of such Act in the same manner as a borrower under such Act. 709. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not more than $20,000,000 in unobligated balances from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses in this Act for the Farm Service Agency shall remain available through September 30, 2026, for information technology expenses. 710. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for first-class travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 711. In the case of each program established or amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 ( Public Law 113–79 ) or by a successor to that Act, other than by title I or subtitle A of title III of such Act, or programs for which indefinite amounts were provided in that Act, that is authorized or required to be carried out using funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation— (1) such funds shall be available for salaries and related administrative expenses, including technical assistance, associated with the implementation of the program, without regard to the limitation on the total amount of allotments and fund transfers contained in section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act ( 15 U.S.C. 714i ); and (2) the use of such funds for such purpose shall not be considered to be a fund transfer or allotment for purposes of applying the limitation on the total amount of allotments and fund transfers contained in such section. 712. Of the funds made available by this Act, not more than $2,900,000 shall be used to cover necessary expenses of activities related to all advisory committees, panels, commissions, and task forces of the Department of Agriculture, except for panels used to comply with negotiated rule makings and panels used to evaluate competitively awarded grants. 713. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 714. Notwithstanding subsection (b) of section 14222 of Public Law 110–246 ( 7 U.S.C. 612c–6 ; in this section referred to as section 14222 ), none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel to carry out a program under section 32 of the Act of August 24, 1935 ( 7 U.S.C. 612c ; in this section referred to as section 32 ) in excess of $1,427,930,000 (exclusive of carryover appropriations from prior fiscal years), as follows: Child Nutrition Programs Entitlement Commodities—$485,000,000; State Option Contracts—$5,000,000; Removal of Defective Commodities—$1,660,000; Administration of section 32 Commodity Purchases—$37,178,000: Provided, That none of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act shall be used for salaries and expenses to carry out in this fiscal year section 19(i)(1)(E) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act, as amended, except in an amount that excludes the transfer of $195,000,000 of the funds to be transferred under subsection (c) of section 14222 of Public Law 110–246 , until October 1, 2025: Provided further, That $195,000,000 made available on October 1, 2025, to carry out section 19(i)(1)(E) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act, as amended, shall be excluded from the limitation described in subsection (b)(2)(A)(x) of section 14222 of Public Law 110–246 for fiscal year 2026: Provided further, That of the total funds made available in the matter preceding this proviso that remain unobligated on October 1, 2025, such unobligated balances shall carryover into fiscal year 2026 and shall remain available until expended for any of the purposes of section 32, except that any such carryover funds used in accordance with clause (3) of section 32 may not exceed $350,000,000 and may not be obligated until the Secretary of Agriculture provides written notification of the expenditures to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least two weeks in advance: Provided further, That, with the exception of any available carryover funds authorized in any prior appropriations Act to be used for the purposes of clause (3) of section 32, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries or expenses of any employee of the Department of Agriculture to carry out clause (3) of section 32. 715. None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel who prepare or submit appropriations language as part of the President's budget submission to the Congress for programs under the jurisdiction of the Appropriations Subcommittees on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies that assumes revenues or reflects a reduction from the previous year due to user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submission of the budget unless such budget submission identifies which additional spending reductions should occur in the event the user fees proposals are not enacted prior to the date of the convening of a committee of conference for the fiscal year 2025 appropriations Act. 716. (a) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming, transfer of funds, or reimbursements as authorized by the Economy Act, or in the case of the Department of Agriculture, through use of the authority provided by section 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 ( 7 U.S.C. 2257 ) or section 8 of Public Law 89–106 ( 7 U.S.C. 2263 ), that— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes offices, programs, or activities; or (6) contracts out or privatizes any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (as the case may be) notifies in writing and receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of the reprogramming of such funds or the use of such authority. (b) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure for activities, programs, or projects through a reprogramming or use of the authorities referred to in subsection (a) involving funds in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments existing programs, projects, or activities; (2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as approved by Congress; or (3) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (as the case may be) notifies in writing and receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of the reprogramming or transfer of such funds or the use of such authority. (c) The Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall notify in writing and receive approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress before implementing any program or activity not carried out during the previous fiscal year unless the program or activity is funded by this Act or specifically funded by any other Act. (d) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for— (1) modifying major capital investments funding levels, including information technology systems, that involves increasing or decreasing funds in the current fiscal year for the individual investment in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent of the total cost, whichever is less; (2) realigning or reorganizing new, current, or vacant positions or agency activities or functions to establish a center, office, branch, or similar entity with five or more personnel; or (3) carrying out activities or functions that were not described in the budget request; unless the agencies funded by this Act notify, in writing, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of using the funds for these purposes. (e) As described in this section, no funds may be used for any activities unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission receives from the Committee on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress written or electronic mail confirmation of receipt of the notification as required in this section. 717. Notwithstanding section 310B(g)(5) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act ( 7 U.S.C. 1932(g)(5) ), the Secretary may assess a one-time fee for any guaranteed business and industry loan in an amount that does not exceed 3 percent of the guaranteed principal portion of the loan. 718. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Agriculture, the Food and Drug Administration, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Farm Credit Administration shall be used to transmit or otherwise make available reports, questions, or responses to questions that are a result of information requested for the appropriations hearing process to any non-Department of Agriculture, non-Department of Health and Human Services, non-Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or non-Farm Credit Administration employee. 719. Unless otherwise authorized by existing law, none of the funds provided in this Act, may be used by an executive branch agency to produce any prepackaged news story intended for broadcast or distribution in the United States unless the story includes a clear notification within the text or audio of the prepackaged news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. 720. No employee of the Department of Agriculture may be detailed or assigned from an agency or office funded by this Act or any other Act to any other agency or office of the Department for more than 60 days in a fiscal year unless the individual's employing agency or office is fully reimbursed by the receiving agency or office for the salary and expenses of the employee for the period of assignment. 721. Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and the Chairman of the Farm Credit Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a detailed spending plan by program, project, and activity for all the funds made available under this Act including appropriated user fees, as defined in the report accompanying this Act. 722. (a) Section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 321 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (ss)(1) the term ‘natural cheese’ means cheese that is ripened or unripened soft, semi-soft, or hard product, which may be coated, that is produced— (A) by— (i) coagulating wholly or partly the protein of milk, skimmed milk, partly skimmed milk, cream, whey cream, or buttermilk, or any combination of such ingredients, through the action of rennet or other suitable coagulating agents, and by partially draining the whey resulting from the coagulation, while respecting the principle that cheese-making results in a concentration of milk protein (in particular, the casein portion), and that consequently, the protein content of the cheese will be distinctly higher than the protein level of the blend of the above milk materials from which the cheese was made; or (ii) processing techniques involving coagulation of the protein of milk or products obtained from milk to produce an end-product with similar physical, chemical, and organoleptic characteristics as the product described in subclause (i); and (iii) including the addition of safe and suitable non-milk derived ingredients of the type permitted in the standards of identity described in clause (B) as natural cheese; or (B) in accordance with standards of identity under part 133 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations), other than the standards described in subparagraph (2) or any future standards adopted by the Secretary in accordance with subparagraph (2)(I). . (b) Labeling.—Section 403 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 343 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (z) If its label or labeling includes the term ‘natural cheese’ as a factual descriptor of a category of cheese unless the food meets the definition of natural cheese under section 201(ss), except that nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit the use of the term ‘natural’ or ‘all-natural’, or a similar claim or statement with respect to a food in a manner that is consistent with regulations, guidance, or policy statements issued by the Secretary. . (c) National Uniformity.—Section 403A(a)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 343–1(a)(2) ) is amended by striking “or 403(x)” and inserting “403(x), or 403(z)”. 723. For the purposes of determining eligibility or level of program assistance for Rural Housing Service programs the Secretary shall not include incarcerated prison populations. 724. For loans and loan guarantees that do not require budget authority and the program level has been established in this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may increase the program level for such loans and loan guarantees by not more than 25 percent: Provided, That prior to the Secretary implementing such an increase, the Secretary notifies, in writing, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 15 days in advance. 725. None of the credit card refunds or rebates transferred to the Working Capital Fund pursuant to section 729 of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2002 ( 7 U.S.C. 2235a ; Public Law 107–76 ) shall be available for obligation without written notification to, and the prior approval of, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided, That the refunds or rebates so transferred shall be available for obligation only for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, including equipment for the improvement, delivery, and implementation of Departmental financial management, information technology, and other support systems necessary for the delivery of financial, administrative, and information technology services, including cloud adoption and migration, of primary benefit to the agencies of the Department of Agriculture. 726. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the variety requirements of the final rule entitled Enhancing Retailer Standards in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) published by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on December 15, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 90675) until the Secretary of Agriculture amends the definition of the term variety as defined in section 278.1(b)(1)(ii)(C) of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, and variety as applied in the definition of the term staple food as defined in section 271.2 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, to increase the number of items that qualify as acceptable varieties in each staple food category so that the total number of such items in each staple food category exceeds the number of such items in each staple food category included in the final rule as published on December 15, 2016: Provided, That until the Secretary promulgates such regulatory amendments, the Secretary shall apply the requirements regarding acceptable varieties and breadth of stock to Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program retailers that were in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Agricultural Act of 2014 ( Public Law 113–79 ). 727. In carrying out subsection (h) of section 502 of the Housing Act of 1949 ( 42 U.S.C. 1472 ), the Secretary of Agriculture shall have the same authority with respect to loans guaranteed under such section and eligible lenders for such loans as the Secretary has under subsections (h) and (j) of section 538 of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1490p–2 ) with respect to loans guaranteed under such section 538 and eligible lenders for such loans. 728. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act shall be available for the United States Department of Agriculture to propose, finalize or implement any regulation that would promulgate new user fees pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9701 after the date of the enactment of this Act. 729. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act thereafter may be used to write, prepare, or publish a proposed rule, final rule, or an interim final rule in furtherance of, or otherwise to implement or enforce the final rule entitled Transparency in Poultry Grower Contracting and Tournaments, published by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on November 28, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 83210 et seq.), the final rule entitled “Inclusive Competition and Market Integrity Under the Packers and Stockyards Act,” published by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on March 6, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 16092 et seq.), the advanced notice of proposed rulemaking entitled “Poultry Growing Tournament Systems: Fairness and Related Concerns,” published by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on June 8, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 34814) (also identified in the White House Office of Management and Budget’s Fall 2023 Unified Agenda of Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions as “Poultry Grower Payment Systems and Capital Improvement Systems (AMS-FTPP-22-0046),” RIN 0581-AE18), the rulemaking identified in the White House Office of Management and Budget’s Fall 2023 Unified Agenda of Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions as “Unfair Practices, Undue Preferences, and Harm to Competition Under the Packers and Stockyards Act (AMS-FTPP-21-0046),” RIN 0581-AE04, or any subsequent substantially similar rulemaking effort, except that funds may be used to, and the Secretary of Agriculture shall, withdraw or rescind any such proposed rules, advanced notices of proposed rulemaking, and any such rules that may have been finalized, and discontinue and provide notice of closure to affected parties of any investigations or enforcement activities pending under said rules. 730. Notwithstanding any provision of law that regulates the calculation and payment of overtime and holiday pay for FSIS inspectors, the Secretary may charge establishments subject to the inspection requirements of the Poultry Products Inspection Act, 21 U.S.C. 451 et seq. , the Federal Meat Inspection Act, 21 U.S.C. 601 et seq, and the Egg Products Inspection Act, 21 U.S.C. 1031 et seq. , for the cost of inspection services provided outside of an establishment’s approved inspection shifts, and for inspection services provided on Federal holidays: Provided, That any sums charged pursuant to this paragraph shall be deemed as overtime pay or holiday pay under section 1001(d) of the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ( Public Law 117–2 , 135 Stat. 242): Provided further, That sums received by the Secretary under this paragraph shall, in addition to other available funds, remain available until expended to the Secretary without further appropriation for the purpose of funding all costs associated with FSIS inspections. 731. (a) The Secretary of Agriculture shall— (1) conduct audits in a manner that evaluates the following factors in the country or region being audited, as applicable— (A) veterinary control and oversight; (B) disease history and vaccination practices; (C) livestock demographics and traceability; (D) epidemiological separation from potential sources of infection; (E) surveillance practices; (F) diagnostic laboratory capabilities; and (G) emergency preparedness and response; and (2) promptly make publicly available the final reports of any audits or reviews conducted pursuant to paragraph (1). (b) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under its international trade agreements. 732. A bank referenced in 12 U.S.C. 2128 may make and participate in loans and commitments and provide technical and other financial assistance to cooperatives and any other public or private entity (except for the federal government) for the purpose of installing, maintaining, expanding, improving, or operating facilities in a rural area as defined in 12 U.S.C. 2128(f) for the processing or disposal of waste from any source, provision of telecommunication services, and producing electricity from any source for use or sale by the borrower. 733. None of the funds made available by this Act, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, may be used by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to finalize, issue, or implement any rule, regulation, notice of proposed rulemaking, or order setting any tobacco product standard that would: 1) prohibit menthol in cigarettes or prohibit characterizing flavors in all cigars and their components and parts; or 2) mandate a maximum nicotine level for cigarettes, until the FDA: (1) updates its “Guidance for Industry on its Enforcement Priorities” published in January 2020 and updated in April 2020, to expand its prioritized enforcement to flavored disposable ENDS products in addition to cartridge-based products (on pages 10-11 and 18) and to define “disposable ENDS product” on page 9; (2) Center for Tobacco Products (CTP) issues a final rule requiring Foreign Manufacturer Registration (RIN #0910-AH59); (3) FDA coordinates with Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and U.S. Postal Service (USPS) to prevent importation of any deemed product unless the product is on a list FDA prepares and transmits to CBP consisting of (a) products with MGOs, (b) products that received MDOs but that have been and remain stayed by the Secretary or through court order, rescinded by the Secretary, or vacated by a court, and (c) products with PMTAs pending review since on or before September 9, 2020, and further that FDA requires that no such product may be imported without the manufacturer or importer identifying the PMTA or STN number associated with the product; (4) Publicly disclose the authorized list to manufacturers, wholesalers, and retailers, with instructions to cease the distribution, sale, and/or marketing of any deemed product not on the list; (5) Issue Import Alerts to help address the importation of tobacco products that appear to be in violation of applicable laws; and (6) Submit a quarterly written report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate on the progress the Center for Tobacco Products is making in removing all non-compliant nicotine products from the market. 734. (a) (1) No Federal funds made available for this fiscal year for the rural water, waste water, waste disposal, and solid waste management programs authorized by sections 306, 306A, 306C, 306D, 306E, and 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act ( 7 U.S.C. 1926 et seq. ) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of a public water or wastewater system unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term iron and steel products means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or unlined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Secretary of Agriculture (in this section referred to as the Secretary ) or the designee of the Secretary finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be inconsistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities or of a satisfactory quality; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products produced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Secretary or the designee receives a request for a waiver under this section, the Secretary or the designee shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Secretary or the designee concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Secretary or the designee shall make the request and accompanying information available by electronic means, including on the official public Internet Web site of the Department. (d) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. (e) The Secretary may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for Rural Utilities Service—Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account for carrying out the provisions described in subsection (a)(1) for management and oversight of the requirements of this section. (f) Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to a project for which the engineering plans and specifications include use of iron and steel products otherwise prohibited by such subsection if the plans and specifications have received required approvals from State agencies prior to the date of enactment of this Act. (g) For purposes of this section, the terms United States and State shall include each of the several States, the District of Columbia, and each Federally recognized Indian Tribe. 735. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress, other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913 . 736. Of the total amounts made available by this Act for direct loans and grants under the following headings: Rural Housing Service—Rural Housing Insurance Fund Program Account ; Rural Housing Service—Mutual and Self-Help Housing Grants ; Rural Housing Service—Rural Housing Assistance Grants ; Rural Housing Service—Rural Community Facilities Program Account ; Rural Business-Cooperative Service—Rural Business Program Account ; Rural Business-Cooperative Service—Rural Economic Development Loans Program Account ; Rural Business-Cooperative Service—Rural Cooperative Development Grants ; Rural Business-Cooperative Service—Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program ; Rural Utilities Service—Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account ; Rural Utilities Service—Rural Electrification and Telecommunications Loans Program Account ; and Rural Utilities Service—Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program , to the maximum extent feasible, at least 10 percent of the funds shall be allocated for assistance in persistent poverty counties under this section, including, notwithstanding any other provision regarding population limits, any county seat of such a persistent poverty county that has a population that does not exceed the authorized population limit by more than 10 percent: Provided, That for purposes of this section, the term persistent poverty counties means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses, and 2007–2011 American Community Survey 5-year average, or any territory or possession of the United States: Provided further, That with respect to specific activities for which program levels have been made available by this Act that are not supported by budget authority, the requirements of this section shall be applied to such program level. 737. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to notify a sponsor or otherwise acknowledge receipt of a submission for an exemption for investigational use of a drug or biological product under section 505(i) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 355(i) ) or section 351(a)(3) of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 262(a)(3) ) in research in which a human embryo is intentionally created or modified to include a heritable genetic modification. Any such submission shall be deemed to have not been received by the Secretary, and the exemption may not go into effect. 738. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enforce the final rule promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration entitled Standards for the Growing, Harvesting, Packing, and Holding of Produce for Human Consumption , and published on November 27, 2015, and the proposed rule issued by the Food and Drug Administration entitled Standards for the Growing, Harvesting, Packing, and Holding Produce for Human Consumption Related to Agricultural Water (86 Fed. Reg. 69120 and 87 Fed. Reg. 42973), with respect to the regulation of entities that grow, harvest, pack, or hold wine grapes, hops, pulse crops, or almonds. 739. For school years 2024–2025 and 2025–2026, none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to restrict or limit the substitution of any vegetable subgroup for fruits under the school breakfast program established under section 4 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 ( 42 U.S.C. 1773 ). 740. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used— (1) in contravention of section 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 ( 7 U.S.C. 5940 ), subtitle G of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946, or section 10114 of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018; or (2) to prohibit the transportation, processing, sale, or use of hemp, or seeds of such plant, that is grown or cultivated in accordance with section 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 or subtitle G of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946, within or outside the State in which the hemp is grown or cultivated. 741. The Secretary of Agriculture may waive the matching funds requirement under section 412(g) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 ( 7 U.S.C. 7632(g) ). 742. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce any rule that would reduce the maximum monthly allowance with respect to milk under section 246.10 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on April 1, 2023), including the rule entitled “Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC): Revisions to the WIC Food Packages” published by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on April 18, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 28488). 743. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to impose updated minimum efficiency standards for new housing financed by the Department of Agriculture as part of carrying out the notice entitled Final Determination: Energy Efficiency Standards for New Construction of HUD and USDA Financed Housing (89 Fed. Reg. 33112). 744. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any program, project, or activity that promotes or advances Critical Race Theory or any concept associated with Critical Race Theory. 745. (a) After the effective date of any final rule the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) publishes in connection with its proposed rule to update these requirements (87 Federal Register 59168, issued on September 29, 2022), manufacturers may also continue to comply with the previous requirements promulgated by the FDA for the implied nutrient content claim healthy through the compliance date FDA provides in the final rule. (b) Any food product manufactured and labeled as healthy during the compliance period FDA provides in that final rule shall not be directly or indirectly subject to any state-law requirements that are not identical to either (i) the Federal requirements for the implied nutrition content claim healthy that were in effect as of the date FDA issues the final rule, or (ii) the updated Federal requirements that FDA promulgates in the final rule, assuming the updated requirements go into effect during the regulatory compliance period. 746. Funds made available under title II of the Food for Peace Act ( 7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq. ) may only be used to provide assistance to recipient nations if adequate monitoring and controls, as determined by the Administrator, are in place to ensure that emergency food aid is received by the intended beneficiaries in areas affected by food shortages and not diverted for unauthorized or inappropriate purposes. 747. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to procure raw or processed poultry products or seafood imported into the United States from the People’s Republic of China for use in the school lunch program under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq. ), the Child and Adult Care Food Program under section 17 of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1766 ), the Summer Food Service Program for Children under section 13 of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1761 ), or the school breakfast program under the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 ( 42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq. ). 748. For school year 2025–2026, only a school food authority that had a negative balance in the nonprofit school food service account as of June 30, 2024, shall be required to establish a price for paid lunches in accordance with section 12(p) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1760(p) ). 749. Any funds made available by this or any other Act that the Secretary withholds pursuant to section 1668(g)(2) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 ( 7 U.S.C. 5921(g)(2) ), as amended, shall be available for grants for biotechnology risk assessment research: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer such funds among appropriations of the Department of Agriculture for purposes of making such grants. 750. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Department of Agriculture may be used to move any staff office or any agency from the mission area in which it was located on August 1, 2018, to any other mission area or office within the Department in the absence of the enactment of specific legislation affirming such move. 751. The Secretary, acting through the Chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Service, may use funds appropriated under this Act or any other Act for the Watershed and Flood Prevention Operations Program and the Watershed Rehabilitation Program carried out pursuant to the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act ( 16 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. ), and for the Emergency Watershed Protection Program carried out pursuant to section 403 of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 ( 16 U.S.C. 2203 ) to provide technical services for such programs pursuant to section 1252(a)(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 ( 16 U.S.C. 3851(a)(1) ), notwithstanding subsection (c) of such section. 752. In administering the pilot program established by section 779 of division A of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 ( Public Law 115–141 ), the Secretary of Agriculture may, for purposes of determining entities eligible to receive assistance, consider those communities which are Areas Rural in Character : Provided, That not more than 10 percent of the funds made available under the heading Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program for the purposes of the pilot program established by section 779 of Public Law 115–141 may be used for this purpose. 753. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture, the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Chairman of the Farm Credit Administration to fly or display a flag over a facility of the Department of Agriculture, the Food and Drug Administration, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Farm Credit Administration other than the flag of the United States; the flag of a State, territory, the District of Columbia; the flag of an Indian Tribal Government; the official flag of a U.S. Department or agency; or the Prisoners of War/Missing in Action flag. 754. Of the unobligated balances from amounts made available to carry out section 749(g) of the Agricultural Appropriations Act of 2010 ( Public Law 111–80 ), $40,000,000 are hereby rescinded: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 755. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009, relating to advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government), or the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Equity Action Plan in Support of Executive Order 13985, or any Equity Action Plan created by the Food and Drug Administration, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Farm Credit Administration, or Executive Order 14035 of June 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34593, relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility in the Federal workforce), or Executive Order 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825, relating to further advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government), or to create or establish an Office of the Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer. 756. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to issue or promote any new guidelines or regulations applicable to food manufacturers for Listeria monocytogenes (Lm) until the FDA considers the available new science in developing the Compliance Policy Guide (CPG), Guidance for FDA Staff, Sec. 555.320 Listeria monocytogenes—regarding Lm in low-risk foods, meaning foods that do not support the growth of Lm. 757. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Food and Drug Administration to develop, issue, promote or advance any final guidelines or new regulations applicable to food manufacturers for long-term population-wide sodium reduction actions until an assessment is completed on the impact of the short-term sodium reduction targets. 758. (a) In general.—Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) Discriminatory action defined.—As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) Accreditation; Licensure; Certification.—The Federal government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). 759. (a) Closure of Agricultural Research Service Facility.—The Secretary of Agriculture may close the Agricultural Research Service Federal laboratory located at 4279 East Mount Hope Road, East Lansing, Michigan once operations have ceased and ongoing research missions are, or will be, relocated to a different facility. (b) Conveyance Authority.—With respect to the Agricultural Research Service facility to be closed pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary of Agriculture may convey, with or without consideration, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to any real property, including improvements and equipment thereon, of the facility, to a land grant college or university (as defined in section 1404(13) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 ( 7 U.S.C. 3103(13) ) that previously owned that parcel of real property. 760. Section 297A of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 ( 7 U.S.C. 1639o ) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: (1) Hemp (A) In General The term hemp means the plant Cannabis sativa L. and any part of that plant, including the seeds thereof and all derivatives, extracts, cannabinoids, isomers, acids, salts, and salts of isomers, whether growing or not, with a total tetrahydrocannabinol concentration (including tetrahydrocannabinolic acid) of not more than 0.3 percent in the plant on a dry weight basis. (B) Exclusions Such term does not include (i) any viable seeds from a Cannabis sativa L. plant that exceeds a total tetrahydrocannabinol concentration (including tetrahydrocannabinolic acid) of 0.3 percent in the plant on a dry weight basis; or (ii) any hemp-derived cannabinoid products containing— (I) cannabinoids that are not capable of being naturally produced by a Cannabis sativa L. plant; (II) cannabinoids that— (aa) are capable of being naturally produced by a Cannabis sativa L. plant; and (bb) were synthesized or manufactured outside the plant; or (III) quantifiable amounts (as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services) of— (aa) tetrahydrocannabinol (including tetrahydrocannabinolic acid); or (bb) any other cannabinoids that have similar effects (or are marketed to have similar effects) on humans or animals as tetrahydrocannabinol (as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services). . (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (6) as paragraphs (3) through (7), respectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) (as so amended), the following: (2) HEMP-DERIVED CANNABINOID PRODUCT The term ‘hemp-derived cannabinoid product’ means any intermediate or final product derived from hemp, excluding industrial hemp, that— (A) contains cannabinoids in any form; and (B) is intended for human or animal use through any means of application or administration, such as inhalation, ingestion, or topical application. . 761. If services performed by APHIS employees are determined by the Administrator of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service to be in response to an animal disease outbreak, any premium pay that is funded, either directly or through reimbursement, shall be exempted from the aggregate of basic pay and premium pay calculated under section 5547 of title 5, United States Code, and any other provision of law limiting the aggregate amount of premium pay payable on a biweekly or calendar year basis: Provided, That this section shall take effect as if enacted on January 1, 2023. 762. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel— (1) to inspect horses under section 3 of the Federal Meat Inspection Act ( 21 U.S.C. 603 ); (2) to inspect horses under section 903 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 ( 7 U.S.C. 1901 note; Public Law 104–127 ); or (3) to implement or enforce section 352.19 of title 9, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation). 763. The National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine (NASEM) were tasked with providing findings and recommendations on alcohol consumption for the purposes of inclusion in the 2025 Dietary Guidelines for Americans as required by Section 772 of Division A of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 ( Public Law 117–328 ): Provided, That the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary of Agriculture shall consider the findings and recommendations of the NASEM report in the development of the 2025 Dietary Guidelines for Americans and further, both Secretaries shall ensure that the alcohol consumption recommendations in the 2025 Dietary Guidelines for Americans shall be based on the preponderance of scientific and medical knowledge consistent with section 5341 of title 7 of United States Code. 764. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the acceptable market name of any engineered animal approved prior to the effective date of the National Bioengineered Food Disclosure Standard (February 19, 2019) shall include the words genetically engineered prior to the existing acceptable market name. 765. Of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations made available for conservation activities under the heading Natural Resources Conservation Service—Conservation Operations , $50,000,000 are hereby rescinded: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 766. The Secretary of Agriculture shall be included as a member of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) on a case by case basis pursuant to the authorities in section 721(k)(2)(J) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 ( 50 U.S.C. 4565(k)(2)(J) ) with respect to each covered transaction (as defined in section 721(a)(4) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 ( 50 U.S.C. 4565(a)(4) )) involving agricultural land, agriculture biotechnology, or the agriculture industry (including agricultural transportation, agricultural storage, and agricultural processing), as determined by the CFIUS Chairperson in coordination with the Secretary of Agriculture. The Secretary of Agriculture shall, to the maximum extent practicable, notify the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States of any agricultural land transaction that the Secretary of Agriculture has reason to believe, based on information from or in cooperation with the Intelligence Community, is a covered transaction (A) that may pose a risk to the national security of the United States, with particular emphasis on covered transactions of an interest in agricultural land by foreign governments or entities of concern, as defined in 42 U.S.C. 19221(a) , including the People’s Republic of China, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, and the Islamic Republic of Iran; and (B) with respect to which a person is required to submit a report to the Secretary of Agriculture under section 2(a) of the Agricultural Foreign Investment Disclosure Act of 1978 ( 7 U.S.C. 3501(a) ). 767. The agencies and offices of the Department of Agriculture may reimburse the Office of the General Counsel (OGC), out of the funds provided in this Act, for costs incurred by OGC in providing services to such agencies or offices under time-limited agreements entered into with such agencies and offices: Provided, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. 768. No funds appropriated by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the "Requirements for Additional Traceability Records for Certain Foods" published on November 21, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 70910), or any other rule promulgated in accordance with section 204 of the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act ( 21 U.S.C. 2223 ) until the U.S. Food and Drug Administration: (1) completes at least 4 pilot projects using numerous products on the Food Traceability List, in coordination with farms and with food industry members operating restaurants, retail food establishments, warehouses distributing to retail food establishments, farms, and restaurants, to (A) measure the effectiveness of foodborne illness outbreak investigations conducted without requiring tracing to a single lot code; and (B) identify and evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of low-cost food tracing technologies; and (2) extends the compliance date for such rule to at least two years after the date on which the pilot projects required by section (A) are successfully completed allowing FDA to retrieve the information they need for an investigation/recall. 769. Within 120 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall develop a plan, in consultation with the Department of State and the governments of Abraham Accords countries, to consider the location, duties, and personnel necessary to carry out the functions of an Abraham Accords Bureau within the Food and Drug Administration. 770. (a) Section 260 of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 ( 7 U.S.C. 1636i ) is amended by striking 2024 and inserting 2025 . (b) Section 942 of the Livestock Mandatory Reporting Act of 1999 ( 7 U.S.C. 1635 note; Public Law 106–78 ) is amended by striking 2024 and inserting ‘‘2025”. 771. None of the funds made available by this Act to the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service may be used to process Confirmation Request or Regulatory Status Review submissions by any entity subject to the ownership or control of the People’s Republic of China (PRC) or any other foreign country of concern as defined in 42 U.S.C. 19221(a) unless that entity had previously received a positive determination by the Secretary of Agriculture, until the Secretary of Agriculture reports to Congress that the PRC abides by all agricultural biotechnology commitments made under the Phase One economic and trade agreement signed by the United States and the PRC on January 15, 2020. 772. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall— (1) amend the covered Food Packages to require the inclusion of peanut-containing foods for the purposes of early introduction of potentially allergenic foods; and (2) ensure that all such peanut-containing foods eligible are safe for consumption by infants. (b) The Secretary of Agriculture shall carry out subsection (a) in a manner consistent with the recommendations for early introduction of peanut-containing foods included in the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, 2020-2025, published under section 301 of the National Nutrition Monitoring and Related Research Act of 1990 ( 7 U.S.C. 5341 ). (c) In this section, the term covered Food Packages means Food Packages I and II under section 246.10 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, as amended by the rule entitled Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC): Revisions to the WIC Food Packages published by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on April 18, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 28488). 773. Hereafter, out of the funds made available to the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS), the AMS shall carry out regular testing of all inbound molasses at northern border ports of entry, and other ports as appropriate, for the purposes of verifying and validating the methodology and protocols of the inspection of such molasses, including whether the molasses meets each statutory requirement, any relevant explanatory notes, and each property typical of molasses in the United States: Provided, Results of the testing shall be shared with Customs and Border Protection for any appropriate enforcement action, as necessary, and made publicly available upon request: Provided further, That within 180 days of the date of enactment of this Act AMS shall fully implement this section and provide a briefing on the implementation to the Committees on Appropriations. Spending Reduction Account 774. $0. This Act may be cited as the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 . July 12, 2024 Committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed

118 HR 9028 RH: Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 U.S. House of Representatives text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IB Union Calendar No. 484 118th CONGRESS 2D Session H. R. 9028 Report No. 118–584 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES July 12, 2024 Mr. Womack , from the Committee on Appropriations , reported the following bill; which was committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed A BILL Making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes, namely: I DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION Office of the Secretary SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary, $199,152,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $3,955,000 shall be available for the immediate Office of the Secretary; (2) $1,419,000 shall be available for the immediate Office of the Deputy Secretary; (3) $30,065,000 shall be available for the Office of the General Counsel; (4) $25,363,000 shall be available for the Office of the Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy, of which $7,000,000 is for the Office for Multimodal Freight Infrastructure and Policy; (5) $22,857,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Budget and Programs; (6) $5,391,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Governmental Affairs; (7) $47,188,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration; (8) $6,293,000 shall be available for the Office of Public Affairs and Public Engagement; (9) $2,504,000 shall be available for the Office of the Executive Secretariat; (10) $16,748,000 shall be available for the Office of Intelligence, Security, and Emergency Response; (11) $29,405,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Information Officer; and (12) $1,531,000 shall be available for the Office of Tribal Government Affairs; (13) $6,433,000 shall be available for information technology development, modernization, and enhancement, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes. Provided further, That the Secretary of Transportation (referred to in this title as the Secretary ) is authorized to transfer funds appropriated for any office of the Office of the Secretary to any other office of the Office of the Secretary: Provided further, That no appropriation for any office shall be increased or decreased by more than 7 percent by all such transfers: Provided further, That notice of any change in funding greater than 7 percent shall be submitted for approval to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That not to exceed $70,000 shall be for allocation within the Department for official reception and representation expenses as the Secretary may determine: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, there may be credited to this appropriation up to $2,500,000 in funds received in user fees. RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY For necessary expenses related to the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology, $50,203,000, of which $30,736,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be for the Drone Infrastructure Inspection Grant Program authorized in section 912 of Public Law 118–63 : Provided further , That, notwithstanding subsection (g)(2) of such section 912, amounts made available under section 106(k) of title 49, United States Code, shall not be available to carry out such program: Provided further, That of amounts made available for the drone infrastructure inspection grant program, $1,000,000 shall be available for administrative expenses: Provided further , That there may be credited to this appropriation, to be available until expended, funds received from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training: Provided further, That any reference in law, regulation, judicial proceedings, or elsewhere to the Research and Innovative Technology Administration shall continue to be deemed to be a reference to the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology of the Department of Transportation. NATIONAL SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU For necessary expenses of the National Surface Transportation and Innovative Finance Bureau as authorized by 49 U.S.C. 116 , $10,555,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may collect and spend fees, as authorized by title 23, United States Code, to cover the costs of services of expert firms, including counsel, in the field of municipal and project finance to assist in the underwriting and servicing of Federal credit instruments and all or a portion of the costs to the Federal Government of servicing such credit instruments: Provided further, That such fees are available until expended to pay for such costs: Provided further, That such amounts are in addition to other amounts made available for such purposes and are not subject to any obligation limitation or the limitation on administrative expenses under section 608 of title 23, United States Code. RAILROAD REHABILITATION AND IMPROVEMENT FINANCING PROGRAM The Secretary is authorized to issue direct loans and loan guarantees pursuant to chapter 224 of title 49, United States Code, and such authority shall exist as long as any such direct loan or loan guarantee is outstanding. FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT CAPITAL For necessary expenses for upgrading and enhancing the Department of Transportation's financial systems and re-engineering business processes, $5,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2026. CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVES For necessary expenses for cyber security initiatives, including necessary upgrades to network and information technology infrastructure, improvement of identity management and authentication capabilities, securing and protecting data, implementation of Federal cyber security initiatives, and implementation of enhanced security controls on agency computers and mobile devices, $74,600,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. OFFICE OF CIVIL RIGHTS For necessary expenses of the Office of Civil Rights, $17,662,000. TRANSPORTATION PLANNING, RESEARCH, AND DEVELOPMENT (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses for conducting transportation planning, research, systems development, development activities, and making grants, $21,074,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $7,758,000 shall be for necessary expenses of the Interagency Infrastructure Permitting Improvement Center (IIPIC): Provided further, That there may be transferred to this appropriation, to remain available until expended, amounts transferred from other Federal agencies for expenses incurred under this heading for IIPIC activities not related to transportation infrastructure: Provided further, That the tools and analysis developed by the IIPIC shall be available to other Federal agencies for the permitting and review of major infrastructure projects not related to transportation only to the extent that other Federal agencies provide funding to the Department in accordance with the preceding proviso. WORKING CAPITAL FUND (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses for operating costs and capital outlays of the Working Capital Fund, not to exceed $495,645,000, shall be paid from appropriations made available to the Department of Transportation: Provided, That such services shall be provided on a competitive basis to entities within the Department of Transportation: Provided further, That the limitation in the preceding proviso on operating expenses shall not apply to entities external to the Department of Transportation or for funds provided in Public Law 117–58 : Provided further, That no funds made available by this Act to an agency of the Department shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund without majority approval of the Working Capital Fund Steering Committee and approval of the Secretary: Provided further, That no assessments may be levied against any program, budget activity, subactivity, or project funded by this Act unless notice of such assessments and the basis therefor are presented to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations and are approved by such Committees. SMALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS UTILIZATION AND OUTREACH For necessary expenses for small and disadvantaged business utilization and outreach activities, $5,967,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That notwithstanding section 332 of title 49, United States Code, such amounts may be used for business opportunities related to any mode of transportation: Provided further, That appropriations made available under this heading shall be available for any purpose consistent with prior year appropriations that were made available under the heading Office of the Secretary—Minority Business Resource Center Program . PAYMENTS TO AIR CARRIERS (AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND) In addition to funds made available from any other source to carry out the essential air service program under sections 41731 through 41742 of title 49, United States Code, $423,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, to remain available until expended: Provided, That in determining between or among carriers competing to provide service to a community, the Secretary may consider the relative subsidy requirements of the carriers: Provided further, That basic essential air service minimum requirements shall not include the 15-passenger capacity requirement under section 41732(b)(3) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That amounts authorized to be distributed for the essential air service program under section 41742(b) of title 49, United States Code, shall be made available immediately from amounts otherwise provided to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration: Provided further, That the Administrator may reimburse such amounts from fees credited to the account established under section 45303 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That, notwithstanding section 41733 of title 49, United States Code, for fiscal year 2025, the requirements established under subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 41731(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code, and the subsidy cap established by section 332 of the Department of Transportation and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2000, shall not apply to maintain eligibility under section 41731 of title 49, United States Code. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS—OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 101. None of the funds made available by this Act to the Department of Transportation may be obligated for the Office of the Secretary of Transportation to approve assessments or reimbursable agreements pertaining to funds appropriated to the operating administrations in this Act, except for activities underway on the date of enactment of this Act, unless such assessments or agreements have completed the normal reprogramming process for congressional notification. 102. The Secretary shall post on the web site of the Department of Transportation a schedule of all meetings of the Council on Credit and Finance, including the agenda for each meeting, and require the Council on Credit and Finance to record the decisions and actions of each meeting. 103. In addition to authority provided by section 327 of title 49, United States Code, the Department’s Working Capital Fund is authorized to provide partial or full payments in advance and accept subsequent reimbursements from all Federal agencies from available funds for transit benefit distribution services that are necessary to carry out the Federal transit pass transportation fringe benefit program under Executive Order No. 13150 and section 3049 of SAFETEA–LU ( 5 U.S.C. 7905 note): Provided, That the Department shall maintain a reasonable operating reserve in the Working Capital Fund, to be expended in advance to provide uninterrupted transit benefits to Government employees: Provided further, That such reserve shall not exceed 1 month of benefits payable and may be used only for the purpose of providing for the continuation of transit benefits: Provided further, That the Working Capital Fund shall be fully reimbursed by each customer agency from available funds for the actual cost of the transit benefit. 104. Receipts collected in the Department’s Working Capital Fund, as authorized by section 327 of title 49, United States Code, for unused transit and van pool benefits, in an amount not to exceed 10 percent of fiscal year 2025 collections, shall be available until expended in the Department’s Working Capital Fund to provide contractual services in support of section 189 of this Act: Provided, That obligations in fiscal year 2025 of such collections shall not exceed $1,000,000. 105. None of the funds in this title may be obligated or expended for retention or senior executive bonuses for an employee of the Department of Transportation without the prior written approval of the Assistant Secretary for Administration. 106. In addition to authority provided by section 327 of title 49, United States Code, the Department's Administrative Working Capital Fund is hereby authorized to transfer information technology equipment, software, and systems from departmental sources or other entities and collect and maintain a reserve at rates which will return full cost of transferred assets. 107. None of the funds provided in this Act to the Department of Transportation may be used to provide credit assistance unless not less than 3 days before any application approval to provide credit assistance under sections 603 and 604 of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary provides notification in writing to the following committees: the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives: Provided, That such notification shall include, but not be limited to, the name of the project sponsor; a description of the project; whether credit assistance will be provided as a direct loan, loan guarantee, or line of credit; and the amount of credit assistance. 108. (a) Amounts made available to the Secretary of Transportation or the Department of Transportation’s Operating Administrations in this Act for the costs of award, administration, or oversight of financial assistance under the programs identified in subsection (c) may be transferred to the account identified in section 801 of division J of Public Law 117–58 , as amended by section 425 of title IV of division K of Public Law 117–103 , to remain available until expended, for the necessary expenses of award, administration, or oversight of any financial assistance programs in the Department of Transportation. (b) Amounts transferred under the authority in this section are available in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purpose. (c) The programs from which funds made available under this Act may be transferred under subsection (a) are: (1) the university transportation centers program under section 5505 of title 49, United States Code; and (2) the drone infrastructure inspection grant program as authorized by section 912 of title IX of Public Law 118–63 . 109. The Secretary of Transportation may transfer amounts awarded to a federally recognized Tribe under a funding agreement entered into under part 29 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, from the Department of Transportation’s Operating Administrations to the Office of Tribal Government Affairs: Provided, That any amounts retroceded or reassumed under such part may be transferred back to the appropriate Operating Administration. 109A. (a) For amounts made available under the heading National Infrastructure Investments in title VIII of division J of the Infrastructure Investments and Jobs Act ( Public Law 117–58 ) to carry out section 6702 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall consider and award projects based solely on the selection criteria as identified under 6702(d)(3) and (d)(4) of title 49, United States Code. (b) Amounts repurposed pursuant to subsection (a) shall continue to be treated as amounts specified in section 103(b) of division A of Public Law 118–5 . 109B. The Secretary of Transportation may transfer up to $1,641,000 from the Office of the Secretary—Salaries and Expenses to the Department of Transportation’s Operating Administrations for rent payments: Provided, That such amounts are in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes: Provided further, That any amounts transferred for rent payments that are no longer needed may be transferred back to the original account. Federal Aviation Administration OPERATIONS (AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND) For necessary expenses of the Federal Aviation Administration, not otherwise provided for, including operations and research activities related to commercial space transportation, administrative expenses for research and development, establishment of air navigation facilities, the operation (including leasing) and maintenance of aircraft, subsidizing the cost of aeronautical charts and maps sold to the public, the lease or purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only, $13,587,949,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, of which $11,771,321,000 to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading— (1) not less than $1,832,078,000 shall be available for aviation safety activities; (2) $10,105,678,000 shall be available for air traffic organization activities; (3) $57,130,000 shall be available for commercial space transportation activities; (4) $1,004,787,000 shall be available for finance and management activities; (5) $73,556,000 shall be available for NextGen and operations planning activities; (6) $176,988,000 shall be available for security and hazardous materials safety activities; and (7) $337,732,000 shall be available for staff offices: Provided further, That not to exceed 5 percent of any budget activity, except for aviation safety budget activity, may be transferred to any budget activity under this heading: Provided further, That no transfer may increase or decrease any appropriation under this heading by more than 5 percent: Provided further, That any transfer in excess of 5 percent shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 405 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That not later than 60 days after the submission of the budget request, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall transmit to Congress an annual update to the report submitted to Congress in December 2004 pursuant to section 221 of the Vision 100-Century of Aviation Reauthorization Act ( 49 U.S.C. 44506 note): Provided further, That the amounts made available under this heading shall be reduced by $100,000 for each day after 60 days after the submission of the budget request that such report has not been transmitted to Congress: Provided further, That not later than 60 days after the submission of the budget request, the Administrator shall transmit to Congress a companion report that describes a comprehensive strategy for staffing, hiring, and training flight standards and aircraft certification staff in a format similar to the one utilized for the controller staffing plan, including stated attrition estimates and numerical hiring goals by fiscal year: Provided further, That the amounts made available under this heading shall be reduced by $100,000 for each day after the date that is 60 days after the submission of the budget request that such report has not been submitted to Congress: Provided further, That funds may be used to enter into a grant agreement with a nonprofit standard-setting organization to assist in the development of aviation safety standards: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this Act shall be available for new applicants for the second career training program: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this Act shall be available for the Federal Aviation Administration to finalize or implement any regulation that would promulgate new aviation user fees not specifically authorized by law after the date of the enactment of this Act: Provided further, That there may be credited to this appropriation, as offsetting collections, funds received from States, counties, municipalities, foreign authorities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred in the provision of agency services, including receipts for the maintenance and operation of air navigation facilities, and for issuance, renewal or modification of certificates, including airman, aircraft, and repair station certificates, or for tests related thereto, or for processing major repair or alteration forms: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, not less than $256,000,000 shall be used to fund direct operations of the current air traffic control towers in the contract tower program, including the contract tower cost share program, and any airport that is currently qualified or that will qualify for the program during the fiscal year: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this Act for aeronautical charting and cartography are available for activities conducted by, or coordinated through, the Working Capital Fund. FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT (AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND) For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, for acquisition, establishment, technical support services, improvement by contract or purchase, and hire of national airspace systems and experimental facilities and equipment, as authorized under part A of subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, including initial acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant; engineering and service testing, including construction of test facilities and acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant; construction and furnishing of quarters and related accommodations for officers and employees of the Federal Aviation Administration stationed at remote localities where such accommodations are not available; and the purchase, lease, or transfer of aircraft from funds made available under this heading, including aircraft for aviation regulation and certification; to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, $3,549,200,000, of which $690,000,000 is for personnel and related expenses and shall remain available until September 30, 2026, $2,751,650,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027, and $107,550,000 is for terminal facilities and shall remain available until September 30, 2029: Provided, That there may be credited to this appropriation funds received from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources, for expenses incurred in the establishment, improvement, and modernization of national airspace systems: Provided further, That not later than 60 days after submission of the budget request, the Secretary of Transportation shall transmit to the Congress an investment plan for the Federal Aviation Administration which includes funding for each budget line item for fiscal years 2026 through 2030, with total funding for each year of the plan constrained to the funding targets for those years as estimated and approved by the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further, That section 405 of this Act shall apply to amounts made available under this heading in title VIII of the Infrastructure Investments and Jobs Appropriations Act (division J of Public Law 117–58 ): Provided further, That the amounts in the table entitled Allocation of Funds for FAA Facilities and Equipment from the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act—Fiscal Year 2025 in the Report accompanying this Act shall be the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year pursuant to paragraph (7) of such section 405 for amounts referred to in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That, notwithstanding paragraphs (5) and (6) of such section 405, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations, not to exceed 10 percent of any funding level specified for projects and activities in the table referred to in the preceding proviso may be transferred to any other funding level specified for projects and activities in such table and no transfer of such funding levels may increase or decrease any funding level in such table by more than 10 percent. RESEARCH, ENGINEERING, AND DEVELOPMENT (AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND) For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, for research, engineering, and development, as authorized under part A of subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, including construction of experimental facilities and acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant, $259,787,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2027: Provided, That there may be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections, funds received from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources, which shall be available for expenses incurred for research, engineering, and development: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall be used in accordance with the Report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That not to exceed 10 percent of any funding level specified under this heading in the Report accompanying this Act may be transferred to any other funding level specified under this heading in the Report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That no transfer may increase or decrease any funding level by more than 10 percent: Provided further, That any transfer in excess of 10 percent shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 405 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. GRANTS-IN-AID FOR AIRPORTS (LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION) (LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS) (AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND) (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For liquidation of obligations incurred for grants-in-aid for airport planning and development, and noise compatibility planning and programs as authorized under subchapter I of chapter 471 and subchapter I of chapter 475 of title 49, United States Code, and under other law authorizing such obligations; for procurement, installation, and commissioning of runway incursion prevention devices and systems at airports of such title; for grants authorized under section 41743 of title 49, United States Code; and for inspection activities and administration of airport safety programs, including those related to airport operating certificates under section 44706 of title 49, United States Code, $4,000,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the amounts made available under this heading shall be available for the planning or execution of programs the obligations for which are in excess of $4,000,000,000, in fiscal year 2025, notwithstanding section 47117(g) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That none of the amounts made available under this heading shall be available for the replacement of baggage conveyor systems, reconfiguration of terminal baggage areas, or other airport improvements that are necessary to install bulk explosive detection systems: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 47109(a) of title 49, United States Code, the Government's share of allowable project costs under paragraph (2) of such section for subgrants or paragraph (3) of such section shall be 95 percent for a project at other than a large or medium hub airport that is a successive phase of a multi-phased construction project for which the project sponsor received a grant in fiscal year 2011 for the construction project: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, of amounts limited under this heading, not less than $163,624,000 shall be available for administration, $15,000,000 shall be available for the airport cooperative research program, $43,360,000 shall be available for airport technology research, and $10,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available and transferred to Office of the Secretary, Salaries and Expenses to carry out the small community air service development program: Provided further, That in addition to airports eligible under section 41743 of title 49, United States Code, such program may include the participation of an airport that serves a community or consortium that is not larger than a small hub airport, according to FAA hub classifications effective at the time the Office of the Secretary issues a request for proposals. GRANTS-IN-AID FOR AIRPORTS For an additional amount for Grants-In-Aid for Airports , to enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants for projects as authorized by subchapter 1 of chapter 471 and subchapter 1 of chapter 475 of title 49, United States Code, $260,926,876, to remain available through September 30, 2027: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading shall be derived from the general fund, and such funds shall not be subject to apportionment formulas, special apportionment categories, or minimum percentages under chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That of the sums appropriated under this heading — (1) $257,926,876 shall be made available for the purposes, and in amounts, specified for Community Project Funding in the table entitled Community Project Funding included in the Report accompanying this Act: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall not be subject to or considered under section 47115(j)(3)(B) of title 49, United States Code. (2) not less than $3,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be made available to an airport notwithstanding subsection (c)(4)(B) of section 41743 of title 49 of the United States Code: Provided further, that amounts available shall be transferred to ‘‘Office of the Secretary, Salaries and Expenses’’ to carry out the small community air service development program: Provided, That the community or consortium of communities is a priority of the Secretary under subsection(c)(5)(F) of section 41743 of title 49 of the United States Code: Provided further , That the air service was terminated from October 1, 2021 through at least January 1, 2024 and resulted in a 100% loss of air service. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS—FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 110. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to compensate in excess of 600 technical staff-years under the federally funded research and development center contract between the Federal Aviation Administration and the Center for Advanced Aviation Systems Development during fiscal year 2025. 111. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used to pursue or adopt guidelines or regulations requiring airport sponsors to provide to the Federal Aviation Administration without cost building construction, maintenance, utilities and expenses, or space in airport sponsor-owned buildings for services relating to air traffic control, air navigation, or weather reporting: Provided, That the prohibition on the use of funds in this section does not apply to negotiations between the agency and airport sponsors to achieve agreement on below-market rates for these items or to grant assurances that require airport sponsors to provide land without cost to the Federal Aviation Administration for air traffic control facilities. 112. The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may reimburse amounts made available to satisfy section 41742(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code, from fees credited under section 45303 of title 49, United States Code, and any amount remaining in such account at the close of any fiscal year may be made available to satisfy section 41742(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code, for the subsequent fiscal year. 113. Amounts collected under section 40113(e) of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to the appropriation current at the time of collection, to be merged with and available for the same purposes as such appropriation. 114. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be available for paying premium pay under section 5546(a) of title 5, United States Code, to any Federal Aviation Administration employee unless such employee actually performed work during the time corresponding to such premium pay. 115. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended for an employee of the Federal Aviation Administration to purchase a store gift card or gift certificate through use of a Government-issued credit card. 116. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available under this Act or any prior Act may be used to implement or to continue to implement any limitation on the ability of any owner or operator of a private aircraft to obtain, upon a request to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, a blocking of that owner's or operator's aircraft registration number, Mode S transponder code, flight identification, call sign, or similar identifying information from any ground based display to the public that would allow the real-time or near real-time flight tracking of that aircraft’s movements, except data made available to a Government agency, for the noncommercial flights of that owner or operator. 117. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be available for salaries and expenses of more than nine political and Presidential appointees in the Federal Aviation Administration. 118. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to increase fees pursuant to section 44721 of title 49, United States Code, until the Federal Aviation Administration provides to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations a report that justifies all fees related to aeronautical navigation products and explains how such fees are consistent with Executive Order No. 13642. 119. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to close a regional operations center of the Federal Aviation Administration or reduce its services unless the Administrator notifies the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations not less than 90 full business days in advance. 119A. None of the funds made available by or limited by this Act may be used to change weight restrictions or prior permission rules at Teterboro airport in Teterboro, New Jersey. 119B. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to withhold from consideration and approval any new application for participation in the contract tower program, or for reevaluation of cost-share program participants so long as the Federal Aviation Administration has received an application from the airport, and so long as the Administrator determines such tower is eligible using the factors set forth in Federal Aviation Administration published establishment criteria. 119C. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to open, close, redesignate as a lesser office, or reorganize a regional office, the aeronautical center, or the technical center unless the Administrator submits a request for the reprogramming of funds under section 405 of this Act. 119D. Section 44502(e) of title 49, United States Code, shall be applied by inserting the following after paragraph (4): (5) LIMITATIONS (A) SYSTEMS OR EQUIPMENT Eligible air traffic systems or equipment identified in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (3) of this subsection to be transferred to the Administrator under this subsection must have been purchased by the transferor airport on or after October 5, 2018; and (B) OTHER SYSTEMS OR EQUIPMENT Eligible air traffic systems or equipment identified in subparagraph (D) of paragraph (3) of this subsection to be transferred to the Administrator under this subsection must have been purchased by the transferor airport on or after October 1, 2024. (6) AIRPORTS IN THE CONTIGUOUS UNITED STATES Notwithstanding the limitation to airports in non-contiguous States in paragraph (1) of this subsection, an airport in the contiguous United States may transfer, without consideration, to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, an eligible air traffic system or equipment identified in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (3) of this subsection that conforms to performance specifications of the Administrator if a Government airport aid program, airport development aid program, or airport improvement project grant was used to assist in purchasing the system or equipment and such eligible air traffic system or equipment was purchased by the transferor airport during the period of time beginning on October 5, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2021. 119E. Of the funds provided under the heading Grants-in-aid for Airports , up to $3,500,000 shall be for necessary expenses, including an independent verification regime, to provide reimbursement to airport sponsors that do not provide gateway operations and providers of general aviation ground support services, or other aviation tenants, located at those airports closed during a temporary flight restriction (TFR) for any residence of the President that is designated or identified to be secured by the United States Secret Service, and for direct and incremental financial losses incurred while such airports are closed solely due to the actions of the Federal Government: Provided, That no funds shall be obligated or distributed to airport sponsors that do not provide gateway operations and providers of general aviation ground support services until an independent audit is completed: Provided further, That losses incurred as a result of violations of law, or through fault or negligence, of such operators and service providers or of third parties (including airports) are not eligible for reimbursements: Provided further, That obligation and expenditure of funds are conditional upon full release of the United States Government for all claims for financial losses resulting from such actions. Federal Highway Administration LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES (HIGHWAY TRUST FUND) (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) Not to exceed $493,767,664 together with advances and reimbursements received by the Federal Highway Administration, shall be obligated for necessary expenses for administration and operation of the Federal Highway Administration: Provided, That in addition, $3,248,000 shall be transferred to the Appalachian Regional Commission in accordance with section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code. FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS (LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS) (HIGHWAY TRUST FUND) Funds available for the implementation or execution of authorized Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs shall not exceed total obligations of $61,314,170,545 for fiscal year 2025: Provided, That the limitation on obligations under this heading shall only apply to contract authority authorized from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account), unless otherwise specified in law. (LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION) (HIGHWAY TRUST FUND) For the payment of obligations incurred in carrying out authorized Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs, $62,053,170,545 shall be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account), to remain available until expended. HIGHWAY INFRASTRUCTURE PROGRAMS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) There is hereby appropriated to the Secretary $1,490,176,742: Provided, That the funds made available under this heading shall be derived from the general fund, shall be in addition to any funds provided for fiscal year 2025 in this or any other Act for: (1) Federal-aid Highways under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code; (2) activities eligible under the Tribal transportation program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code; or (3) activities eligible under the Nationally Significant Multimodal Freight and Highway Projects program under Section 117 of title 23, United States Code, and shall not affect the distribution or amount of funds provided in any other Act: Provided further, That section 11101(e) of Public Law 117–58 shall apply to funds made available under this heading: Provided further, That unless otherwise specified, amounts made available under this heading shall be available until September 30, 2028, and shall not be subject to any limitation on obligations for Federal-aid highways or highway safety construction programs set forth in any Act making annual appropriations: Provided further, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $1,085,176,742 shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified for Community Project Funding in the table entitled Community Project Funding included in the Report accompanying this Act: Provided , That, except as otherwise provided under this heading, the funds made available under this paragraph shall be administered as if apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code: Provided further , That funds made available under this paragraph that are used for Tribal projects shall be administered as if allocated under chapter 2 of title 23, United States Code, except that the set-asides described in subparagraph (C) of section 202(b)(3) of title 23, United States Code, and subsections (a)(6), (c), and (e) of section 202 of such title, and section 1123(h)(1) of MAP-21 (as amended by Public Law 117–58 ), shall not apply to such funds; (2) $200,000,000 shall be for activities eligible under the Tribal transportation program, as described in section 202 of title 23, United States Code: Provided, That, except as otherwise provided under this heading, the funds made available under this paragraph shall be administered as if allocated under chapter 2 of title 23, United States Code: Provided further, That the set-asides described in subparagraph (C) of section 202(b)(3) of title 23, United States Code, and subsections (a)(6), (c), and (e) of section 202 of such title shall not apply to funds made available under this paragraph: Provided further, That the set-aside described in section 1123(h)(1) of MAP-21 (as amended by Public Law 117–58 ), shall not apply to such funds; (3) $200,000,000 shall be for the Nationally Significant Multimodal Freight and Highway Projects program as authorized by 23 U.S.C. 117 , for truck parking projects: Provided, That such funds shall be available until expended: Provided further, That the set aside under subsection (e)(1) of such section shall be treated as not less than 50 percent: Provided further, That an entity that receives a grant under this section may partner with a private entity to carry out an eligible project under such section: Provided further, That, in making grants under such section, the Secretary shall prioritize applicants proposing projects located in rural areas and near Federal-aid highways: Provided further, That no fees may be charged by an entity receiving a grant under this section to a commercial motor vehicle driver to gain access to parking constructed, opened, maintained, or improved with a grant under such section: Provided further, That, except as otherwise provided under such section or this heading, the funds made available under this paragraph shall be administered as if apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code; and (4) $5,000,000 shall be to carry out section 11502 of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( 23 U.S.C. 148 note): Provided, That, except as otherwise provided under such section or this heading, the funds made available under this paragraph shall be administered as if apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS—FEDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION 120. (a) For fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of Transportation shall— (1) not distribute from the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways— (A) amounts authorized for administrative expenses and programs by section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code; and (B) amounts authorized for the Bureau of Transportation Statistics; (2) not distribute an amount from the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways that is equal to the unobligated balance of amounts— (A) made available from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs for previous fiscal years the funds for which are allocated by the Secretary (or apportioned by the Secretary under section 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code); and (B) for which obligation limitation was provided in a previous fiscal year; (3) determine the proportion that— (A) the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways, less the aggregate of amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection; bears to (B) the total of the sums authorized to be appropriated for the Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs (other than sums authorized to be appropriated for provisions of law described in paragraphs (1) through (11) of subsection (b) and sums authorized to be appropriated for section 119 of title 23, United States Code, equal to the amount referred to in subsection (b)(12) for such fiscal year), less the aggregate of the amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection; (4) distribute the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways, less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2), for each of the programs (other than programs to which paragraph (1) applies) that are allocated by the Secretary under authorized Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs, or apportioned by the Secretary under section 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code, by multiplying— (A) the proportion determined under paragraph (3); by (B) the amounts authorized to be appropriated for each such program for such fiscal year; and (5) distribute the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways, less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) and the amounts distributed under paragraph (4), for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs that are apportioned by the Secretary under title 23, United States Code (other than the amounts apportioned for the national highway performance program in section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are exempt from the limitation under subsection (b)(12) and the amounts apportioned under sections 202 and 204 of that title) in the proportion that— (A) amounts authorized to be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to each State for such fiscal year; bears to (B) the total of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to all States for such fiscal year. (b) Exceptions from obligation limitation The obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways shall not apply to obligations under or for— (1) section 125 of title 23, United States Code; (2) section 147 of the Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1978 ( 23 U.S.C. 144 note; 92 Stat. 2714); (3) section 9 of the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1981 (95 Stat. 1701); (4) subsections (b) and (j) of section 131 of the Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 2119); (5) subsections (b) and (c) of section 149 of the Surface Transportation and Uniform Relocation Assistance Act of 1987 (101 Stat. 198); (6) sections 1103 through 1108 of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2027); (7) section 157 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect on June 8, 1998); (8) section 105 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect for fiscal years 1998 through 2004, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); (9) Federal-aid highway programs for which obligation authority was made available under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (112 Stat. 107) or subsequent Acts for multiple years or to remain available until expended, but only to the extent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used; (10) section 105 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2005 through 2012, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); (11) section 1603 of SAFETEA–LU ( 23 U.S.C. 118 note; 119 Stat. 1248), to the extent that funds obligated in accordance with that section were not subject to a limitation on obligations at the time at which the funds were initially made available for obligation; and (12) section 119 of title 23, United States Code (but, for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2025, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000). (c) Redistribution of unused obligation authority Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary shall, after August 1 of such fiscal year— (1) revise a distribution of the obligation limitation made available under subsection (a) if an amount distributed cannot be obligated during that fiscal year; and (2) redistribute sufficient amounts to those States able to obligate amounts in addition to those previously distributed during that fiscal year, giving priority to those States having large unobligated balances of funds apportioned under sections 144 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of Public Law 112–141 ) and 104 of title 23, United States Code. (d) Applicability of obligation limitations to transportation research programs (1) In general Except as provided in paragraph (2), the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways shall apply to contract authority for transportation research programs carried out under— (A) chapter 5 of title 23, United States Code; (B) title VI of the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act; and (C) title III of division A of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( Public Law 117–58 ). (2) Exception Obligation authority made available under paragraph (1) shall— (A) remain available for a period of 4 fiscal years; and (B) be in addition to the amount of any limitation imposed on obligations for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs for future fiscal years. (e) Redistribution of certain authorized funds (1) In general Not later than 30 days after the date of distribution of obligation limitation under subsection (a), the Secretary shall distribute to the States any funds (excluding funds authorized for the program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code) that— (A) are authorized to be appropriated for such fiscal year for Federal-aid highway programs; and (B) the Secretary determines will not be allocated to the States (or will not be apportioned to the States under section 204 of title 23, United States Code), and will not be available for obligation, for such fiscal year because of the imposition of any obligation limitation for such fiscal year. (2) Ratio Funds shall be distributed under paragraph (1) in the same proportion as the distribution of obligation authority under subsection (a)(5). (3) Availability Funds distributed to each State under paragraph (1) shall be available for any purpose described in section 133(b) of title 23, United States Code. 121. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , funds received by the Bureau of Transportation Statistics from the sale of data products, for necessary expenses incurred pursuant to chapter 63 of title 49, United States Code, may be credited to the Federal-aid highways account for the purpose of reimbursing the Bureau for such expenses. 122. Not less than 15 days prior to waiving, under his or her statutory authority, any Buy America requirement for Federal-aid highways projects, the Secretary of Transportation shall make an informal public notice and comment opportunity on the intent to issue such waiver and the reasons therefor: Provided, That the Secretary shall post on a website any waivers granted under the Buy America requirements. 123. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to make a grant for a project under section 117 of title 23, United States Code, unless the Secretary, at least 60 days before making a grant under that section, provides written notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of the proposed grant, including an evaluation and justification for the project and the amount of the proposed grant award. 124. (a) A State or territory, as defined in section 165 of title 23, United States Code, may use for any project eligible under section 133(b) of title 23 or section 165 of title 23 and located within the boundary of the State or territory any earmarked amount, and any associated obligation limitation: Provided, That the Department of Transportation for the State or territory for which the earmarked amount was originally designated or directed notifies the Secretary of its intent to use its authority under this section and submits an annual report to the Secretary identifying the projects to which the funding would be applied. Notwithstanding the original period of availability of funds to be obligated under this section, such funds and associated obligation limitation shall remain available for obligation for a period of 3 fiscal years after the fiscal year in which the Secretary is notified. The Federal share of the cost of a project carried out with funds made available under this section shall be the same as associated with the earmark. (b) In this section, the term earmarked amount means— (1) congressionally directed spending, as defined in rule XLIV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, identified in a prior law, report, or joint explanatory statement, which was authorized to be appropriated or appropriated more than 10 fiscal years prior to the current fiscal year, and administered by the Federal Highway Administration; or (2) a congressional earmark, as defined in rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, identified in a prior law, report, or joint explanatory statement, which was authorized to be appropriated or appropriated more than 10 fiscal years prior to the current fiscal year, and administered by the Federal Highway Administration. (c) The authority under subsection (a) may be exercised only for those projects or activities that have obligated less than 10 percent of the amount made available for obligation as of October 1 of the current fiscal year, and shall be applied to projects within the same general geographic area within 25 miles for which the funding was designated, except that a State or territory may apply such authority to unexpended balances of funds from projects or activities the State or territory certifies have been closed and for which payments have been made under a final voucher. (d) The Secretary shall submit consolidated reports of the information provided by the States and territories annually to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. 125. None of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act may be used for any activities related to the implementation of Priced Zones (Cordon Pricing) under the Value Pricing Pilot Program or New York City’s Central Business District Tolling Program. 126. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule entitled “National Performance Management Measures; Assessing Performance of the National Highway System, Greenhouse Gas Emissions Measure” published by the Federal Highway Administration in the Federal Register on December 7, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 85364), or any substantially similar rule. Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY OPERATIONS AND PROGRAMS (LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION) (LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS) (HIGHWAY TRUST FUND) For payment of obligations incurred in the implementation, execution and administration of motor carrier safety operations and programs pursuant to section 31110 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( Public Law 117–58 ), $382,500,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account), together with advances and reimbursements received by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, the sum of which shall remain available until expended: Provided, That funds available for implementation, execution, or administration of motor carrier safety operations and programs authorized under title 49, United States Code, shall not exceed total obligations of $382,500,000, for Motor Carrier Safety Operations and Programs for fiscal year 2025, of which $14,073,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027, is for the research and technology program, and of which not less than $63,098,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2027, is for development, modernization, enhancement, and continued operation and maintenance of information technology and information management. MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY GRANTS (LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION) (LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS) (HIGHWAY TRUST FUND) For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out sections 31102, 31103, 31104, and 31313 of title 49, United States Code, $526,450,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) and to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds available for the implementation or execution of motor carrier safety programs shall not exceed total obligations of $526,450,000 in fiscal year 2025 for Motor Carrier Safety Grants : Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading— (1) $414,500,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026, shall be for the motor carrier safety assistance program; (2) $44,350,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026, shall be for the commercial driver's license program implementation program; (3) $61,200,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026, shall be for the high priority program; (4) $1,400,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026, shall be for the commercial motor vehicle operators grant program; and (5) $5,000,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2026, shall be for the commercial motor vehicle enforcement training and support grant program. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS—FEDERAL MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION 130. The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall send notice of section 385.308 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, violations by certified mail, registered mail, or another manner of delivery, which records the receipt of the notice by the persons responsible for the violations. 131. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Transportation by this Act or any other Act may be obligated or expended to implement, administer, or enforce the requirements of section 31137 of title 49, United States Code, or any regulation issued by the Secretary pursuant to such section, with respect to the use of electronic logging devices by operators of commercial motor vehicles, as defined in section 31132(1) of such title, transporting livestock as defined in section 602 of the Emergency Livestock Feed Assistance Act of 1988 ( 7 U.S.C. 1471 ) or insects. 132. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to require the use of inward facing cameras or require a motor carrier to register an apprenticeship program with the Department of Labor as a condition for participation in the safe driver apprenticeship pilot program. 133. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to promulgate any rule or regulation to require vehicles with a gross vehicle weight of more than 26,000 pounds operating in interstate commerce to be equipped with a speed limiting device set to a maximum speed. 134. (a) None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to modify, rescind, or grant waivers from the preemption determinations published by FMCSA at 83 FR 67470 (Dec. 28, 2018) and 85 FR 73335 (Nov. 17, 2020). (b) Notwithstanding 49 U.S.C. 31141(d)(2) , the Secretary shall deny, without a hearing on the record, any petitions for waiver of the aforementioned preemption determinations pending on the date of enactment or received after the date of enactment. (c) Nothing in the Act shall be construed to prohibit the Secretary from modifying, rescinding, or granting a waiver from the preemption determination published by FMCSA at 85 FR 3469 (Jan. 21, 2020). National Highway Traffic Safety Administration OPERATIONS AND RESEARCH For expenses necessary to discharge the functions of the Secretary, with respect to traffic and highway safety, authorized under chapter 301 and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, $235,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2026. OPERATIONS AND RESEARCH (LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION) (LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS) (HIGHWAY TRUST FUND) For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out the provisions of section 403 of title 23, United States Code, including behavioral research on automated driving systems and advanced driver assistance systems and improving consumer responses to safety recalls, section 25024 of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( Public Law 117–58 ), and chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code, $205,400,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) and to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the planning or execution of programs the total obligations for which, in fiscal year 2025, are in excess of $205,400,000: Provided further, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $198,000,000 shall be for programs authorized under section 403 of title 23, United States Code, including behavioral research on automated driving systems and advanced driver assistance systems and improving consumer responses to safety recalls, and section 25024 of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( Public Law 117–58 ); and (2) $7,400,000 shall be for the national driver register authorized under chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That within the $205,400,000 obligation limitation for operations and research, $57,500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, and shall be in addition to the amount of any limitation imposed on obligations for future years: Provided further, That amounts for behavioral research on automated driving systems and advanced driver assistance systems and improving consumer responses to safety recalls are in addition to any other funds provided for those purposes for fiscal year 2025 in this Act. HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY GRANTS (LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION) (LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS) (HIGHWAY TRUST FUND) For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out provisions of sections 402, 404, and 405 of title 23, United States Code, and grant administration expenses under chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, to remain available until expended, $831,444,832, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): Provided, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the planning or execution of programs for which the total obligations in fiscal year 2025 are in excess of $831,444,832 for programs authorized under sections 402, 404, and 405 of title 23, United States Code, and grant administration expenses under chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code: Provided further, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $385,900,000 shall be for highway safety programs under section 402 of title 23, United States Code; (2) $360,500,000 shall be for national priority safety programs under section 405 of title 23, United States Code; (3) $42,300,000 shall be for the high visibility enforcement program under section 404 of title 23, United States Code; and (4) $42,744,832 shall be for grant administrative expenses under chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code: Provided further, That none of these funds shall be used for construction, rehabilitation, or remodeling costs, or for office furnishings and fixtures for State, local or private buildings or structures: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 of the funds made available for national priority safety programs under section 405 of title 23, United States Code, for impaired driving countermeasures (as described in subsection (d) of that section) shall be available for technical assistance to the States: Provided further, That with respect to the Transfers provision under section 405(a)(10) of title 23, United States Code, any amounts transferred to increase the amounts made available under section 402 shall include the obligation authority for such amounts: Provided further, That the Administrator shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of any exercise of the authority granted under the preceding proviso or under section 405(a)(10) of title 23, United States Code, within 5 days. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS—NATIONAL HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION 140. The limitations on obligations for the programs of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration set in this Act shall not apply to obligations for which obligation authority was made available in previous public laws but only to the extent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used. 141. The amounts made available or subject to an obligation limitation in this Act or in division J of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (Public Law 117—58) for grant administrative expenses under chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, may be used to provide technical assistance to grantees implementing highway traffic safety grants. Federal Railroad Administration SAFETY AND OPERATIONS For necessary expenses of the Federal Railroad Administration, not otherwise provided for, $288,203,000, of which $25,000,000 shall remain available until expended. RAILROAD RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For necessary expenses for railroad research and development, $45,879,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amounts provided under this heading, up to $3,000,000 shall be available pursuant to section 20108(d) of title 49, United States Code, for the construction, alteration, and repair of buildings and improvements at the Transportation Technology Center. CONSOLIDATED RAIL INFRASTRUCTURE AND SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For necessary expenses related to consolidated rail infrastructure and safety improvements grants, as authorized by section 22907 of title 49, United States Code, $298,525,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading in this Act, $38,525,000 shall be made available for the purposes, and in amounts, specified for Community Project Funding in the table entitled Community Project Funding included in the Report accompanying this Act: Provided further , That requirements under subsections (g) and (l) of section 22907 of title 49, United States Code, shall not apply to the preceding proviso: Provided further, That any remaining funds available after the distribution of the Community Project Funding described in this paragraph shall be available to the Secretary to distribute as discretionary grants under this heading: Provided further, That for amounts made available under this heading in this Act, eligible projects under section 22907(c)(8) of title 49, United States Code, shall also include railroad systems planning (including the preparation of regional intercity passenger rail plans and state rail plans) and railroad project development activities (including railroad project planning, preliminary engineering, design, environmental analysis, feasibility studies, and the development and analysis of project alternatives): Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading in this Act for projects selected for commuter rail passenger transportation may be transferred by the Secretary, after selection, to the appropriate agencies to be administered in accordance with chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That for amounts made available under this heading in this Act, eligible recipients under section 22907(b)(7) of title 49, United States Code, shall include any holding company of a Class II railroad or Class III railroad (as those terms are defined in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code): Provided further, That section 22907(e)(1)(A) of title 49, United States Code, shall not apply to amounts made available under this heading in this Act: Provided further, That section 22907(e)(1)(A) of title 49, United States Code, shall not apply to amounts made available under this heading in previous fiscal years if such funds are announced in a notice of funding opportunity that includes funds made available under this heading in this Act: Provided further, That the preceding proviso shall not apply to funds made available under this heading in the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (division J of Public Law 117–58 ): Provided further, That unobligated balances remaining after 6 years from the date of enactment of this Act may be used for any eligible project under section 22907(c) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That the Secretary may withhold up to 2 percent of the amounts made available under this heading in this Act for the costs of award and project management oversight of grants carried out under title 49, United States Code. NORTHEAST CORRIDOR GRANTS TO THE NATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION To enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation for activities associated with the Northeast Corridor as authorized by section 22101(a) of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( Public Law 117–58 ), $1,002,115,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may retain up to one-half of 1 percent of the amounts made available under both this heading in this Act and the National Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation heading in this Act to fund the costs of project management and oversight of activities authorized by section 22101(c) of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( Public Law 117–58 ): Provided further, That in addition to the project management oversight funds authorized under section 22101(c) of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( Public Law 117–58 ), the Secretary may retain up to an additional $5,000,000 of the amounts made available under this heading in this Act to fund expenses associated with the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905 of title 49, United States Code. NATIONAL NETWORK GRANTS TO THE NATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION To enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation for activities associated with the National Network as authorized by section 22101(b) of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (division B of Public Law 117–58 ), $1,123,111,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may retain up to an additional $3,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading in this Act to fund expenses associated with the State-Supported Route Committee established under section 24712 of title 49, United States Code. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS—FEDERAL RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 150. The amounts made available to the Secretary or to the Federal Railroad Administration for the costs of award, administration, and project management oversight of financial assistance which are administered by the Federal Railroad Administration, in this and prior Acts, may be transferred to the Federal Railroad Administration’s Financial Assistance Oversight and Technical Assistance account for the necessary expenses to support the award, administration, project management oversight, and technical assistance of financial assistance administered by the Federal Railroad Administration, in the same manner as appropriated for in this and prior Acts: Provided, That this section shall not apply to amounts that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 151. None of the funds made available to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation may be used to fund any overtime costs in excess of $35,000 for any individual employee: Provided, That the President of Amtrak may waive the cap set in the preceding proviso for specific employees when the President of Amtrak determines such a cap poses a risk to the safety and operational efficiency of the system: Provided further, That the President of Amtrak shall report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations no later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a summary of all overtime payments incurred by Amtrak for 2024 and the three prior calendar years: Provided further, That such summary shall include the total number of employees that received waivers and the total overtime payments Amtrak paid to employees receiving waivers for each month for 2024 and for the three prior calendar years. 152. None of the funds made available to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation under the headings Northeast Corridor Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation and National Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation may be used to reduce the total number of Amtrak Police Department uniformed officers patrolling on board passenger trains or at stations, facilities or rights-of-way below the staffing level on May 1, 2019. 153. (a) Amounts made available under the heading Federal-State Partnership for Intercity Passenger Rail Grants in title VIII of division J of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( Public Law 117–58 ) shall not be available for activities authorized under section 24911(g) of title 49, United States Code. (b) Amounts repurposed pursuant to subsection (a) shall continue to be treated as amounts specified in section 103(b) of division A of Public Law 118–5 . 154. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act or any other Act may be provided to the State of California for a high-speed rail corridor development project that is the same of substantially similar to the project that is the subject of Cooperative Agreement No. FR–HSR–0118–12–01–01 entered into between the California High-Speed Rail Authority and the Federal Railroad Administration. 155. (a) Of the funds made available under the heading “Federal-State Partnership for Intercity Passenger Rail” in division J of Public Law 117–58 for fiscal year 2025, not less than $15,000,000 shall be for a grant to Union Station Redevelopment Corporation to rehabilitate and repair the Washington Union Station complex. (b) Amounts repurposed pursuant to subsection (a) shall continue to be treated as amounts specified in section 103(b) of division A of Public Law 118–5 . (c) The Union Station Redevelopment Corporation Board of Directors shall include designees from the Commonwealth of Virginia and the State of Maryland. (d) The Union Station Redevelopment Corporation and the National Railroad Passenger Corporation shall adhere to Public Law 97–125 and ensure the historic preservation and improvements to Washington Union Station are achieved with maximum reliance on the private sector and minimum requirement for Federal assistance. 156. Section 22908(e) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (2) and by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). Federal transit administration TRANSIT FORMULA GRANTS (LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION) (LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS) (HIGHWAY TRUST FUND) For payment of obligations incurred in the Federal public transportation assistance program in this account, and for payment of obligations incurred in carrying out the provisions of 49 U.S.C. 5305 , 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5329(e)(6), 5334, 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, section 20005(b) of Public Law 112–141 , and section 3006(b) of Public Law 114–94 , $14,279,000,000, to be derived from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds available for the implementation or execution of programs authorized under 49 U.S.C. 5305 , 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5329(e)(6), 5334, 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, section 20005(b) of Public Law 112–141 , and section 3006(b) of Public Law 114–94 , shall not exceed total obligations of $14,279,000,000 in fiscal year 2025. TRANSIT INFRASTRUCTURE GRANTS For an additional amount for Community Project Funding for projects and activities eligible under chapter 53 of such title, $115,638,210, to remain available until expended for the purposes, and in amounts, specified for Community Project Funding in the table entitled Community Project Funding included in the Report accompanying this Act: Provided , That unless otherwise specified, applicable requirements under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, shall apply to amounts made available in this paragraph, except that the Federal share of the costs for a project in this paragraph shall be in an amount equal to 80 percent of the net costs of the project, unless the Secretary approves a higher maximum Federal share of the net costs of the project consistent with administration of similar projects funded under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further , That amounts made available under this heading in this Act shall be derived from the general fund: Provided further , That amounts made available under this heading in this Act shall not be subject to any limitation on obligations for transit programs set forth in this or any other Act. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING For necessary expenses to carry out section 5314 of title 49, United States Code, $7,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That the assistance provided under this heading does not duplicate the activities of section 5311(b) or section 5312 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading are in addition to any other amounts made available for such purposes: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall not be subject to any limitation on obligations set forth in this or any other Act. CAPITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS For necessary expenses to carry out fixed guideway capital investment grants under section 5309 of title 49, United States Code, and section 3005(b) of the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act ( Public Law 114–94 ), $754,733,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading in this Act— (1) $282,628,000 shall be available for projects authorized under section 5309(d) of title 49, United States Code; and (2) up to $464,632,000 shall be available for projects authorized under section 5309(h) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That the amounts made available under this heading shall be made available for the purposes, and in amounts, specified for Capital Investment Grants in the tables under the heading Capital Investment Grants in the Report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That not to exceed 10 percent of any funding level specified under this heading in the Report may be transferred to any other funding level specified under this heading in the Report: Provided further, That no transfer may increase or decrease any funding level by more than 10 percent: Provided further, That any transfer in excess of 10 percent shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 405 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That for funds made available under this heading in division J of Public Law 117–58 the second through sixth provisos shall be treated as inapplicable for fiscal year 2025: Provided further, That for funds made available under this heading in division J of Public Law 117–58 for fiscal year 2025, $1,449,000,000 may be available for projects authorized under section 5309(d) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That for funds made available under this heading in division J of Public Law 117–58 for fiscal year 2025, $135,000,000 may be available for projects authorized under section 5309(h) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further , That amounts repurposed pursuant to the preceding provisos shall continue to be treated as amounts specified in section 103(b) of division A of Public Law 118–5 . GRANTS TO THE WASHINGTON METROPOLITAN AREA TRANSIT AUTHORITY For grants to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority as authorized under section 601 of division B of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110–432 ), $150,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary of Transportation shall approve grants for capital and preventive maintenance expenditures for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority only after receiving and reviewing a request for each specific project: Provided further, That the Secretary shall determine that the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority has placed the highest priority on those investments that will improve the safety of the system before approving such grants. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS—FEDERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 160. The limitations on obligations for the programs of the Federal Transit Administration shall not apply to any authority under 49 U.S.C. 5338 , previously made available for obligation, or to any other authority previously made available for obligation. 161. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated or limited by this Act under the heading Capital Investment Grants of the Federal Transit Administration for projects specified in this Act not obligated by September 30, 2028, and other recoveries, shall be directed to projects eligible to use the funds for the purposes for which they were originally provided. 162. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any funds appropriated before October 1, 2024, under any section of chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, that remain available for expenditure, may be transferred to and administered under the most recent appropriation heading for any such section. 163. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act shall be used to adjust apportionments or withhold funds from apportionments pursuant to section 9503(e)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ( 26 U.S.C. 9503(e)(4) ). Great Lakes St. Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation The Great Lakes St. Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation is hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the Corporation’s budget for the current fiscal year. OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE (HARBOR MAINTENANCE TRUST FUND) For necessary expenses to conduct the operations, maintenance, and capital infrastructure activities on portions of the St. Lawrence Seaway owned, operated, and maintained by the Great Lakes St. Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, $40,605,000, to be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, pursuant to section 210 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 ( 33 U.S.C. 2238 ): Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading, not less than $16,400,000 shall be for the seaway infrastructure program. Maritime Administration MARITIME SECURITY PROGRAM For necessary expenses to maintain and preserve a U.S.-flag merchant fleet as authorized under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, to serve the national security needs of the United States, $318,000,000, to remain available until expended. CABLE SECURITY FLEET (INCLUDING RESCISSION) For the cable security fleet program, as authorized under chapter 532 of title 46, United States Code, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available under this heading, $10,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded. TANKER SECURITY PROGRAM (INCLUDING RESCISSION) For Tanker Security Fleet payments, as authorized under section 53406 of title 46, United States Code, $120,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available under this heading, $60,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded. OPERATIONS AND TRAINING For necessary expenses of operations and training activities authorized by law, $262,275,000: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $94,729,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, for the operations of the United States Merchant Marine Academy; (2) $22,000,000 shall remain available until expended for facilities maintenance and repair, and equipment, at the United States Merchant Marine Academy; (3) $64,000,000 shall remain available until expended for capital improvements at the United States Merchant Marine Academy; (4) $6,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, for the maritime environmental and technical assistance program authorized under section 50307 of title 46, United States Code; and (5) $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the United States marine highway program to make grants for the purposes authorized under section 55601 of title 46, United States Code: Provided further, That the Administrator of the Maritime Administration shall transmit to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations the annual report on sexual assault and sexual harassment at the United States Merchant Marine Academy as required pursuant to section 3510 of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017 ( 46 U.S.C. 51318 ): Provided further, That available balances under this heading for the short sea transportation program or America's marine highway program (now known as the United States marine highway program) from prior year recoveries shall be available to carry out activities authorized under section 55601 of title 46, United States Code. STATE MARITIME ACADEMY OPERATIONS For necessary expenses of operations, support, and training activities for State Maritime Academies, $117,600,000: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $22,000,000 shall remain available until expended for maintenance, repair, and life extension of training ships at the State Maritime Academies; (2) $75,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the national security multi-mission vessel program, including funds for expenses related to the operation, oversight, and management of school ships constructed with funds provided for the National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Program, including insurance, maintenance, repair and equipment costs; and, as determined by the Secretary, necessary expenses to design, plan, construct infrastructure, and purchase equipment necessary to berth such ships: Provided , That such funds may be used to reimburse State Maritime Academies for costs incurred prior to the date of enactment of this Act; (3) $4,800,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2029, for the student incentive program; (4) $8,800,000 shall remain available until expended for training ship fuel assistance; and (5) $7,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, for direct payments for State Maritime Academies: Provided , That each institution eligible for such payments receives no more than $1,000,000. ASSISTANCE TO SMALL SHIPYARDS To make grants to qualified shipyards as authorized under section 54101 of title 46, United States Code, $8,750,000, to remain available until expended. SHIP DISPOSAL For necessary expenses related to the disposal of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet of the Maritime Administration, $6,000,000, to remain available until expended. MARITIME GUARANTEED LOAN (TITLE XI) PROGRAM ACCOUNT (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For administrative expenses to carry out the guaranteed loan program, $3,700,000, which shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for Maritime Administration—Operations and Training . PORT INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM To make grants to improve port facilities as authorized under section 54301 of title 46, United States Code, and section 3501(a)(9) of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ), $72,400,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading in this Act— (1) $50,000,000 shall be for projects for coastal seaports, inland river ports, or Great Lakes ports: Provided, That for grants awarded under this paragraph in this Act, the minimum grant size shall be $1,000,000; and (2) $22,400,000 shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified for Community Project Funding included in the table entitled Community Project Funding included in the Report accompanying this Act. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 170. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, in addition to any existing authority, the Maritime Administration is authorized to furnish utilities and services and make necessary repairs in connection with any lease, contract, or occupancy involving Government property under control of the Maritime Administration: Provided, That payments received therefor shall be credited to the appropriation charged with the cost thereof and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That rental payments under any such lease, contract, or occupancy for items other than such utilities, services, or repairs shall be deposited into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration OPERATIONAL EXPENSES For necessary operational expenses of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, $31,996,000, of which $4,500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY For expenses necessary to discharge the hazardous materials safety functions of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, $81,226,000, of which $10,570,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027: Provided, That up to $800,000 in fees collected under section 5108(g) of title 49, United States Code, shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury as offsetting receipts: Provided further, That there may be credited to this appropriation, to be available until expended, funds received from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training, for reports publication and dissemination, and for travel expenses incurred in performance of hazardous materials exemptions and approvals functions. PIPELINE SAFETY (PIPELINE SAFETY FUND) (OIL SPILL LIABILITY TRUST FUND) For expenses necessary to carry out a pipeline safety program, as authorized by section 60107 of title 49, United States Code, and to discharge the pipeline program responsibilities of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 ( Public Law 101–380 ), $224,422,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027, of which $31,000,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund; of which $186,022,000 shall be derived from the Pipeline Safety Fund; of which $400,000 shall be derived from the fees collected under section 60303 of title 49, United States Code, and deposited in the Liquefied Natural Gas Siting Account for compliance reviews of liquefied natural gas facilities; and of which $7,000,000 shall be derived from fees collected under section 60302 of title 49, United States Code, and deposited in the Underground Natural Gas Storage Facility Safety Account for the purpose of carrying out section 60141 of title 49, United States Code: Provided, That not less than $1,058,000 of the amounts made available under this heading shall be for the one-call state grant program: Provided further, That any amounts made available under this heading in this Act or in prior Acts for research contracts, grants, cooperative agreements or research other transactions agreements (OTAs) shall require written notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations not less than 3 full business days before such research contracts, grants, cooperative agreements, or research OTAs are announced by the Department of Transportation: Provided further, That the Secretary shall transmit to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations the report on pipeline safety testing enhancement as required pursuant to section 105 of the Protecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2020 (division R of Public Law 116–260 ): Provided further, That the Secretary may obligate amounts made available under this heading to engineer, erect, alter, and repair buildings or make any other public improvements for research facilities at the Transportation Technology Center after the Secretary submits an updated research plan and the report in the preceding proviso to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations and after such plan and report in the preceding proviso are approved by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS GRANTS (LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS) (EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS FUND) For expenses necessary to carry out the Emergency Preparedness Grants program, not more than $46,825,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2027, from amounts made available by section 5116(h) and subsections (b) and (c) of section 5128 of title 49, United States Code: Provided, That notwithstanding section 5116(h)(4) of title 49, United States Code, not more than 4 percent of the amounts made available from this account shall be available to pay the administrative costs of carrying out sections 5116, 5107(e), and 5108(g)(2) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That notwithstanding subsections (b) and (c) of section 5128 of title 49, United States Code, and the limitation on obligations provided under this heading, prior year recoveries recognized in the current year shall be available to develop and deliver hazardous materials emergency response training for emergency responders, including response activities for the transportation of crude oil, ethanol, flammable liquids, and other hazardous commodities by rail, consistent with National Fire Protection Association standards, and to make such training available through an electronic format: Provided further, That the prior year recoveries made available under this heading shall also be available to carry out sections 5116(a)(1)(C), 5116(h), 5116(i), 5116(j), and 5107(e) of title 49, United States Code. Office of Inspector General SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General to carry out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $122,176,000: Provided, That the Inspector General shall have all necessary authority, in carrying out the duties specified in the Inspector General Act, as amended (5 U.S.C. App.), to investigate allegations of fraud, including false statements to the government ( 18 U.S.C. 1001 ), by any person or entity that is subject to regulation by the Department of Transportation. General Provisions—Department of Transportation 180. (a) During the current fiscal year, applicable appropriations to the Department of Transportation shall be available for maintenance and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; purchase of liability insurance for motor vehicles operating in foreign countries on official department business; and uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code. (b) During the current fiscal year, applicable appropriations to the Department and its operating administrations shall be available for the purchase, maintenance, operation, and deployment of unmanned aircraft systems that advance the missions of the Department of Transportation or an operating administration of the Department of Transportation. (c) Any unmanned aircraft system purchased, procured, or contracted for by the Department prior to the date of enactment of this Act shall be deemed authorized by Congress as if this provision was in effect when the system was purchased, procured, or contracted for. 181. Appropriations contained in this Act for the Department of Transportation shall be available for services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for an Executive Level IV. 182. (a) No recipient of amounts made available by this Act shall disseminate personal information (as defined in section 2725(3) of title 18, United States Code) obtained by a State department of motor vehicles in connection with a motor vehicle record as defined in section 2725(1) of title 18, United States Code, except as provided in section 2721 of title 18, United States Code, for a use permitted under section 2721 of title 18, United States Code. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary shall not withhold amounts made available by this Act for any grantee if a State is in noncompliance with this provision. 183. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be available for salaries and expenses of more than 125 political and Presidential appointees in the Department of Transportation: Provided, That none of the personnel covered by this provision may be assigned on temporary detail outside the Department of Transportation. 184. Funds received by the Federal Highway Administration and Federal Railroad Administration from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training may be credited respectively to the Federal Highway Administration's Federal-Aid Highways account and to the Federal Railroad Administration's Safety and Operations account, except for State rail safety inspectors participating in training pursuant to section 20105 of title 49, United States Code. 185. None of the funds made available by this Act or in title VIII of division J of Public Law 117–58 to the Department of Transportation may be used to make a loan, loan guarantee, line of credit, letter of intent, federally funded cooperative agreement, full funding grant agreement, or discretionary grant unless the Secretary of Transportation notifies the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations not less than 3 full business days before any project competitively selected to receive any discretionary grant award, letter of intent, loan commitment, loan guarantee commitment, line of credit commitment, federally funded cooperative agreement, or full funding grant agreement is announced by the Department or its operating administrations: Provided, That the Secretary of Transportation shall provide the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations with a comprehensive list of all such loans, loan guarantees, lines of credit, letters of intent, federally funded cooperative agreements, full funding grant agreements, and discretionary grants prior to the notification required under the preceding proviso: Provided further, That the Secretary gives concurrent notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations for any quick release of funds from the emergency relief program: Provided further, That no notification shall involve funds that are not available for obligation. 186. Rebates, refunds, incentive payments, minor fees, and other funds received by the Department of Transportation from travel management centers, charge card programs, the subleasing of building space, and miscellaneous sources are to be credited to appropriations of the Department of Transportation and allocated to organizational units of the Department of Transportation using fair and equitable criteria and such funds shall be available until expended. 187. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if any funds provided by or limited by this Act are subject to a reprogramming action that requires notice to be provided to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations, transmission of such reprogramming notice shall be provided solely to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations, and such reprogramming action shall be approved or denied solely by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That the Secretary of Transportation may provide notice to other congressional committees of the action of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations on such reprogramming but not sooner than 30 days after the date on which the reprogramming action has been approved or denied by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. 188. Funds appropriated by this Act to the operating administrations may be obligated for the Office of the Secretary for the costs related to assessments or reimbursable agreements only when such amounts are for the costs of goods and services that are purchased to provide a direct benefit to the applicable operating administration or administrations. 189. The Secretary of Transportation is authorized to carry out a program that establishes uniform standards for developing and supporting agency transit pass and transit benefits authorized under section 7905 of title 5, United States Code, including distribution of transit benefits by various paper and electronic media. 190. The Department of Transportation may use funds provided by this Act, or any other Act, to assist a contract under title 49 or 23 of the United States Code utilizing geographic, economic, or any other hiring preference not otherwise authorized by law, or to amend a rule, regulation, policy or other measure that forbids a recipient of a Federal Highway Administration or Federal Transit Administration grant from imposing such hiring preference on a contract or construction project with which the Department of Transportation is assisting, only if the grant recipient certifies the following: (1) that except with respect to apprentices or trainees, a pool of readily available but unemployed individuals possessing the knowledge, skill, and ability to perform the work that the contract requires resides in the jurisdiction; (2) that the grant recipient will include appropriate provisions in its bid document ensuring that the contractor does not displace any of its existing employees in order to satisfy such hiring preference; and (3) that any increase in the cost of labor, training, or delays resulting from the use of such hiring preference does not delay or displace any transportation project in the applicable statewide transportation improvement program or transportation improvement program. 191. The Secretary of Transportation shall coordinate with the Secretary of Homeland Security to ensure that best practices for Industrial Control Systems Procurement are up-to-date and shall ensure that systems procured with funds provided under this title were procured using such practices. 192. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the American Security Drone Act of 2023 (subtitle B of title XVIII of division A of Public Law 118–31 ). 193. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule issued on June 24, 2024 by the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration titled “Corporate Average Fuel Economy Standards for Passenger Cars and Light Trucks for Model Years 2027 and Beyond and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Heavy-Duty Pickup Trucks and Vans for Model Years 2030 and Beyond” (89 Fed. Reg. 52540 (June 24, 2024)) or any substantially similar rule. 194. None of the funds appropriated or made available by this Act shall be used to enforce a mask mandate in response to the COVID–19 virus. 195. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used to license, facilitate, coordinate, or otherwise allow officials of a country designated as a state sponsor of terrorism within the past 3 fiscal years, to, in the official capacity of such official, observe, tour, visit, or confer with the employees of the Department of Transportation, including the Federal Aviation Administration. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’ means a country the government of which the Secretary of State determines has repeatedly provided support for international terrorism pursuant to— (1) section 1754(c)(1)(A) of the Export Control Reform Act of 2018 ( 50 U.S.C. 4318(c)(1)(A) ); (2) section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2371 ); (3) section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2780 ); or (4) any other provision of law. This title may be cited as the Department of Transportation Appropriations Act, 2025 . II DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT Management and administration EXECUTIVE OFFICES For necessary salaries and expenses for Executive Offices, which shall be comprised of the offices of the Secretary, Deputy Secretary, Adjudicatory Services, Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations, Public Affairs, Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization, and the Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, $19,400,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That not to exceed $25,000 of the amount made available under this heading shall be available to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (referred to in this title as the Secretary ) for official reception and representation expenses as the Secretary may determine. ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT OFFICES For necessary salaries and expenses for Administrative Support Offices, $686,400,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $91,000,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Financial Officer; (2) $129,700,000 shall be available for the Office of the General Counsel, of which not less than $21,700,000 shall be for the Departmental Enforcement Center; (3) $239,000,000 shall be available for the Office of Administration; (4) $52,000,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Human Capital Officer; (5) $32,000,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Procurement Officer; (6) $68,000,000 shall be available for the Office of Field Policy and Management; (7) $4,700,000 shall be available for the Office of Departmental Equal Employment Opportunity; and (8) $70,000,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Information Officer: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading may be used for necessary administrative and non-administrative expenses of the Department, not otherwise provided for, including purchase of uniforms, or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated under this heading may be used for advertising and promotional activities that directly support program activities funded in this title. PROGRAM OFFICES For necessary salaries and expenses for Program Offices, $1,097,164,130, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $286,000,000 shall be available for the Office of Public and Indian Housing; (2) $168,514,130 shall be available for the Office of Community Planning and Development; (3) $487,550,000 shall be available for the Office of Housing; (4) $41,000,000 shall be available for the Office of Policy Development and Research; (5) $102,900,000 shall be available for the Office of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity; and (6) $11,200,000 shall be available for the Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes. WORKING CAPITAL FUND (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the working capital fund for the Department of Housing and Urban Development (referred to in this paragraph as the Fund ), pursuant, in part, to section 7(f) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act ( 42 U.S.C. 3535(f) ), amounts transferred, including reimbursements pursuant to section 7(f), to the Fund under this heading shall be available only for Federal shared services used by offices and agencies of the Department, for services the Secretary has determined shall be provided through the Fund, and for the operational expenses of the Fund: Provided, That upon a determination by the Secretary that any other service (or portion thereof) authorized under this heading shall be provided through the Fund, amounts made available in this title for salaries and expenses under the headings Executive Offices , Administrative Support Offices , Program Offices , and Government National Mortgage Association , for such services shall be transferred to the Fund, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of its plans for executing such transfers at least 15 days in advance of such transfers. Public and indian housing TENANT-BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE For activities and assistance for the provision of tenant-based rental assistance authorized under the United States Housing Act of 1937, as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq. ) (in this title the Act ), not otherwise provided for, $28,271,935,000 to remain available until expended, which shall be available on October 1, 2024 (in addition to the $4,000,000,000 previously appropriated under this heading that shall be available on October 1, 2024), and $4,000,000,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be available on October 1, 2025: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $28,499,700,000 shall be available for renewals of expiring section 8 tenant-based annual contributions contracts (including renewals of enhanced vouchers under any provision of law authorizing such assistance under section 8(t) of the Act) and including renewal of other special purpose incremental vouchers: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, from amounts provided under this paragraph and any carryover, the Secretary for the calendar year 2025 funding cycle shall provide renewal funding for each public housing agency based on validated voucher management system (VMS) or successor system leasing and cost data for the prior calendar year and by applying an inflation factor as established by the Secretary, by notice published in the Federal Register, and by making any necessary adjustments for the costs associated with the first-time renewal of vouchers under this paragraph including tenant protection and Choice Neighborhoods vouchers: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this paragraph may be used to fund a total number of unit months under lease which exceeds a public housing agency's authorized level of units under contract, except for public housing agencies participating in the Moving to Work (MTW) demonstration, which are instead governed in accordance with the requirements of the MTW demonstration program or their MTW agreements, if any: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, to the extent necessary to stay within the amount specified under this paragraph (except as otherwise modified under this paragraph), prorate each public housing agency's allocation otherwise established pursuant to this paragraph: Provided further, That except as provided in the following provisos, the entire amount specified under this paragraph (except as otherwise modified under this paragraph) shall be obligated to the public housing agencies based on the allocation and pro rata method described above, and the Secretary shall notify public housing agencies of their annual budget by the latter of 60 days after enactment of this Act or March 1, 2025: Provided further, That the Secretary may extend the notification period with the prior written approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That public housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall be funded in accordance with the requirements of the MTW demonstration program or their MTW agreements, if any, and shall be subject to the same pro rata adjustments under the preceding provisos: Provided further, That the Secretary may perform a statutory offset of public housing agencies' calendar year 2025 allocations based on the excess amounts of public housing agencies' net restricted assets accounts, including HUD-held programmatic reserves (in accordance with VMS or successor system data in calendar year 2024 that is verifiable and complete), as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That public housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall also be subject to the statutory offset, as determined by the Secretary, from the agencies’ calendar year 2025 MTW funding allocation: Provided further, That the Secretary shall use any offset referred to in the preceding two provisos throughout the calendar year to prevent the termination of rental assistance for families as the result of insufficient funding, as determined by the Secretary, and to avoid or reduce the proration of renewal funding allocations: Provided further, That up to $200,000,000 shall be available only: (A) for adjustments in the allocations for public housing agencies, after application for an adjustment by a public housing agency that experienced a significant increase, as determined by the Secretary, in renewal costs of vouchers resulting from unforeseen circumstances or from portability under section 8(r) of the Act; (B) for vouchers that were not in use during the previous 12-month period in order to be available to meet a commitment pursuant to section 8(o)(13) of the Act, or an adjustment for a funding obligation not yet expended in the previous calendar year for a MTW-eligible activity to develop affordable housing for an agency added to the MTW demonstration under the expansion authority provided in section 239 of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (division L of Public Law 114–113 ); (C) for adjustments for costs associated with HUD–Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (HUD–VASH) vouchers; (D) for public housing agencies that despite taking reasonable cost savings measures, as determined by the Secretary, would otherwise be required to terminate rental assistance for families as a result of insufficient funding; (E) for adjustments in the allocations for public housing agencies that— (i) are leasing a lower-than-average percentage of their authorized vouchers, (ii) have low amounts of budget authority in their net restricted assets accounts and HUD-held programmatic reserves, relative to other agencies, and (iii) are not participating in the Moving to Work demonstration, to enable such agencies to lease more vouchers; (F) for withheld payments in accordance with section 8(o)(8)(A)(ii) of the Act for months in the previous calendar year that were subsequently paid by the public housing agency after the agency’s actual costs were validated; and (G) for public housing agencies that have experienced increased costs or loss of units in an area for which the President declared a disaster under title IV of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq. ): Provided further, That the Secretary shall allocate amounts under the preceding proviso based on need, as determined by the Secretary; (2) $300,000,000 shall be available for section 8 rental assistance for relocation and replacement of housing units that are demolished or disposed of pursuant to section 18 of the Act, conversion of section 23 projects to assistance under section 8, relocation of witnesses (including victims of violent crimes) in connection with efforts to combat crime in public and assisted housing pursuant to a request from a law enforcement or prosecution agency, enhanced vouchers under any provision of law authorizing such assistance under section 8(t) of the Act, Choice Neighborhood vouchers, mandatory and voluntary conversions, and tenant protection assistance including replacement and relocation assistance or for project-based assistance to prevent the displacement of unassisted elderly tenants currently residing in section 202 properties financed between 1959 and 1974 that are refinanced pursuant to Public Law 106–569 , as amended, or under the authority as provided under this Act: Provided, That the Secretary may, not less than 3 days after providing notice to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations, reprogram amounts made available under this paragraph to utilize such amounts to avoid or reduce the proration of renewal funding allocations under paragraph (1) under this heading: Provided further, That when a public housing development is submitted for demolition or disposition under section 18 of the Act, the Secretary may provide section 8 rental assistance when the units pose an imminent health and safety risk to residents: Provided further, That the Secretary may provide section 8 rental assistance from amounts made available under this paragraph for units assisted under a project-based subsidy contract funded under the Project-Based Rental Assistance heading under this title where the owner has received a Notice of Default and the units pose an imminent health and safety risk to residents: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this paragraph, no less than $5,000,000 may be available to provide tenant protection assistance, not otherwise provided under this paragraph, to residents residing in low vacancy areas and who may have to pay rents greater than 30 percent of household income, as the result of: (A) the maturity of a HUD-insured, HUD-held or section 202 loan that requires the permission of the Secretary prior to loan prepayment; (B) the expiration of a rental assistance contract for which the tenants are not eligible for enhanced voucher or tenant protection assistance under existing law; or (C) the expiration of affordability restrictions accompanying a mortgage or preservation program administered by the Secretary: Provided further, That such tenant protection assistance made available under the preceding proviso may be provided under the authority of section 8(t) or section 8(o)(13) of the Act: Provided further, That any tenant protection voucher made available from amounts under this paragraph shall not be reissued by any public housing agency, except the replacement vouchers as defined by the Secretary by notice, when the initial family that received any such voucher no longer receives such voucher, and the authority for any public housing agency to issue any such voucher shall cease to exist: Provided further, That the Secretary may only provide replacement vouchers for units that were occupied within the previous 24 months that cease to be available as assisted housing, subject only to the availability of funds; (3) $2,770,935,000 shall be available for administrative and other expenses of public housing agencies in administering the section 8 tenant-based rental assistance program, of which up to $30,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary to allocate to public housing agencies that need additional funds to administer their section 8 programs, including fees associated with section 8 tenant protection rental assistance, the administration of disaster related vouchers, HUD–VASH vouchers, and other special purpose incremental vouchers: Provided, That no less than $2,740,935,000 of the amount provided in this paragraph shall be allocated to public housing agencies for the calendar year 2025 funding cycle based on section 8(q) of the Act (and related appropriation Act provisions) as in effect immediately before the enactment of the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998 ( Public Law 105–276 ): Provided further, That if the amounts made available under this paragraph are insufficient to pay the amounts determined under the preceding proviso, the Secretary may decrease the amounts allocated to agencies by a uniform percentage applicable to all agencies receiving funding under this paragraph or may, to the extent necessary to provide full payment of amounts determined under the preceding proviso, utilize unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds appropriated under this heading from prior fiscal years, excluding special purpose vouchers, notwithstanding the purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That all public housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall be funded in accordance with the requirements of the MTW demonstration program or their MTW agreements, if any, and shall be subject to the same uniform percentage decrease as under the preceding proviso: Provided further, That amounts provided under this paragraph shall be only for activities related to the provision of tenant-based rental assistance authorized under section 8, including related development activities; (4) $701,300,000 shall be available for the renewal of tenant-based assistance contracts under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act ( 42 U.S.C. 8013 ), including necessary administrative expenses: Provided, That administrative and other expenses of public housing agencies in administering the special purpose vouchers in this paragraph shall be funded under the same terms and be subject to the same pro rata reduction as the percent decrease for administrative and other expenses to public housing agencies under paragraph (3) of this heading: Provided further, That up to $10,000,000 shall be available only— (A) for adjustments in the allocation for public housing agencies, after applications for an adjustment by a public housing agency that experienced a significant increase, as determined by the Secretary, in Mainstream renewal costs resulting from unforeseen circumstances; and (B) for public housing agencies that despite taking reasonable cost savings measures, as determined by the Secretary, would otherwise be required to terminate the rental assistance for Mainstream families as a result of insufficient funding: Provided further, That the Secretary shall allocate amounts under the preceding proviso based on need, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That upon turnover, section 811 special purpose vouchers funded under this heading in this or prior Acts, or under any other heading in prior Acts, shall be provided to non-elderly persons with disabilities; (5) of the amounts provided under paragraph (1), up to $8,000,000 shall be available for rental assistance and associated administrative fees for Tribal HUD–VASH to serve Native American veterans that are homeless or at-risk of homelessness living on or near a reservation or other Indian areas: Provided, That such amount shall be made available for renewal grants to recipients that received assistance under prior Acts under the Tribal HUD–VASH program: Provided further, That the Secretary shall be authorized to specify criteria for renewal grants, including data on the utilization of assistance reported by grant recipients: Provided further, That such assistance shall be administered in accordance with program requirements under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 and modeled after the HUD–VASH program: Provided further, That the Secretary shall be authorized to waive, or specify alternative requirements for any provision of any statute or regulation that the Secretary administers in connection with the use of funds made available under this paragraph (except for requirements related to fair housing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, and the environment), upon a finding by the Secretary that any such waivers or alternative requirements are necessary for the effective delivery and administration of such assistance: Provided further, That grant recipients shall report to the Secretary on utilization of such rental assistance and other program data, as prescribed by the Secretary: Provided further, That the Secretary may reallocate, as determined by the Secretary, amounts returned or recaptured from awards under the Tribal HUD–VASH program under prior Acts to existing recipients under the Tribal HUD–VASH program; and (6) the Secretary shall separately track all special purpose vouchers funded under this heading. HOUSING CERTIFICATE FUND (INCLUDING RESCISSIONS) Unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds appropriated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development under this heading, the heading Annual Contributions for Assisted Housing and the heading Project-Based Rental Assistance , for fiscal year 2025 and prior years may be used for renewal of or amendments to section 8 project-based contracts and for performance-based contract administrators, notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds were appropriated: Provided, That any obligated balances of contract authority from fiscal year 1974 and prior fiscal years that have been terminated shall be rescinded: Provided further, That amounts heretofore recaptured, or recaptured during the current fiscal year, from section 8 project-based contracts from source years fiscal year 1975 through fiscal year 1987 are hereby rescinded, and an amount of additional new budget authority, equivalent to the amount rescinded is hereby appropriated, to remain available until expended, for the purposes set forth under this heading, in addition to amounts otherwise available. PUBLIC HOUSING FUND For 2025 payments to public housing agencies for the operation and management of public housing, as authorized by section 9(e) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437g(e) ) (the Act ), and to carry out capital and management activities for public housing agencies, as authorized under section 9(d) of the Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1437g(d) ), $8,213,713,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $5,096,713,000 shall be available for the Secretary to allocate pursuant to the Operating Fund formula at part 990 of title 24, Code of Federal Regulations, for 2025 payments; (2) $25,000,000 shall be available for the Secretary to allocate pursuant to a need-based application process notwithstanding section 203 of this title and not subject to such Operating Fund formula to public housing agencies that experience, or are at risk of, financial shortfalls, as determined by the Secretary: Provided, That after all such shortfall needs are met, the Secretary may distribute any remaining funds to all public housing agencies on a pro-rata basis pursuant to such Operating Fund formula; (3) $3,047,000,000 shall be available for the Secretary to allocate pursuant to the Capital Fund formula at section 905.400 of title 24, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided, That for funds provided under this paragraph, the limitation in section 9(g)(1) of the Act shall be 25 percent: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the limitation in the preceding proviso to allow public housing agencies to fund activities authorized under section 9(e)(1)(C) of the Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify public housing agencies requesting waivers under the preceding proviso if the request is approved or denied within 14 calendar days of submitting the request: Provided further, That from the funds made available under this paragraph, the Secretary shall provide bonus awards in fiscal year 2025 to public housing agencies that are designated high performers: Provided further, That the Department shall notify public housing agencies of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act; (4) $30,000,000 shall be available for the Secretary to make grants, notwithstanding section 203 of this title, to public housing agencies for emergency capital needs, including safety and security measures necessary to address crime and drug-related activity, as well as needs resulting from unforeseen or unpreventable emergencies and natural disasters excluding Presidentially declared emergencies and natural disasters under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq. ) occurring in fiscal year 2025: Provided, That of the amount made available under this paragraph, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for safety and security measures: Provided further, That in addition to the amount in the preceding proviso for such safety and security measures, any amounts that remain available, after all applications received on or before September 30, 2026, for emergency capital needs have been processed, shall be allocated to public housing agencies for such safety and security measures; and (5) $15,000,000 shall be available to support the costs of administrative and judicial receiverships and for competitive grants to PHAs in receivership, designated troubled or substandard, or otherwise at risk, as determined by the Secretary, for costs associated with public housing asset improvement, in addition to other amounts for that purpose provided under any heading under this title: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law or regulation, during fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may not delegate to any Department official other than the Deputy Secretary and the Assistant Secretary for Public and Indian Housing any authority under paragraph (2) of section 9(j) of the Act regarding the extension of the time periods under such section: Provided further, That for purposes of such section 9(j), the term obligate means, with respect to amounts, that the amounts are subject to a binding agreement that will result in outlays, immediately or in the future. ASSISTED HOUSING INSPECTIONS AND RISK ASSESSMENTS For the Department’s inspection and assessment programs, including travel, training, and program support contracts, $50,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds appropriated under the heading Public Housing Fund to support ongoing public housing financial and physical assessment activities shall be available for the purposes authorized under this heading in addition to the purposes for which such funds originally were appropriated. SELF-SUFFICIENCY PROGRAMS For activities and assistance related to self-sufficiency programs, to remain available until September 30, 2028, $175,000,000: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $125,000,000 shall be available for the family self-sufficiency program to support family self-sufficiency coordinators under section 23 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437u ), to promote the development of local strategies to coordinate the use of assistance under sections 8 and 9 of such Act with public and private resources, and enable eligible families to achieve economic independence and self-sufficiency; (2) $35,000,000 shall be available for the resident opportunity and self-sufficiency program to provide for supportive services, service coordinators, and congregate services as authorized by section 34 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437z–6 ) and the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 ( 25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq. ): Provided, That amounts made available under this paragraph may be used to renew resident opportunity and self-sufficiency program grants to allow the public housing agency, or a new owner, to continue to serve (or restart service to) residents of a project with assistance converted from public housing to project-based rental assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f ) or assistance under section 8(o)(13) of such Act under the heading Rental Assistance Demonstration in the Department of Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Act, 2012 ( Public Law 112–55 ), as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f note); and (3) $15,000,000 shall be available for a jobs-plus initiative, modeled after the jobs-plus demonstration: Provided, That funding provided under this paragraph shall be available for competitive grants to partnerships between public housing authorities, local workforce investment boards established under section 107 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act of 2014 ( 29 U.S.C. 3122 ), and other agencies and organizations that provide support to help public housing residents obtain employment and increase earnings: Provided further, That applicants must demonstrate the ability to provide services to residents, partner with workforce investment boards, and leverage service dollars: Provided further, That the Secretary may allow public housing agencies to request exemptions from rent and income limitation requirements under sections 3 and 6 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437a , 1437d), as necessary to implement the jobs-plus program, on such terms and conditions as the Secretary may approve upon a finding by the Secretary that any such waivers or alternative requirements are necessary for the effective implementation of the jobs-plus initiative as a voluntary program for residents: Provided further, That the Secretary shall publish by notice in the Federal Register any waivers or alternative requirements pursuant to the preceding proviso no later than 10 days before the effective date of such notice. NATIVE AMERICAN PROGRAMS For activities and assistance authorized under title I of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (in this heading NAHASDA ) ( 25 U.S.C. 4111 et seq. ), title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 ( 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ) with respect to Indian tribes, and related training and technical assistance, $1,455,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $1,222,100,000 shall be available for the Native American housing block grants program, as authorized under title I of NAHASDA: Provided, That, notwithstanding NAHASDA, to determine the amount of the allocation under title I of such Act for each Indian tribe, the Secretary shall apply the formula under section 302 of such Act with the need component based on single-race census data and with the need component based on multi-race census data, and the amount of the allocation for each Indian tribe shall be the greater of the two resulting allocation amounts: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify grantees of their formula allocation not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act; (2) $150,000,000 shall be available for competitive grants under the Native American housing block grants program, as authorized under title I of NAHASDA: Provided, That the Secretary shall obligate such amount for competitive grants to eligible recipients authorized under NAHASDA that apply for funds: Provided further, That in awarding amounts made available in this paragraph, the Secretary shall consider need and administrative capacity, and shall give priority to projects that will spur construction and rehabilitation of housing: Provided further, That any amounts transferred for the necessary costs of administering and overseeing the obligation and expenditure of such additional amounts in prior Acts may also be used for the necessary costs of administering and overseeing such additional amount; (3) $1,000,000 shall be available for the cost of guaranteed notes and other obligations, as authorized by title VI of NAHASDA: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such notes and other obligations, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 ( 2 U.S.C. 661a ): Provided further, That amounts made available in this and prior Acts for the cost of such guaranteed notes and other obligations that are unobligated, including recaptures and carryover, may be available to subsidize the total principal amount of any notes and other obligations, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $50,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That upon a determination that the budget authority made available for this program under this paragraph in this or prior Acts exceeds the projected demand for the current fiscal year, the Secretary may reprogram such excess amounts as necessary to provide additional awards under paragraphs (1), (2), or (4) of this heading, if the Secretary provides notice to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations not less than 3 business days before any such reprogramming; (4) $75,000,000 shall be available for grants to Indian tribes for carrying out the Indian community development block grant program under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, notwithstanding section 106(a)(1) of such Act, of which, notwithstanding any other provision of law (including section 203 of this Act), not more than $5,000,000 may be used for emergencies that constitute imminent threats to health and safety: Provided, That not to exceed 20 percent of any grant made with amounts made available in this paragraph shall be expended for planning and management development and administration; and (5) $7,000,000, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purpose, shall be available for providing training and technical assistance to Indian tribes, Indian housing authorities, and tribally designated housing entities, to support the inspection of Indian housing units, for contract expertise, and for training and technical assistance related to amounts made available under this heading and other headings in this Act for the needs of Native American families and Indian country: Provided, That of the amounts made available in this paragraph, not less than $2,000,000 shall be for a national organization as authorized under section 703 of NAHASDA ( 25 U.S.C. 4212 ): Provided further, That amounts made available in this paragraph may be used, contracted, or competed as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That notwithstanding chapter 63 of title 31, United States Code (commonly known as the Federal Grant and Cooperative Agreements Act of 1977), the amounts made available in this paragraph may be used by the Secretary to enter into cooperative agreements with public and private organizations, agencies, institutions, and other technical assistance providers to support the administration of negotiated rulemaking under section 106 of NAHASDA ( 25 U.S.C. 4116 ), the administration of the allocation formula under section 302 of NAHASDA ( 25 U.S.C. 4152 ), and the administration of performance tracking and reporting under section 407 of NAHASDA ( 25 U.S.C. 4167 ). INDIAN HOUSING LOAN GUARANTEE FUND PROGRAM ACCOUNT For the cost of guaranteed loans, as authorized by section 184 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 ( 12 U.S.C. 1715z–13a ), $1,600,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 ( 2 U.S.C. 661a ): Provided further, That an additional $400,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available for administrative contract expenses including management processes to carry out the loan guarantee program: Provided further, That amounts made available in this and prior Acts for the cost of guaranteed loans, as authorized by section 184 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 ( 12 U.S.C. 1715z–13a ), that are unobligated, including recaptures and carryover, may be made available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $1,800,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026. NATIVE HAWAIIAN HOUSING LOAN GUARANTEE FUND PROGRAM ACCOUNT New commitments to guarantee loans, as authorized by section 184A of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 ( 12 U.S.C. 1715z–13b ), any part of which is to be guaranteed, shall not exceed $28,000,000 in total loan principal, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That the Secretary may enter into commitments to guarantee loans used for refinancing. Community planning and development HOUSING OPPORTUNITIES FOR PERSONS WITH AIDS For carrying out the housing opportunities for persons with AIDS program, as authorized by the AIDS Housing Opportunity Act ( 42 U.S.C. 12901 et seq. ), $505,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028: Provided, That the Secretary shall renew or replace all expiring contracts for permanent supportive housing that initially were funded under section 854(c)(5) of such Act from funds made available under this heading in fiscal year 2010 and prior fiscal years that meet all program requirements before awarding funds for new contracts under such section: Provided further, That the process for submitting amendments and approving replacement contracts shall be established by the Secretary in a notice: Provided further, That the Department shall notify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FUND For assistance to States and units of general local government, and other entities, for economic and community development activities, and other purposes, $5,506,157,732, to remain available until September 30, 2028: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $3,300,000,000 shall be available for carrying out the community development block grant program under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ) (in this heading the Act ): Provided, That not to exceed 20 percent of any grant made with funds made available under this paragraph shall be expended for planning and management development and administration: Provided further, That a metropolitan city, urban county, unit of general local government, or insular area that directly or indirectly receives funds under this paragraph may not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer all or any portion of such funds to another such entity in exchange for any other funds, credits, or non-Federal considerations, but shall use such funds for activities eligible under title I of the Act: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 105(e)(1) of the Act, no funds made available under this paragraph may be provided to a for-profit entity for an economic development project under section 105(a)(17) unless such project has been evaluated and selected in accordance with guidelines required under subsection (e)(2) of section 105; (2) $30,000,000 shall be available for activities authorized under section 8071 of the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act ( Public Law 115–271 ): Provided, That funds allocated pursuant to this paragraph shall not adversely affect the amount of any formula assistance received by a State under paragraph (1) of this heading: Provided further, That the Secretary shall allocate the funds for such activities based on the notice establishing the funding formula published in 84 FR 16027 (April 17, 2019) except that the formula shall use age-adjusted rates of drug overdose deaths for 2022 based on data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: Provided further, That if such age-adjusted rate is unavailable for a jurisdiction, the Secretary shall use the best available data to determine eligibility and to allocate to such jurisdiction; (3) $2,176,157,732 shall be available for grants for the Economic Development Initiative (EDI) for the purposes, and in amounts, specified for Community Project Funding in the table entitled Community Project Funding included in the Report accompanying this Act: Provided, That eligible expenses of such grants in this and prior Acts may include administrative, planning, operations and maintenance, and other costs: Provided further, That such grants for the EDI shall be available for reimbursement of otherwise eligible expenses incurred on or after the date of enactment of this Act and prior to the date of grant execution: Provided further, That none of the amounts made available under this paragraph for grants for the EDI shall be used for reimbursement of expenses incurred prior to the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That grants for the EDI authorized under this heading in the Department of Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Act, 2022 ( Public Law 117–103 ) shall also be available hereafter for reimbursement of otherwise eligible expenses (including those eligible expenses identified in the first proviso of this paragraph) incurred on or after the date of enactment of such Act and prior to the date of grant execution, and shall hereafter not be subject to the second proviso under such heading in such Act: Provided further , That for amounts made available under paragraphs (1) and (2), the Secretary shall notify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT LOAN GUARANTEES PROGRAM ACCOUNT Subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 ( 2 U.S.C. 661a ), during fiscal year 2025, commitments to guarantee loans under section 108 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 ( 42 U.S.C. 5308 ), any part of which is guaranteed, shall not exceed a total principal amount of $400,000,000, notwithstanding any aggregate limitation on outstanding obligations guaranteed in subsection (k) of such section 108: Provided, That the Secretary shall collect fees from borrowers, notwithstanding subsection (m) of such section 108, to result in a credit subsidy cost of zero for guaranteeing such loans, and any such fees shall be collected in accordance with section 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such commitment authority funded by fees may be used to guarantee, or make commitments to guarantee, notes or other obligations issued by any State on behalf of non-entitlement communities in the State in accordance with the requirements of such section 108: Provided further, That any State receiving such a guarantee or commitment under the preceding proviso shall distribute all funds subject to such guarantee to the units of general local government in non-entitlement areas that received the commitment. HOME INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS PROGRAM For the HOME investment partnerships program, as authorized under title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq. ), $500,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028: Provided, That the Department shall notify grantees of their formula allocations within 60 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That section 218(g) of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 12748(g) ) shall not apply with respect to the right of a jurisdiction to draw funds from its HOME Investment Trust Fund that otherwise expired or would expire in any calendar year from 2019 through 2027 under that section: Provided further, That section 231(b) of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 12771(b) ) shall not apply to any uninvested funds that otherwise were deducted or would be deducted from the line of credit in the participating jurisdiction's HOME Investment Trust Fund in any calendar year from 2019 through 2027 under that section. PRESERVATION AND REINVESTMENT INITIATIVE FOR COMMUNITY ENHANCEMENT For competitive grants to preserve and revitalize manufactured housing and eligible manufactured housing communities (including pre-1976 mobile homes) under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. ), $10,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029: Provided, That recipients of grants provided with amounts made available under this heading shall be States, units of general local government, resident-owned manufactured housing communities, cooperatives, nonprofit entities including consortia of nonprofit entities, community development financial institutions, Indian Tribes (as such term is defined in section 4 of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (NAHASDA) ( 25 U.S.C. 4103 )), or other entities approved by the Secretary: Provided further, That the Secretary shall reserve an amount for Indian Tribes within such competition: Provided further, That the Secretary may approve entities for selection that partner with one or several residents of such eligible communities or that propose to implement a grant program that would assist residents of such eligible communities: Provided further, That eligible uses of such grants may include infrastructure, planning, resident and community services (including relocation assistance and eviction prevention), resiliency activities, and providing other assistance to residents or owners of manufactured homes, which may include providing assistance for manufactured housing land and site acquisition: Provided further, That, except as determined by the Secretary, participation in this program shall not encumber the future transfer of title or use of property by the residents, owners, or communities: Provided further, That when selecting recipients, the Secretary shall prioritize applications that primarily benefit low- or moderately low-income residents and preserve long-term housing affordability for residents of manufactured housing or a manufactured housing community: Provided further, That eligible manufactured housing communities may include those that are— (1) owned by the residents of the manufactured housing community through a resident-controlled entity, as defined by the Secretary; or (2) determined by the Secretary to be subject to binding agreements that will preserve the community and maintain affordability on a long-term basis: Provided further, That resiliency activities means the reconstruction, repair, or replacement of manufactured housing and manufactured housing communities to protect the health and safety of manufactured housing residents and to address weatherization and energy efficiency needs, except that for pre-1976 mobile homes, funds made available under this heading may be used only for replacement: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive or specify alternative requirements for any provision of any statute or regulation that the Secretary administers in connection with the use of amounts made available under this heading (except for requirements related to fair housing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, and the environment), upon a finding that such waiver or alternative requirement is necessary to facilitate the use of such amounts. SELF-HELP AND ASSISTED HOMEOWNERSHIP OPPORTUNITY PROGRAM For the self-help and assisted homeownership opportunity program, as authorized under section 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996 ( 42 U.S.C. 12805 note), and for related activities and assistance, $56,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $9,000,000 shall be available for the self-help homeownership opportunity program as authorized under such section 11; (2) $42,000,000 shall be available for the second, third, and fourth capacity building entities specified in section 4(a) of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993 ( 42 U.S.C. 9816 note), of which not less than $5,000,000 shall be for rural capacity building activities: Provided, That for purposes of awarding grants from amounts made available in this paragraph, the Secretary may enter into multiyear agreements, as appropriate, subject to the availability of annual appropriations; and (3) $5,000,000 shall be available for capacity building by national rural housing organizations having experience assessing national rural conditions and providing financing, training, technical assistance, information, and research to local nonprofit organizations, local governments, and Indian Tribes serving high need rural communities. HOMELESS ASSISTANCE GRANTS For assistance under title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 11360 et seq. ), and for related activities and assistance, $4,060,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027: Provided, That of the sums appropriated under this heading— (1) $290,000,000 shall be available for the emergency solutions grants program authorized under subtitle B of such title IV ( 42 U.S.C. 11371 et seq. ): Provided, That the Department shall notify grantees of their formula allocation from amounts allocated (which may represent initial or final amounts allocated) for the emergency solutions grant program not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act; (2) $3,678,000,000 shall be available for the continuum of care program authorized under subtitle C of such title IV ( 42 U.S.C. 11381 et seq. ) and the rural housing stability assistance programs authorized under subtitle D of such title IV ( 42 U.S.C. 11408 ): Provided, That the Secretary shall prioritize funding under the continuum of care program to continuums of care that have demonstrated a capacity to reallocate funding from lower performing projects to higher performing projects: Provided further, That the Secretary may establish by notice an alternative maximum amount for administrative costs related to the requirements described in sections 402(f)(1) and 402(f)(2) of subtitle A of such title IV of no more than 5 percent or $50,000, whichever is greater, notwithstanding the 3 percent limitation in section 423(a)(10) of such subtitle C: Provided further, That of the amounts made available for the continuum of care program under this paragraph, $52,000,000 shall be for grants for new rapid re-housing projects and supportive service projects providing coordinated entry, and for eligible activities that the Secretary determines to be critical in order to assist survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking, except that the Secretary may make additional grants for such projects and purposes from amounts made available for such continuum of care program: Provided further, That amounts made available for the continuum of care program under this paragraph and any remaining unobligated balances under this heading in prior Acts may be used to competitively or non-competitively renew or replace grants for youth homeless demonstration projects under the continuum of care program, notwithstanding any conflict with the requirements of the continuum of care program; (3) $10,000,000 shall be available for the national homeless data analysis project: Provided, That notwithstanding the provisions of the Federal Grant and Cooperative Agreements Act of 1977 ( 31 U.S.C. 6301–6308 ), the amounts made available under this paragraph and any remaining unobligated balances under this heading for such purposes in prior Acts may be used by the Secretary to enter into cooperative agreements with such entities as may be determined by the Secretary, including public and private organizations, agencies, and institutions; and (4) $82,000,000 shall be available to implement projects to demonstrate how a comprehensive approach to serving homeless youth, age 24 and under, in up to 25 communities with a priority for communities with substantial rural populations in up to eight locations, can dramatically reduce youth homelessness: Provided, That of the amount made available under this paragraph, not less than $25,000,000 shall be for youth homelessness system improvement grants to support communities, including but not limited to the communities assisted under the matter preceding this proviso, in establishing and implementing a response system for youth homelessness, or for improving their existing system: Provided further, That of the amount made available under this paragraph, up to $10,000,000 shall be to provide technical assistance to communities, including but not limited to the communities assisted in the preceding proviso and the matter preceding such proviso, on improving system responses to youth homelessness, and collection, analysis, use, and reporting of data and performance measures under the comprehensive approaches to serve homeless youth, in addition to and in coordination with other technical assistance funds provided under this title: Provided further, That the Secretary may use up to 10 percent of the amount made available under the preceding proviso to build the capacity of current technical assistance providers or to train new technical assistance providers with verifiable prior experience with systems and programs for youth experiencing homelessness: Provided further, That youth aged 24 and under seeking assistance under this heading shall not be required to provide third party documentation to establish their eligibility under subsection (a) or (b) of section 103 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 11302 ) to receive services: Provided further, That unaccompanied youth aged 24 and under or families headed by youth aged 24 and under who are living in unsafe situations may be served by youth-serving providers funded under this heading: Provided further, That persons eligible under section 103(a)(5) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act may be served by any project funded under this heading to provide both transitional housing and rapid re-housing: Provided further, That for all matching funds requirements applicable to funds made available under this heading for this fiscal year and prior fiscal years, a grantee may use (or could have used) as a source of match funds other funds administered by the Secretary and other Federal agencies unless there is (or was) a specific statutory prohibition on any such use of any such funds: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to provide funding for new projects, except for projects created through reallocation, unless the Secretary determines that the continuum of care has demonstrated that projects are evaluated and ranked based on the degree to which they improve the continuum of care's system performance: Provided further, That any unobligated amounts remaining from funds made available under this heading in fiscal year 2012 and prior years for project-based rental assistance for rehabilitation projects with 10-year grant terms may be used for purposes under this heading, notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds were appropriated: Provided further, That unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds transferred to or appropriated under this heading in fiscal year 2019 or prior years, except for rental assistance amounts that were recaptured and made available until expended, shall be available for the current purposes authorized under this heading in addition to the purposes for which such funds originally were appropriated. Housing programs PROJECT-BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE For activities and assistance for the provision of project-based subsidy contracts under the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq. ) ( the Act ), not otherwise provided for, $16,195,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2024 (in addition to the $400,000,000 previously appropriated under this heading that became available October 1, 2024), and $400,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2025: Provided, That the amounts made available under this heading shall be available for expiring or terminating section 8 project-based subsidy contracts (including section 8 moderate rehabilitation contracts), for amendments to section 8 project-based subsidy contracts (including section 8 moderate rehabilitation contracts), for contracts entered into pursuant to section 441 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 11401 ), for renewal of section 8 contracts for units in projects that are subject to approved plans of action under the Emergency Low Income Housing Preservation Act of 1987 or the Low-Income Housing Preservation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990, and for administrative and other expenses associated with project-based activities and assistance funded under this heading: Provided further, That of the total amounts provided under this heading, not to exceed $468,000,000 shall be available for performance-based contract administrators for section 8 project-based assistance, for carrying out 42 U.S.C. 1437(f) : Provided further, That the Secretary may also use such amounts in the preceding proviso for performance-based contract administrators for the administration of: interest reduction payments pursuant to section 236(a) of the National Housing Act ( 12 U.S.C. 1715z–1(a) ); rent supplement payments pursuant to section 101 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965 ( 12 U.S.C. 1701s ); section 236(f)(2) rental assistance payments ( 12 U.S.C. 1715z–1(f)(2) ); project rental assistance contracts for the elderly under section 202(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1959 ( 12 U.S.C. 1701q ); project rental assistance contracts for supportive housing for persons with disabilities under section 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act ( 42 U.S.C. 8013(d)(2) ); project assistance contracts pursuant to section 202(h) of the Housing Act of 1959 ( Public Law 86–372 ; 73 Stat. 667); and loans under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 ( Public Law 86–372 ; 73 Stat. 667): Provided further, That amounts recaptured under this heading, the heading Annual Contributions for Assisted Housing , or the heading Housing Certificate Fund , may be used for renewals of or amendments to section 8 project-based contracts or for performance-based contract administrators, notwithstanding the purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon the request of the Secretary, project funds that are held in residual receipts accounts for any project subject to a section 8 project-based housing assistance payments contract that authorizes the Department or a housing finance agency to require that surplus project funds be deposited in an interest-bearing residual receipts account and that are in excess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary, shall be remitted to the Department and deposited in this account, to be available until expended: Provided further, That amounts deposited pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be available in addition to the amount otherwise provided by this heading for uses authorized under this heading. HOUSING FOR THE ELDERLY For amendments to capital advance contracts, for housing for the elderly, as authorized by section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 ( 12 U.S.C. 1701q ), for project rental assistance for the elderly under section 202(c)(2) of such Act, including amendments to contracts for such assistance and renewal of expiring contracts for such assistance for up to a 5-year term, for senior preservation rental assistance contracts, including renewals, as authorized by section 811(e) of the American Homeownership and Economic Opportunity Act of 2000 ( 12 U.S.C. 1701q note), for supportive services associated with the housing, and for administrative and other expenses associated with assistance funded under this heading, $931,400,000 to remain available until September 30, 2028: Provided, That of the amount made available under this heading, up to $115,000,000 shall be for service coordinators and the continuation of existing congregate service grants for residents of assisted housing projects: Provided further, That any funding for existing service coordinators under the preceding proviso shall be provided within 120 days of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the provisions of section 202 governing the terms and conditions of project rental assistance, except that the initial contract term for such assistance shall not exceed 5 years in duration: Provided further, That upon request of the Secretary, project funds that are held in residual receipts accounts for any project subject to a section 202 project rental assistance contract, and that upon termination of such contract are in excess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary, shall be remitted to the Department and deposited in this account, to remain available until September 30, 2028: Provided further, That amounts deposited in this account pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be available, in addition to the amounts otherwise provided by this heading, for the purposes authorized under this heading: Provided further, That unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds transferred to or appropriated under this heading shall be available for the current purposes authorized under this heading in addition to the purposes for which such funds originally were appropriated. HOUSING FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES For amendments to capital advance contracts, for supportive housing for persons with disabilities, as authorized by section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act ( 42 U.S.C. 8013 ), for project rental assistance for supportive housing for persons with disabilities under section 811(d)(2) of such Act, for project assistance contracts pursuant to subsection (h) of section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as added by section 205(a) of the Housing and Community Development Amendments of 1978 ( Public Law 95–557 ; 92 Stat. 2090), including amendments to contracts for such assistance and renewal of expiring contracts for such assistance for up to a 5-year term, for project rental assistance to State housing finance agencies and other appropriate entities as authorized under section 811(b)(3) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, for supportive services associated with the housing for persons with disabilities as authorized by section 811(b)(1) of such Act, and for administrative and other expenses associated with assistance funded under this heading, $256,700,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028: Provided, That, upon the request of the Secretary, project funds that are held in residual receipts accounts for any project subject to a section 811 project rental assistance contract, and that upon termination of such contract are in excess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary, shall be remitted to the Department and deposited in this account, to remain available until September 30, 2028: Provided further, That amounts deposited in this account pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be available in addition to the amounts otherwise provided by this heading for the purposes authorized under this heading: Provided further, That unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds transferred to or appropriated under this heading shall be used for the current purposes authorized under this heading in addition to the purposes for which such funds originally were appropriated. HOUSING COUNSELING ASSISTANCE For contracts, grants, and other assistance excluding loans, as authorized under section 106 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, as amended, $57,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, including up to $4,500,000 for administrative contract services: Provided, That funds shall be used for providing counseling and advice to tenants and homeowners, both current and prospective, with respect to property maintenance, financial management or literacy, and such other matters as may be appropriate to assist them in improving their housing conditions, meeting their financial needs, and fulfilling the responsibilities of tenancy or homeownership; for program administration; and for housing counselor training: Provided further, That for purposes of awarding grants from amounts provided under this heading, the Secretary may enter into multiyear agreements, as appropriate, subject to the availability of annual appropriations. PAYMENT TO MANUFACTURED HOUSING FEES TRUST FUND For necessary expenses as authorized by the National Manufactured Housing Construction and Safety Standards Act of 1974 ( 42 U.S.C. 5401 et seq. ), up to $14,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $14,000,000 shall be derived from the Manufactured Housing Fees Trust Fund (established under section 620(e) of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5419(e) ): Provided, That not to exceed the total amount appropriated under this heading shall be available from the general fund of the Treasury to the extent necessary to incur obligations and make expenditures pending the receipt of collections to the Fund pursuant to section 620 of such Act: Provided further, That the amount made available under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced as such collections are received during fiscal year 2025 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation from the general fund estimated at zero, and fees pursuant to such section 620 shall be modified as necessary to ensure such a final fiscal year 2025 appropriation: Provided further, That for the dispute resolution and installation programs, the Secretary may assess and collect fees from any program participant: Provided further, That such collections shall be deposited into the Trust Fund, and the Secretary, as provided herein, may use such collections, as well as fees collected under section 620 of such Act, for necessary expenses of such Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the requirements of section 620 of such Act, the Secretary may carry out responsibilities of the Secretary under such Act through the use of approved service providers that are paid directly by the recipients of their services. Federal housing administration MUTUAL MORTGAGE INSURANCE PROGRAM ACCOUNT New commitments to guarantee single family loans insured under the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund shall not exceed $400,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That during fiscal year 2025, obligations to make direct loans to carry out the purposes of section 204(g) of the National Housing Act, as amended, shall not exceed $1,000,000: Provided further, That the foregoing amount in the preceding proviso shall be for loans to nonprofit and governmental entities in connection with sales of single family real properties owned by the Secretary and formerly insured under the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund: Provided further, That for administrative contract expenses of the Federal Housing Administration, $150,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That to the extent guaranteed loan commitments exceed $200,000,000,000 on or before April 1, 2025, an additional $1,400 for administrative contract expenses shall be available for each $1,000,000 in additional guaranteed loan commitments (including a pro rata amount for any amount below $1,000,000), but in no case shall funds made available by this proviso exceed $30,000,000: Provided further, That notwithstanding the limitation in the first sentence of section 255(g) of the National Housing Act ( 12 U.S.C. 1715z–20(g) ), during fiscal year 2025 the Secretary may insure and enter into new commitments to insure mortgages under section 255 of the National Housing Act only to the extent that the net credit subsidy cost for such insurance does not exceed zero. GENERAL AND SPECIAL RISK PROGRAM ACCOUNT New commitments to guarantee loans insured under the General and Special Risk Insurance Funds, as authorized by sections 238 and 519 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–3 and 1735c), shall not exceed $35,000,000,000 in total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That during fiscal year 2025, gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized by sections 204(g), 207(l), 238, and 519(a) of the National Housing Act, shall not exceed $1,000,000, which shall be for loans to nonprofit and governmental entities in connection with the sale of single family real properties owned by the Secretary and formerly insured under such Act. Government national mortgage association GUARANTEES OF MORTGAGE-BACKED SECURITIES LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAM ACCOUNT New commitments to issue guarantees to carry out the purposes of section 306 of the National Housing Act, as amended ( 12 U.S.C. 1721(g) ), shall not exceed $550,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That $54,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026, shall be for necessary salaries and expenses of the Government National Mortgage Association: Provided further, That to the extent that guaranteed loan commitments exceed $155,000,000,000 on or before April 1, 2025, an additional $100 for necessary salaries and expenses shall be available until expended for each $1,000,000 in additional guaranteed loan commitments (including a pro rata amount for any amount below $1,000,000), but in no case shall funds made available by this proviso exceed $3,000,000: Provided further, That receipts from Commitment and Multiclass fees collected pursuant to title III of the National Housing Act ( 12 U.S.C. 1716 et seq. ) shall be credited as offsetting collections to this account. Policy development and research RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY For contracts, grants, and necessary expenses of programs of research and studies relating to housing and urban problems, not otherwise provided for, as authorized by title V of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970 ( 12 U.S.C. 1701z–1 et seq. ), including carrying out the functions of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under section 1(a)(1)(i) of Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1968, and for technical assistance, $119,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That with respect to amounts made available under this heading, notwithstanding section 203 of this title, the Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements with philanthropic entities, other Federal agencies, State or local governments and their agencies, Indian Tribes, tribally designated housing entities, or colleges or universities for research projects: Provided further, That with respect to the preceding proviso, such partners to the cooperative agreements shall contribute at least a 50 percent match toward the cost of the project: Provided further, That for non-competitive agreements entered into in accordance with the preceding two provisos, the Secretary shall comply with section 2(b) of the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 ( Public Law 109–282 ; 31 U.S.C. note) in lieu of compliance with section 102(a)(4)(C) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Reform Act of 1989 ( 42 U.S.C. 3545(a)(4)(C) ) with respect to documentation of award decisions: Provided further, That prior to obligation of technical assistance funding, the Secretary shall submit a plan to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations on how the Secretary will allocate funding for this activity at least 30 days prior to obligation: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading may be available for the doctoral dissertation research grant program. Fair housing and equal opportunity FAIR HOUSING ACTIVITIES For contracts, grants, and other assistance, not otherwise provided for, as authorized by title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968 ( 42 U.S.C. 3601 et seq. ), and section 561 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987 ( 42 U.S.C. 3616a ), $85,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary may assess and collect fees to cover the costs of the Fair Housing Training Academy, and may use such funds to develop online courses and provide such training: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used to lobby the executive or legislative branches of the Federal Government in connection with a specific contract, grant, or loan: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $1,000,000 may be available to the Secretary for the creation and promotion of translated materials and other programs that support the assistance of persons with limited English proficiency in utilizing the services provided by the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Office of lead hazard control and healthy homes LEAD HAZARD REDUCTION (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) For the lead hazard reduction program, as authorized by section 1011 of the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992 ( 42 U.S.C. 4852 ), the healthy homes initiative, pursuant to sections 501 and 502 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970 (12 U.S.C. 1701z–1 and 1701z–2), and for related activities and assistance, $335,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027: Provided, That the amounts made available under this heading are provided as follows: (1) $200,000,000 shall be for the award of grants pursuant to such section 1011, of which not less than $100,000,000 shall be provided to areas with the highest lead-based paint abatement need; (2) $130,000,000 shall be for the healthy homes initiative, pursuant to sections 501 and 502 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970, which shall include research, studies, testing, and demonstration efforts, including education and outreach concerning lead-based paint poisoning and other housing-related diseases and hazards, and mitigating housing-related health and safety hazards in housing of low-income families, of which $10,000,000 shall be for the establishment and implementation of a national pilot program to facilitate new financing mechanisms to address lead and other residential environmental stressors in low-income communities; (3) $5,000,000 shall be for the award of grants and contracts for research pursuant to sections 1051 and 1052 of the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992 ( 42 U.S.C. 4854 , 4854a); and (4) up to $2,000,000 in total of the amounts made available under paragraphs (2) and (3) may be transferred to the heading Research and Technology for the purposes of conducting research and studies and for use in accordance with the provisos under that heading for non-competitive agreements: Provided further, That for purposes of environmental review, pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 ( 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq. ) and other provisions of law that further the purposes of such Act, a grant under the healthy homes initiative, or the lead technical studies program, or other demonstrations or programs under this heading or under prior appropriations Acts for such purposes under this heading, or under the heading Housing for the Elderly under prior appropriations Acts, shall be considered to be funds for a special project for purposes of section 305(c) of the Multifamily Housing Property Disposition Reform Act of 1994: Provided further, That each applicant for a grant or cooperative agreement under this heading shall certify adequate capacity that is acceptable to the Secretary to carry out the proposed use of funds pursuant to a notice of funding opportunity: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading, in this or prior appropriations Acts, still remaining available, may be used for any purpose under this heading notwithstanding the purpose for which such amounts were appropriated if a program competition is undersubscribed and there are other program competitions under this heading that are oversubscribed. Information technology fund For Department-wide and program-specific information technology systems and infrastructure, $384,706,000, to remain available until September 30, 2027. Office of inspector general For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $160,000,000, of which $1,150,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That the Inspector General shall have independent authority over all personnel issues within this office. General provisions—Department of housing and urban development (INCLUDING RESCISSIONS) (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS) 201. Fifty percent of the amounts of budget authority, or in lieu thereof 50 percent of the cash amounts associated with such budget authority, that are recaptured from projects described in section 1012(a) of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Amendments Act of 1988 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f note) shall be rescinded or in the case of cash, shall be remitted to the Treasury, and such amounts of budget authority or cash recaptured and not rescinded or remitted to the Treasury shall be used by State housing finance agencies or local governments or local housing agencies with projects approved by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for which settlement occurred after January 1, 1992, in accordance with such section. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Secretary may award up to 15 percent of the budget authority or cash recaptured and not rescinded or remitted to the Treasury to provide project owners with incentives to refinance their project at a lower interest rate. 202. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to investigate or prosecute under the Fair Housing Act any otherwise lawful activity engaged in by one or more persons, including the filing or maintaining of a nonfrivolous legal action, that is engaged in solely for the purpose of achieving or preventing action by a Government official or entity, or a court of competent jurisdiction. 203. Except as explicitly provided in law, any grant, cooperative agreement or other assistance made pursuant to title II of this Act shall be made on a competitive basis and in accordance with section 102 of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Reform Act of 1989 ( 42 U.S.C. 3545 ). 204. Funds of the Department of Housing and Urban Development subject to the Government Corporation Control Act or section 402 of the Housing Act of 1950 shall be available, without regard to the limitations on administrative expenses, for legal services on a contract or fee basis, and for utilizing and making payment for services and facilities of the Federal National Mortgage Association, Government National Mortgage Association, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, Federal Financing Bank, Federal Reserve banks or any member thereof, Federal Home Loan banks, and any insured bank within the meaning of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Act, as amended ( 12 U.S.C. 1811–1 ). 205. Unless otherwise provided for in this Act or through a reprogramming of funds, no part of any appropriation for the Department of Housing and Urban Development shall be available for any program, project or activity in excess of amounts set forth in the budget estimates submitted to Congress. 206. Corporations and agencies of the Department of Housing and Urban Development which are subject to the Government Corporation Control Act are hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to each such corporation or agency and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 104 of such Act as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the budget for 2025 for such corporation or agency except as hereinafter provided: Provided, That collections of these corporations and agencies may be used for new loan or mortgage purchase commitments only to the extent expressly provided for in this Act (unless such loans are in support of other forms of assistance provided for in this or prior appropriations Acts), except that this proviso shall not apply to the mortgage insurance or guaranty operations of these corporations, or where loans or mortgage purchases are necessary to protect the financial interest of the United States Government. 207. The Secretary shall provide quarterly reports to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations regarding all uncommitted, unobligated, recaptured and excess funds in each program and activity within the jurisdiction of the Department and shall submit additional, updated budget information to these Committees upon request. 208. None of the funds made available by this title may be used for an audit of the Government National Mortgage Association that makes applicable requirements under the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 ( 2 U.S.C. 661 et seq. ). 209. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, subject to the conditions listed under this section, for fiscal years 2025 and 2026, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may authorize the transfer of some or all project-based assistance, debt held or insured by the Secretary and statutorily required low-income and very low-income use restrictions if any, associated with one or more multifamily housing project or projects to another multifamily housing project or projects. (b) Phased transfers Transfers of project-based assistance under this section may be done in phases to accommodate the financing and other requirements related to rehabilitating or constructing the project or projects to which the assistance is transferred, to ensure that such project or projects meet the standards under subsection (c). (c) The transfer authorized in subsection (a) is subject to the following conditions: (1) Number and bedroom size of units (A) For occupied units in the transferring project: The number of low-income and very low-income units and the configuration (i.e., bedroom size) provided by the transferring project shall be no less than when transferred to the receiving project or projects and the net dollar amount of Federal assistance provided to the transferring project shall remain the same in the receiving project or projects. (B) For unoccupied units in the transferring project: The Secretary may authorize a reduction in the number of dwelling units in the receiving project or projects to allow for a reconfiguration of bedroom sizes to meet current market demands, as determined by the Secretary and provided there is no increase in the project-based assistance budget authority. (2) The transferring project shall, as determined by the Secretary, be either physically obsolete or economically nonviable, or be reasonably expected to become economically nonviable when complying with State or Federal requirements for community integration and reduced concentration of individuals with disabilities. (3) The receiving project or projects shall meet or exceed applicable physical standards established by the Secretary. (4) The owner or mortgagor of the transferring project shall notify and consult with the tenants residing in the transferring project and provide a certification of approval by all appropriate local governmental officials. (5) The tenants of the transferring project who remain eligible for assistance to be provided by the receiving project or projects shall not be required to vacate their units in the transferring project or projects until new units in the receiving project are available for occupancy. (6) The Secretary determines that this transfer is in the best interest of the tenants. (7) If either the transferring project or the receiving project or projects meets the condition specified in subsection (d)(2)(A), any lien on the receiving project resulting from additional financing obtained by the owner shall be subordinate to any FHA-insured mortgage lien transferred to, or placed on, such project by the Secretary, except that the Secretary may waive this requirement upon determination that such a waiver is necessary to facilitate the financing of acquisition, construction, and/or rehabilitation of the receiving project or projects. (8) If the transferring project meets the requirements of subsection (d)(2), the owner or mortgagor of the receiving project or projects shall execute and record either a continuation of the existing use agreement or a new use agreement for the project where, in either case, any use restrictions in such agreement are of no lesser duration than the existing use restrictions. (9) The transfer does not increase the cost (as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 ( 2 U.S.C. 661a )) of any FHA-insured mortgage, except to the extent that appropriations are provided in advance for the amount of any such increased cost. (d) For purposes of this section— (1) the terms low-income and very low-income shall have the meanings provided by the statute and/or regulations governing the program under which the project is insured or assisted; (2) the term multifamily housing project means housing that meets one of the following conditions— (A) housing that is subject to a mortgage insured under the National Housing Act; (B) housing that has project-based assistance attached to the structure including projects undergoing mark to market debt restructuring under the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Housing Act; (C) housing that is assisted under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 ( 12 U.S.C. 1701q ); (D) housing that is assisted under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 ( 12 U.S.C. 1701q ), as such section existed before the enactment of the Cranston-Gonzales National Affordable Housing Act; (E) housing that is assisted under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzales National Affordable Housing Act ( 42 U.S.C. 8013 ); or (F) housing or vacant land that is subject to a use agreement; (3) the term project-based assistance means— (A) assistance provided under section 8(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f(b) ); (B) assistance for housing constructed or substantially rehabilitated pursuant to assistance provided under section 8(b)(2) of such Act (as such section existed immediately before October 1, 1983); (C) rent supplement payments under section 101 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965 ( 12 U.S.C. 1701s ); (D) interest reduction payments under section 236 and/or additional assistance payments under section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act ( 12 U.S.C. 1715z–1 ); (E) assistance payments made under section 202(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1959 ( 12 U.S.C. 1701q(c)(2) ); and (F) assistance payments made under section 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act ( 42 U.S.C. 8013(d)(2) ); (4) the term receiving project or projects means the multifamily housing project or projects to which some or all of the project-based assistance, debt, and statutorily required low-income and very low-income use restrictions are to be transferred; (5) the term transferring project means the multifamily housing project which is transferring some or all of the project-based assistance, debt, and the statutorily required low-income and very low-income use restrictions to the receiving project or projects; and (6) the term Secretary means the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. (e) Research report The Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the transfer authority under this section, including the effect of such transfers on the operational efficiency, contract rents, physical and financial conditions, and long-term preservation of the affected properties. 210. (a) No assistance shall be provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f ) to any individual who— (1) is enrolled as a student at an institution of higher education (as defined under section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1002 )); (2) is under 24 years of age; (3) is not a veteran; (4) is unmarried; (5) does not have a dependent child; (6) is not a person with disabilities, as such term is defined in section 3(b)(3)(E) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(3)(E) ) and was not receiving assistance under such section 8 as of November 30, 2005; (7) is not a youth who left foster care at age 14 or older and is at risk of becoming homeless; and (8) is not otherwise individually eligible, or has parents who, individually or jointly, are not eligible, to receive assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f ). (b) For purposes of determining the eligibility of a person to receive assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f ), any financial assistance (in excess of amounts received for tuition and any other required fees and charges) that an individual receives under the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. ), from private sources, or from an institution of higher education (as defined under section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1002 )), shall be considered income to that individual, except for a person over the age of 23 with dependent children. 211. The funds made available for Native Alaskans under paragraph (1) under the heading Native American Programs in title II of this Act shall be allocated to the same Native Alaskan housing block grant recipients that received funds in fiscal year 2005, and only such recipients shall be eligible to apply for funds made available under paragraph (2) of such heading. 212. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in fiscal year 2025, in managing and disposing of any multifamily property that is owned or has a mortgage held by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, and during the process of foreclosure on any property with a contract for rental assistance payments under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f ) or any other Federal programs, the Secretary shall maintain any rental assistance payments under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 and other programs that are attached to any dwelling units in the property. To the extent the Secretary determines, in consultation with the tenants and the local government that such a multifamily property owned or having a mortgage held by the Secretary is not feasible for continued rental assistance payments under such section 8 or other programs, based on consideration of (1) the costs of rehabilitating and operating the property and all available Federal, State, and local resources, including rent adjustments under section 524 of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (in this section MAHRAA ) ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f note), and (2) environmental conditions that cannot be remedied in a cost-effective fashion, the Secretary may, in consultation with the tenants of that property, contract for project-based rental assistance payments with an owner or owners of other existing housing properties, or provide other rental assistance. The Secretary shall also take appropriate steps to ensure that project-based contracts remain in effect prior to foreclosure, subject to the exercise of contractual abatement remedies to assist relocation of tenants for imminent major threats to health and safety after written notice to and informed consent of the affected tenants and use of other available remedies, such as partial abatements or receivership. After disposition of any multifamily property described in this section, the contract and allowable rent levels on such properties shall be subject to the requirements under section 524 of MAHRAA. 213. Public housing agencies that own and operate 400 or fewer public housing units may elect to be exempt from any asset management requirement imposed by the Secretary in connection with the operating fund rule: Provided, That an agency seeking a discontinuance of a reduction of subsidy under the operating fund formula shall not be exempt from asset management requirements. 214. With respect to the use of amounts provided in this Act and in future Acts for the operation, capital improvement, and management of public housing as authorized by sections 9(d) and 9(e) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437g(d) , (e)), the Secretary shall not impose any requirement or guideline relating to asset management that restricts or limits in any way the use of capital funds for central office costs pursuant to paragraph (1) or (2) of section 9(g) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437g(g)(1) , (2)): Provided, That a public housing agency may not use capital funds authorized under section 9(d) for activities that are eligible under section 9(e) for assistance with amounts from the operating fund in excess of the amounts permitted under paragraph (1) or (2) of section 9(g). 215. No official or employee of the Department of Housing and Urban Development shall be designated as an allotment holder unless the Office of the Chief Financial Officer has determined that such allotment holder has implemented an adequate system of funds control and has received training in funds control procedures and directives. The Chief Financial Officer shall ensure that there is a trained allotment holder for each HUD appropriation under the accounts Executive Offices , Administrative Support Offices , Program Offices , Government National Mortgage Association—Guarantees of Mortgage-Backed Securities Loan Guarantee Program Account , and Office of Inspector General within the Department of Housing and Urban Development. 216. The Secretary shall, for fiscal year 2025, notify the public through the Federal Register and other means, as determined appropriate, of the issuance of a notice of the availability of assistance or notice of funding opportunity (NOFO) for any program or discretionary fund administered by the Secretary that is to be competitively awarded. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2025, the Secretary may make the NOFO available only on the Internet at the appropriate Government website or through other electronic media, as determined by the Secretary. 217. Payment of attorney fees in program-related litigation shall be paid from the individual program office and Office of General Counsel salaries and expenses appropriations. 218. The Secretary is authorized to transfer up to 10 percent or $5,000,000, whichever is less, of funds appropriated for any office under the headings Administrative Support Offices or Program Offices to any other such office under such headings: Provided, That no appropriation for any such office under such headings shall be increased or decreased by more than 10 percent or $5,000,000, whichever is less, without prior written approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide notification to such Committees 3 business days in advance of any such transfers under this section up to 10 percent or $5,000,000, whichever is less. 219. (a) Any entity receiving housing assistance payments shall maintain decent, safe, and sanitary conditions, as determined by the Secretary, and comply with any standards under applicable State or local laws, rules, ordinances, or regulations relating to the physical condition of any property covered under a housing assistance payment contract. (b) The Secretary shall take action under subsection (c) when a multifamily housing project with a contract under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f ) or a contract for similar project-based assistance— (1) receives a failing score under the Uniform Physical Condition Standards (UPCS) or successor standard; or (2) fails to certify in writing to the Secretary within 3 days that all Exigent Health and Safety deficiencies, or those deficiencies requiring correction within 24 hours, identified by the inspector at the project have been corrected. Such requirements shall apply to insured and noninsured projects with assistance attached to the units under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f ), but shall not apply to such units assisted under section 8(o)(13) of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(13) ) or to public housing units assisted with capital or operating funds under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437g ). (c) (1) Within 15 days of the issuance of the Real Estate Assessment Center ( REAC ) inspection, the Secretary shall provide the owner with a Notice of Default with a specified timetable, determined by the Secretary, for correcting all deficiencies. The Secretary shall provide a copy of the Notice of Default to the tenants, the local government, any mortgagees, and any contract administrator. If the owner's appeal results in a passing score, the Secretary may withdraw the Notice of Default. (2) At the end of the time period for correcting all deficiencies specified in the Notice of Default, if the owner fails to fully correct such deficiencies, the Secretary may— (A) require immediate replacement of project management with a management agent approved by the Secretary; (B) impose civil money penalties, which shall be used solely for the purpose of supporting safe and sanitary conditions at applicable properties, as designated by the Secretary, with priority given to the tenants of the property affected by the penalty; (C) abate the section 8 contract, including partial abatement, as determined by the Secretary, until all deficiencies have been corrected; (D) pursue transfer of the project to an owner, approved by the Secretary under established procedures, who will be obligated to promptly make all required repairs and to accept renewal of the assistance contract if such renewal is offered; (E) transfer the existing section 8 contract to another project or projects and owner or owners; (F) pursue exclusionary sanctions, including suspensions or debarments from Federal programs; (G) seek judicial appointment of a receiver to manage the property and cure all project deficiencies or seek a judicial order of specific performance requiring the owner to cure all project deficiencies; (H) work with the owner, lender, or other related party to stabilize the property in an attempt to preserve the property through compliance, transfer of ownership, or an infusion of capital provided by a third-party that requires time to effectuate; or (I) take any other regulatory or contractual remedies available as deemed necessary and appropriate by the Secretary. (d) The Secretary shall take appropriate steps to ensure that project-based contracts remain in effect, subject to the exercise of contractual abatement remedies to assist relocation of tenants for major threats to health and safety after written notice to the affected tenants. To the extent the Secretary determines, in consultation with the tenants and the local government, that the property is not feasible for continued rental assistance payments under such section 8 or other programs, based on consideration of— (1) the costs of rehabilitating and operating the property and all available Federal, State, and local resources, including rent adjustments under section 524 of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 ( MAHRAA ); and (2) environmental conditions that cannot be remedied in a cost-effective fashion, the Secretary may contract for project-based rental assistance payments with an owner or owners of other existing housing properties, or provide other rental assistance. (e) The Secretary shall report semi-annually on all properties covered by this section that are assessed through the Real Estate Assessment Center and have failing physical inspection scores or have received an unsatisfactory management and occupancy review within the past 36 months. The report shall include— (1) identification of the enforcement actions being taken to address such conditions, including imposition of civil money penalties and termination of subsidies, and identification of properties that have such conditions multiple times; (2) identification of actions that the Department of Housing and Urban Development is taking to protect tenants of such identified properties; and (3) any administrative or legislative recommendations to further improve the living conditions at properties covered under a housing assistance payment contract. The first report shall be submitted to the Senate and House Committees on Appropriations not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act, and the second report shall be submitted within 180 days of the transmittal of the first report. 220. None of the funds made available by this Act, or any other Act, for purposes authorized under section 8 (only with respect to the tenant-based rental assistance program) and section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq. ), may be used by any public housing agency for any amount of salary, including bonuses, for the chief executive officer of which, or any other official or employee of which, that exceeds the annual rate of basic pay payable for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule at any time during any public housing agency fiscal year 2025. 221. None of the funds made available by this Act and provided to the Department of Housing and Urban Development may be used to make a grant award unless the Secretary notifies the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations not less than 3 full business days before any project, State, locality, housing authority, Tribe, nonprofit organization, or other entity selected to receive a grant award is announced by the Department or its offices: Provided , That such notification shall list each grant award by State and current congressional district. 222. None of the funds made available in this Act shall be used by the Federal Housing Administration, the Government National Mortgage Association, or the Department of Housing and Urban Development to insure, securitize, or establish a Federal guarantee of any mortgage or mortgage backed security that refinances or otherwise replaces a mortgage that has been subject to eminent domain condemnation or seizure, by a State, municipality, or any other political subdivision of a State. 223. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to terminate the status of a unit of general local government as a metropolitan city (as defined in section 102 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 ( 42 U.S.C. 5302 )) with respect to grants under section 106 of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5306 ). 224. Amounts made available by this Act that are appropriated, allocated, advanced on a reimbursable basis, or transferred to the Office of Policy Development and Research of the Department of Housing and Urban Development and functions thereof, for research, evaluation, or statistical purposes, and that are unexpended at the time of completion of a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement, may be deobligated and shall immediately become available and may be reobligated in that fiscal year or the subsequent fiscal year for the research, evaluation, or statistical purposes for which the amounts are made available to that Office subject to reprogramming requirements in section 405 of this Act. 225. None of the funds provided in this Act or any other Act may be used for awards, including performance, special act, or spot, for any employee of the Department of Housing and Urban Development subject to administrative discipline (including suspension from work), in this fiscal year, but this prohibition shall not be effective prior to the effective date of any such administrative discipline or after any final decision over-turning such discipline. 226. With respect to grant amounts awarded under the heading Homeless Assistance Grants for fiscal years 2015 through 2025 for the continuum of care (CoC) program as authorized under subtitle C of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, costs paid by program income of grant recipients may count toward meeting the recipient’s matching requirements, provided the costs are eligible CoC costs that supplement the recipient's CoC program. 227. (a) From amounts made available under this title under the heading Homeless Assistance Grants , the Secretary may award 1-year transition grants to recipients of funds for activities under subtitle C of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 11381 et seq. ) to transition from one continuum of care program component to another. (b) In order to be eligible to receive a transition grant, the funding recipient must have the consent of the continuum of care and meet standards determined by the Secretary. 228. The promise zone designations and promise zone designation agreements entered into pursuant to such designations, made by the Secretary in prior fiscal years, shall remain in effect in accordance with the terms and conditions of such agreements. 229. Any public housing agency designated as a Moving to Work agency pursuant to section 239 of division L of Public Law 114–113 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f note; 129 Stat. 2897) may, upon such designation, use funds (except for special purpose funding, including special purpose vouchers) previously allocated to any such public housing agency under section 8 or 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937, including any reserve funds held by the public housing agency or funds held by the Department of Housing and Urban Development, pursuant to the authority for use of section 8 or 9 funding provided under such section and section 204 of title II of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1996 ( Public Law 104–134 ; 110 Stat. 1321–28), notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds were appropriated. 230. None of the amounts made available by this Act may be used to prohibit any public housing agency under receivership or the direction of a Federal monitor from applying for, receiving, or using funds made available under the heading Public Housing Fund for competitive grants to evaluate and reduce lead-based paint hazards in this Act or that remain available and not awarded from prior Acts, or be used to prohibit a public housing agency from using such funds to carry out any required work pursuant to a settlement agreement, consent decree, voluntary agreement, or similar document for a violation of the lead safe housing or lead disclosure rules. 231. For fiscal year 2025, if the Secretary determines or has determined, for any prior formula grant allocation administered by the Secretary through the Offices of Public and Indian Housing, Community Planning and Development, or Housing, that a recipient received an allocation greater than the amount such recipient should have received for a formula allocation cycle pursuant to applicable statutes and regulations, the Secretary may adjust for any such funding error in the next applicable formula allocation cycle by (a) offsetting each such recipient’s formula allocation (if eligible for a formula allocation in the next applicable formula allocation cycle) by the amount of any such funding error, and (b) reallocating any available balances that are attributable to the offset to the recipient or recipients that would have been allocated additional funds in the formula allocation cycle in which any such error occurred (if such recipient or recipients are eligible for a formula allocation in the next applicable formula allocation cycle) in an amount proportionate to such recipient’s eligibility under the next applicable formula allocation cycle: Provided, That all offsets and reallocations from such available balances shall be recorded against funds available for the next applicable formula allocation cycle: Provided further, That the term next applicable formula allocation cycle means the first formula allocation cycle for a program that is reasonably available for correction following such a Secretarial determination: Provided further, That if, upon request by a recipient and giving consideration to all Federal resources available to the recipient for the same grant purposes, the Secretary determines that the offset in the next applicable formula allocation cycle would critically impair the recipient’s ability to accomplish the purpose of the formula grant, the Secretary may adjust for the funding error across two or more formula allocation cycles. 232. The Secretary may transfer from amounts made available for salaries and expenses under this title (excluding amounts made available under the heading Office of Inspector General ) to the heading Information Technology Fund for information technology needs, including for additional development, modernization, and enhancement, to remain available until September 30, 2027: Provided, That the total amount of such transfers shall not exceed $5,000,000: Provided further, That this transfer authority shall not be used to fund information technology projects or activities that have known out-year development, modernization, or enhancement costs in excess of $500,000: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations no fewer than 3 business days in advance of any such transfer. 233. The Secretary shall comply with all process requirements, including public notice and comment, when seeking to revise any annual contributions contract. 234. There is hereby established in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be known as the Department of Housing and Urban Development Nonrecurring Expenses Fund (the Fund): Provided, That unobligated balances of expired discretionary funds appropriated for this or any succeeding fiscal year from the General Fund of the Treasury to the Department of Housing and Urban Development by this or any other Act may be transferred (not later than the end of the fifth fiscal year after the last fiscal year for which such funds are available for the purposes for which they were appropriated) into the Fund: Provided further, That amounts deposited in the Fund shall be available until expended, in addition to such other funds as may be available for such purposes, for capital needs of the Department, including facilities infrastructure and information technology infrastructure, subject to approval by the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further, That amounts in the Fund may be obligated only after the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations are notified at least 15 days in advance of the planned use of funds. 235. For the fiscal year 2025 allocation of amounts under the Native American Housing Block Grants program, as authorized under title I of Native American Housing and Self-Determination Act of 1996 ( 25 U.S.C. 4111 et seq. ), the number of qualifying low-income housing dwelling units under section 302(b)(1) of such Act ( 25 U.S.C. 4152(b)(1) ) shall not be reduced due to the placement of a Native American veteran assisted with amounts provided under the Tribal HUD-VASH Program within any such qualifying unit. 236. (a) Subsection (a) of section 184 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 1715z–13a(a)) is amended to read as follows: (a) Authority To provide access to sources of private financing to Indian families, Indian housing authorities, and Indian tribes, who otherwise could not acquire housing financing because of the unique legal status of Indian lands and the unique nature of tribal economies; and to expand homeownership opportunities to Indian families, Indian housing authorities and Indian tribes on fee simple lands, the Secretary may guarantee not to exceed 100 percent of the unpaid principal and interest due on any loan eligible under subsection (b) made to an Indian family, Indian housing authority, or Indian tribe on trust land and fee simple land. . (b) Paragraph (2) of section 184(b) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 1715z–13a(b)(2)) is amended to read as follows: (2) ELIGIBLE HOUSING The loan shall be used to construct, acquire, refinance, or rehabilitate 1- to 4-family dwellings that are standard housing. . 237. Section 105 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 ( 42 U.S.C. 5305 ) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (i) Special Activities By Indian Tribes Indian tribes receiving grants under section 106(a)(1) of this Act are authorized to carry out activities described in subsection (a)(15) of this section directly. . 238. $553,600,000 of unobligated balances of amounts made available under the heading Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of Housing and Urban Development are hereby permanently rescinded. 239. Notwithstanding chapter 63 of title 31 of the United States Code, section 513 of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 ( 42 U.S.C. 1437f note) is amended by adding the following to section 513 after subsection (b): (c) PERFORMANCE BASED CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION Subject to the authority granted to the Secretary pursuant to section 1437f(b)(1) of title 42 of the United States Code, the Secretary shall undertake a competition and award annual contribution contracts as set forth in section 8(b)(1) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (the Act) (42 USC 1437f(b)(1)) to public housing agencies qualified to act as participating administrative entities under this section: Provided , That the Secretary shall— (1) conduct such a competition and award contracts on or by September 30, 2026; (2) thereafter conduct a competition and award contracts consistent with the provisions hereunder not less frequently than every seven (7) years after the date of the last award of an annual contribution contract is made by the Secretary to a participating administrative entity under the prior competition in compliance with this subsection; (3) award such contracts with the Department to participating administrative entities that are also public housing agencies; (4) award one contract for each State or territory, except that the Secretary may award more than one contract for a State or territory if the population of such State or territory exceeds 35,000,000; (5) specifically include within the definition of participating administrative entities all public housing agencies that— (A) are housing finance agencies, housing authorities, and their non-profit instrumentalities organized under the laws of the respective states and territories; (B) otherwise comply with the requirements of 42 U.S.C. §1437a(b)(6); and (C) are recognized as public housing agencies by the Department’s Office of Public and Indian Housing and are otherwise required to comply with 24 CFR Part 903 as of the date that the Secretary publishes the invitation to submit in connection with any competition; (6) otherwise undertake a competition that awards contracts under this subsection based upon the criteria set forth in subsection 513(b(1)); (7) provide a preference in scoring to participating administrative entity applicants under this subsection that have demonstrated experience with— (A) properties receiving project-based rental assistance; (B) multi-family housing preservation; (C) addressing the concerns of low-income tenants; (D) making assistance payments to owners; and (E) performing other functions assigned to a public housing agency under section 8(b) of the Act; (8) provide for incentive-based fees as part of such awards; and (9) specifically disclose the evaluation score value for each of the preferences set forth in paragraph (7) in this subsection: Provided further , That should no public housing agency submit a proposal under this subsection hereunder for a state or territory, the Secretary shall undertake a competition among non-profit or for profit corporations and business entities that seek to act as a performance based contract administrator under a contract for any one of those states and territories. . 240. None of the funds made available by this Act may be to implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule entitled Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing published by the Department of Housing and Urban Development in the Federal Register on February 9, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 8516), or to direct a grantee to undertake specific changes to existing zoning laws as a part of carrying out the interim final rule entitled Restoring Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing Definitions and Certifications published by such Department in the Federal Register on June 10, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 30779). 241. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide Federal funds to a local jurisdiction that refuses to comply with a request from the Department of Homeland Security to provide advance notice of the scheduled release date and time for a particular illegal alien in local custody. 242. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Housing and Urban Development to update minimum energy efficiency standards for new housing financed by the Department, as part of carrying out the notice entitled Adoption of Energy Efficiency Standards for New Construction of HUD- and USDA- Financed Housing , or otherwise. 243. Section 4024 of the CARES Act ( 15 U.S.C. 9058 ) is amended by striking subsection (c). This title may be cited as the Department of Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Act, 2025 . III RELATED AGENCIES Access Board SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the Access Board, as authorized by section 502 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 ( 29 U.S.C. 792 ), $9,955,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, there may be credited to this appropriation funds received for publications and training expenses. Federal maritime commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Federal Maritime Commission as authorized by section 46107 of title 46, United States Code, including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by section 1343(b) of title 31, United States Code; and uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code, $43,000,000, of which $2,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026: Provided, That not to exceed $3,500 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. National railroad passenger corporation Office of inspector general SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General for the National Railroad Passenger Corporation to carry out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 ( 5 U.S.C. App. 3 ), $32,100,000: Provided, That the Inspector General shall have all necessary authority, in carrying out the duties specified in such Act, to investigate allegations of fraud, including false statements to the Government under section 1001 of title 18, United States Code, by any person or entity that is subject to regulation by the National Railroad Passenger Corporation: Provided further, That the Inspector General may enter into contracts and other arrangements for audits, studies, analyses, and other services with public agencies and with private persons, subject to the applicable laws and regulations that govern the obtaining of such services within the National Railroad Passenger Corporation: Provided further, That the Inspector General may select, appoint, and employ such officers and employees as may be necessary for carrying out the functions, powers, and duties of the Office of Inspector General, subject to the applicable laws and regulations that govern such selections, appointments, and employment within the National Railroad Passenger Corporation: Provided further, That concurrent with the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2026, the Inspector General shall submit to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations a budget request for fiscal year 2026 in similar format and substance to budget requests submitted by executive agencies of the Federal Government. National transportation safety board SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the National Transportation Safety Board, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for a GS–15; uniforms, or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code, $145,000,000, of which not to exceed $1,000 may be used for official reception and representation expenses. Neighborhood reinvestment corporation PAYMENT TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD REINVESTMENT CORPORATION For payment to the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation for use in neighborhood reinvestment activities, as authorized by the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation Act ( 42 U.S.C. 8101–8107 ), $158,000,000. Surface transportation board SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of the Surface Transportation Board, including services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $50,646,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $1,250,000 from fees established by the Surface Transportation Board shall be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections and used for necessary and authorized expenses under this heading: Provided further, That the amounts made available under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2025, to result in a final appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $49,396,000. United states interagency council on homelessness OPERATING EXPENSES For necessary expenses, including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of passenger motor vehicles, the rental of conference rooms, and the employment of experts and consultants under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, of the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness in carrying out the functions pursuant to title II of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, as amended, $4,288,000. IV GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT 401. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, non-Federal parties intervening in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings funded in this Act. 402. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. 403. The expenditure of any appropriation under this Act for any consulting service through a procurement contract pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive Order issued pursuant to existing law. 404. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for any employee training that— (1) does not meet identified needs for knowledge, skills, and abilities bearing directly upon the performance of official duties; (2) contains elements likely to induce high levels of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; (3) does not require prior employee notification of the content and methods to be used in the training and written end of course evaluation; (4) contains any methods or content associated with religious or quasi-religious belief systems or new age belief systems as defined in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Notice N–915.022, dated September 2, 1988; or (5) is offensive to, or designed to change, participants' personal values or lifestyle outside the workplace. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. 405. Except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2025, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees and available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates a new program; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a specific activity by either the House or Senate Committees on Appropriations for a different purpose; (5) augments existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; (6) reduces existing programs, projects, or activities by $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) creates, reorganizes, or restructures a branch, division, office, bureau, board, commission, agency, administration, or department different from the budget justifications submitted to the Committees on Appropriations or the table accompanying the Report accompanying this Act, whichever is more detailed, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That the report shall include— (A) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the prior year enacted level, the President's budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (B) a delineation in the table for each appropriation and its respective prior year enacted level by object class and program, project, and activity as detailed in this Act, the table accompanying the Report accompanying this Act, or in the budget appendix for the respective appropriations, whichever is more detailed, and shall apply to all items for which a dollar amount is specified and to all programs for which new budget (obligational) authority is provided, as well as to discretionary grants and discretionary grant allocations; and (C) an identification of items of special congressional interest. 406. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2025 from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2025 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2026, for each such account for the purposes authorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided further, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines under section 405 of this Act. 407. No funds in this Act may be used to support any Federal, State, or local projects that seek to use the power of eminent domain, unless eminent domain is employed only for a public use: Provided, That for purposes of this section, public use shall not be construed to include economic development that primarily benefits private entities: Provided further, That any use of funds for mass transit, railroad, airport, seaport or highway projects, as well as utility projects which benefit or serve the general public (including energy-related, communication-related, water-related and wastewater-related infrastructure), other structures designated for use by the general public or which have other common-carrier or public-utility functions that serve the general public and are subject to regulation and oversight by the government, and projects for the removal of an immediate threat to public health and safety or brownfields as defined in the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act ( Public Law 107–118 ) shall be considered a public use for purposes of eminent domain. 408. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. 409. No funds appropriated pursuant to this Act may be expended by an entity unless the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with sections 2 through 4 of the Act of March 3, 1933 ( 41 U.S.C. 8301–8305 , popularly known as the Buy American Act ). 410. No funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act shall be made available to any person or entity that has been convicted of violating the Buy American Act ( 41 U.S.C. 8301–8305 ). 411. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for first-class airline accommodations in contravention of sections 301–10.122 and 301–10.123 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 412. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to send or otherwise pay for the attendance of more than 50 employees of a single agency or department of the United States Government, who are stationed in the United States, at any single international conference unless the relevant Secretary reports to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations at least 5 days in advance that such attendance is important to the national interest: Provided, That for purposes of this section the term international conference shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representatives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international organizations, or nongovernmental organizations. 413. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Surface Transportation Board to charge or collect any filing fee for rate or practice complaints filed with the Board in an amount in excess of the amount authorized for district court civil suit filing fees under section 1914 of title 28, United States Code. 414. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 415. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede that Inspector General's access to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to the Inspector General and expressly limits the Inspector General's right of access. (b) A department or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with access to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. (c) Each Inspector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure relevant to the information provided by the establishment over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this requirement. 416. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractors whose performance has been judged to be below satisfactory, behind schedule, over budget, or has failed to meet the basic requirements of a contract, unless the Agency determines that any such deviations are due to unforeseeable events, government-driven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program unless such awards or incentive fees are consistent with 16.401(e)(2) of the Federal Acquisition Regulations. 417. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to pay the salary for any person filling a position, other than a temporary position, formerly held by an employee who has left to enter the Armed Forces of the United States and has satisfactorily completed his or her period of active military or naval service, and has within 90 days after his or her release from such service or from hospitalization continuing after discharge for a period of not more than 1 year, made application for restoration to his or her former position and has been certified by the Office of Personnel Management as still qualified to perform the duties of his or her former position and has not been restored thereto. 418. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to approve a new foreign air carrier permit under sections 41301 through 41305 of title 49, United States Code, or exemption application under section 40109 of that title of an air carrier already holding an air operators certificate issued by a country that is party to the U.S.-E.U.-Iceland-Norway Air Transport Agreement where such approval would contravene United States law or Article 17 bis of the U.S.-E.U.-Iceland-Norway Air Transport Agreement. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict or otherwise preclude the Secretary of Transportation from granting a foreign air carrier permit or an exemption to such an air carrier where such authorization is consistent with the U.S.-E.U.-Iceland-Norway Air Transport Agreement and United States law. 419. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development in contravention of section 312 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5155 ). 420. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of existing Federal law regarding non-citizen eligibility and ineligibility for occupancy in federally assisted housing or for participation in and assistance under Federal housing programs, including section 214 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1980 ( 42 U.S.C. 1436a ) and title IV of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 ( 8 U.S.C. 1601 et seq. ). 421. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide any education, training, or professional development that utilizes, promotes, or teaches Critical Race Theory, any concept associated with Critical Race Theory, or that teaches or trains any idea or concept that condones an individual being discriminated against or receiving adverse or beneficial treatment based on race or sex, that condones an individual feeling discomfort, guilt, anguish, or any other form of psychological distress on account of that individual’s race or sex, as well as any idea or concept that regards one race as inherently superior to another race, the United States or its institutions as being systemically racist or sexist, an individual as being inherently racist, sexist, or oppressive by virtue of that individual’s race or sex, an individual’s moral character as being necessarily determined by race or sex, an individual as bearing responsibility for actions committed in the past by other members of the same race or sex, or meritocracy being racist, sexist, or having been created by a particular race to oppress another race. 422. (a) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or division J of Public Law 117–58 , including funds for the National Passenger Railroad Corporation, shall be used, other than for normal and recognized executive legislative relationships, for the preparation, distribution, or use of any kit, pamphlet, booklet, publication, electronic communication, radio, television, or video presentation designed to support or defeat the enactment of legislation before the Congress, except in presentation to the Congress. (b) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or division J of Public Law 117–58 , including funds for the National Passenger Railroad Corporation, shall be used to pay the salary or expenses of any grant or contract recipient, or agent acting for such recipient, related to any activity designed to influence the enactment of legislation or appropriations proposed or pending before the Congress, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative relationships. (c) Amounts repurposed pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) shall continue to be treated as amounts specified in section 103(b) of division A of Public Law 118–5 . 423. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out equity action plans of the Department of Transportation, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, or any other Federal agency diversity, equity, or inclusion initiative, as well as Executive Order 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009, relating to advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government), Executive Order 14035 of June 21, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34596, relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility in the Federal workforce), or Executive Order 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825, relating to further advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government). 424. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, enforce, or otherwise carry out the following: (1) Executive Order 14037, relating to strengthening American leadership in clean cars and trucks; (2) Executive Order 14057, relating to catalyzing clean energy industries and jobs through federal sustainability; (3) Executive Order 14096, relating to revitalizing our Nation’s commitment to environmental justice for all; (4) Executive Order 13990, relating to Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science To Tackle the Climate Crisis; (5) Executive Order 14008, relating to Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad; (6) Section 6 of Executive Order 14013, relating to Rebuilding and Enhancing Programs To Resettle Refugees and Planning for the Impact of Climate Change on Migration; (7) Executive Order 14030, relating to Climate-Related Financial Risk; and (8) Executive Order 14082, relating to Implementation of the Energy and Infrastructure Provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. 425. (a) IN GENERAL Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) DISCRIMINATORY ACTION DEFINED As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) ACCREDITATION; LICENSURE; CERTIFICATION The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). 426. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to fly or display a flag over a facility of a Department or agency funded by this Act other than the flag of the United States; the flag of a State, insular area, or the District of Columbia; the flag of a Federally recognized Tribal entity; the official flag of the Secretary of Transportation or the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development; the official flag of a U.S. Department or agency; or the POW/MIA flag. 427. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to facilitate new scheduled air transportation originating from the United States if such flights would land on, or pass through, property confiscated by the Cuban Government, including property in which a minority interest was confiscated, as the terms confiscated, by the Cuban Government, and property are defined in paragraphs (4), (5), and (12)(A), respectively, of section 4 of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6023 (4), (5), and 7 (12)(A)): Provided, That for this section, new scheduled air transportation shall include any flights not already regularly scheduled prior to May 2022. 428. (a) In the table of projects in the explanatory statement referenced in section 417 of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2022 (division L of Public Law 117–103 )— (1) the item relating to “Acquisition of new commercial space” is deemed to be amended by striking project “Acquisition of new commercial space” and inserting “Renovation of commercial space”; (2) the item relating to “Electric school bus and associated electric vehicle (EV) charging infrastructure” is deemed to be amended by striking recipient “Falls Church City Public Schools” and inserting “City of Falls Church”; (3) the item relating to “North Commons Regional Vision” is deemed to be amended by striking recipient “Minneapolis Park and Recreation Board” and inserting “City of Minneapolis”; (4) the item relating to “Orangewood Parkette” is deemed to be amended by striking project “Orangewood Parkette” and inserting “Orangewood Complete Streets”; (5) the item relating to “Replacing Five Elevators in a Public Housing Development” is deemed to be amended by striking project “Replacing Five Elevators in a Public Housing Development” and inserting “Replacing Elevators in a Public Housing Development”; (6) the item relating to “Long Branch Stream Valley Park Pedestrian Bridge Replacements and ADA Improvements” is deemed to be amended by striking recipient “Montgomery County Government” and inserting “Maryland National Capital Park and Planning Commission”; and (7) the item relating to "Washington Gorge Action Programs—Goldendale Childcare and Early Learning Center" is deemed to be amended by striking “Goldendale”. (b) In the table of projects entitled “Community Project Funding/Congressionally Directed Spending” included in the explanatory statement that accompanied the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2023 (division L of Public Law 117–328 )— (1) the item relating to “Supportive Living, Community Day Services, and Housing Site Project for Adults with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities” is deemed to be amended by striking project “Supportive Living, Community Day Services, and Housing Site Project for Adults with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities” and inserting “Community Day Services and Housing Expansion for Adults with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities”; (2) the item relating to “Public Library Addition” is deemed to be amended by striking project “Public Library Addition” and inserting “Public Library Renovations”; (3) the item relating to “Renovation of Snelling Motel to Affordable Housing for Veterans” is deemed to be amended by striking project “Renovation of Snelling Motel to Affordable Housing for Veterans” and inserting “Acquisition for Affordable Housing for Veterans”; (4) the item relating to “El Centro de la Raza-Pattison's West Community Campus Property Acquisition” is deemed to be amended by striking project “El Centro de la Raza-Pattison's West Community Campus Property Acquisition” and inserting “Pattison's West Community Campus”; (5) the item relating to “Riverbrook Regional YMCA” is deemed to be amended by striking recipient “Riverbrook Regional Young Men’s Christian Association, Inc.” and inserting “City of Norwalk”; (6) the item relating to “The SE1 Rehab” is deemed to be amended by striking recipient “The Skid Row Housing Trust” and inserting “PATH Ventures” and striking project “The SE1 Rehab” and inserting “Skid Row Permanent Supportive Housing Rehabilitation”; (7) the item relating to “Community AgingRetirement Services, Inc.” is deemed to be amended by striking recipient “Community AgingRetirement Services, Inc.” and inserting “Pasco County,” and striking project “CARES One Stop Senior Center Acquisition and Construction” and inserting “Senior Center Acquisition and Construction”; (8) the item relating to “Western Flyer Coast Guard Pier Repair and Classroom Design” is deemed to be amended by striking project “Western Flyer Coast Guard Pier Repair and Classroom Design” and inserting “Western Flyer Pier and Classroom Repair”; and (9) the item relating to “NYCHA ADA Accessibility and Security Lighting Project” is deemed to be amended by striking project “NYCHA ADA Accessibility and Security Lighting Project” and inserting “Installation of Exterior Lighting at Borinquen Plaza II”. (c) In the table of projects entitled ‘‘Community Project Funding/Congressionally Directed Spending’’ included in the explanatory statement that accompanied the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2024 (division F of Public Law 118–42 )— (1) the item relating to “Pawtucket Library, Sayles Building Re-Pointing” is deemed to be amended by striking project “Pawtucket Library, Sayles Building Re-Pointing” and inserting “Pawtucket Library, Sayles Building Renovation”; (2) the item relating to “Germany Road Relocation Project” is deemed to be amended by striking project “Germany Road Relocation Project” and inserting “Sewer Improvements”; (3) the item relating to “Community Center Expansion and Land Acquisition” is deemed to be amended by striking “Expansion and Land Acquisition” and inserting “Planning and Design”; (4) the item relating to “Laconia, NH Hill Street Pedestrian Bridge Replacement” is deemed to be amended by striking “Hill Street” and inserting “Mill Street”; (5) the item relating to “Sunnyside Community Reinvestment as CulturaTraditions: Tucson, AZ” is deemed to be amended by striking recipient “Sunnyside Foundation” and inserting “Sunnyside Unified School District”; and (6) the item relating to “Boys and Girls Clubs of Puerto Rico Arecibo Clubhouse Construction Project” is deemed to be amended by striking “Boys and Girls Clubs of Puerto Rico Arecibo Clubhouse Construction Project” and inserting “Rehabilitation of San Lorenzo Community Facility of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Puerto Rico”. 429. (a) IN GENERAL None of the funds made available, limited, or otherwise affected by this Act shall be used to approve or otherwise authorize the imposition of any toll on any segment of highway or bridge located on the Federal-aid system in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania that— (1) as of the date of enactment of this Act, is not tolled; (2) is constructed with Federal assistance provided under title 23, United States Code; (3) is constructed with Federal assistance provided under section 141 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and (4) is in actual operation as of the date of enactment of this Act. (b) EXCEPTIONS (1) NUMBER OF TOLL LANES Subsection (a) shall not apply to any segment of highway on the Federal-aid system described in that subsection that, as of the date on which a toll is imposed on the segment, will have the same number of non-toll lanes as were in existence prior to that date. (2) HIGH-OCCUPANCY VEHICLE LANES A high-occupancy vehicle lane that is converted to a toll lane shall not be subject to this section, and shall not be considered to be a non-toll lane for purposes of determining whether a highway will have fewer non-toll lanes than prior to the date of imposition of the toll, if— (A) high-occupancy vehicles occupied by the number of passengers specified by the entity operating the toll lane may use the toll lane without paying a toll, unless otherwise specified by the appropriate county, town, municipal or other local government entity, or public toll road or transit authority; or (B) each high-occupancy vehicle lane that was converted to a toll lane was constructed as a temporary lane to be replaced by a toll lane under a plan approved by the appropriate county, town, municipal, or other local government entity or public toll road or transit authority. 430. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to consider or incorporate the social cost of carbon or greenhouse gases (1) as part of any cost-benefit analysis required or performed pursuant to (A) any law; (B) Executive Order No. 13990 (86 Fed. Reg. 7037; relating to protecting public health and the environment and restoring science to tackle the climate crisis); (C) Executive Order No. 14094 (88 Fed. Reg. 21879; relating to modernizing regulatory review); (D) the Presidential memorandum entitled “Modernizing Regulatory Review” issued by the President on January 20, 2021; (E) any revisions to Office of Management and Budget Circular A-4 proposed or finalized under Executive Order No. 14094; or (F) “Technical Support Document: Social Cost of Carbon, Methane, and Nitrous Oxide Interim Estimates under Executive Order 13990,” published under the Interagency Working Group on the Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, in February of 2021; (2) in any rulemaking; (3) in the issuance of guidance; (4) in taking any other agency action; or (5) as justification for any rulemaking, guidance document, or agency action. 431. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for air travel by the Secretary of Transportation other than in economy class on a commercial flight. 432. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to purchase, install, maintain, or operate automated traffic enforcement cameras for purposes of red-light enforcement, speed enforcement, or stop sign enforcement. SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT 433. $0. This Act may be cited as the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 . July 12, 2024 Committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed

118 HR 9029 RH: Department of Labor Appropriations Act, 2025 U.S. House of Representatives text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IB Union Calendar No. 485 118th CONGRESS 2D Session H. R. 9029 Report No. 118–585 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES July 12, 2024 Mr. Aderholt , from the Committee on Appropriations , reported the following bill; which was committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed A BILL Making appropriations for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes. That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes, namely: I DEPARTMENT OF LABOR Employment and training administration TRAINING AND EMPLOYMENT SERVICES (Including Rescission of Funds) For necessary expenses of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (referred to in this Act as WIOA ) and the National Apprenticeship Act, $2,795,457,000 plus reimbursements, shall be available. Of the amounts provided: (1) for grants to States for adult employment and training activities and dislocated worker employment and training activities, $1,981,202,000 as follows: (A) $885,649,000 for adult employment and training activities, of which $173,649,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026, and of which $712,000,000 for adult employment and training activities, which shall be available for the period October 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026; and (B) $1,095,553,000 for dislocated worker employment and training activities, of which $235,553,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026, and of which $860,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026: Provided, That the funds available for allotment to outlying areas to carry out subtitle B of title I of the WIOA shall not be subject to the requirements of section 127(b)(1)(B)(ii) of such Act: Provided further, That notwithstanding the requirements of WIOA, outlying areas may submit a single application for a consolidated grant that awards funds that would otherwise be available to such areas to carry out the activities described in subtitle B of title I of the WIOA: Provided further, That such application shall be submitted to the Secretary of Labor (referred to in this title as Secretary ), at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require: Provided further, That outlying areas awarded a consolidated grant described in the preceding provisos may use the funds for any of the programs and activities authorized under such subtitle B of title I of the WIOA subject to approval of the application and such reporting requirements issued by the Secretary; and (2) for national programs, $814,255,000 as follows: (A) $325,859,000 for the dislocated workers assistance national reserve, of which $125,859,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2025 through September 30, 2026, and of which $200,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2025 through September 30, 2026: Provided, That funds provided to carry out section 132(a)(2)(A) of the WIOA may be used to provide assistance to a State for statewide or local use in order to address cases where there have been worker dislocations across multiple sectors or across multiple local areas and such workers remain dislocated; coordinate the State workforce development plan with emerging economic development needs; and train such eligible dislocated workers: Provided further, That funds provided to carry out sections 168(b) and 169(c) of the WIOA may be used for technical assistance and demonstration projects, respectively, that provide assistance to new entrants in the workforce and incumbent workers: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 168(b) of the WIOA, of the funds provided under this subparagraph, the Secretary may reserve not more than 10 percent of such funds to provide technical assistance and carry out additional activities related to the transition to the WIOA: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this subparagraph, $120,000,000 shall be for training and employment assistance under sections 168(b), 169(c) (notwithstanding the 10 percent limitation in such section) and 170 of the WIOA as follows: (i) $55,000,000 shall be for workers in the Appalachian region, as defined by 40 U.S.C. 14102(a)(1) , workers in the Lower Mississippi, as defined in section 4(2) of the Delta Development Act ( Public Law 100–460 , 102 Stat. 2246; 7 U.S.C. 2009aa(2) ), and workers in the region served by the Northern Border Regional Commission, as defined by 40 U.S.C. 15733 ; and (ii) $65,000,000 shall be for the purpose of developing, offering, or improving educational or career training programs at community colleges, defined as public institutions of higher education, as described in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 and at which the associate’s degree is primarily the highest degree awarded, with other eligible institutions of higher education, as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965, eligible to participate through consortia, with community colleges as the lead grantee; (B) $65,000,000 for Native American programs under section 166 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026; (C) $97,396,000 for migrant and seasonal farmworker programs under section 167 of the WIOA, including $90,134,000 for formula grants (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for employment and training services), $6,591,000 for migrant and seasonal housing (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for permanent housing), and $671,000 for other discretionary purposes, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law or related regulation, the Department of Labor shall take no action limiting the number or proportion of eligible participants receiving related assistance services or discouraging grantees from providing such services: Provided further, That notwithstanding the definition of eligible seasonal farmworker in section 167(i)(3)(A) of the WIOA relating to an individual being low-income , an individual is eligible for migrant and seasonal farmworker programs under section 167 of the WIOA under that definition if, in addition to meeting the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of section 167(i)(3)(A), such individual is a member of a family with a total family income equal to or less than 150 percent of the poverty line; (D) $110,000,000 for YouthBuild activities as described in section 171 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026; (E) $60,000,000 for ex-offender activities, under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026: Provided, That of this amount, $30,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to national and regional intermediaries for activities that prepare for employment young adults with criminal legal histories, young adults who have been justice system-involved, or young adults who have dropped out of school or other educational programs, with a priority for projects serving high-crime, high-poverty areas; (F) $6,000,000 for the Workforce Data Quality Initiative, under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026; and (G) $150,000,000 to expand opportunities through apprenticeships only registered under the National Apprenticeship Act and as referred to in section 3(7)(B) of the WIOA, to be available to the Secretary to carry out activities through grants, cooperative agreements, contracts and other arrangements, with States and other appropriate entities, including equity intermediaries and business and labor industry partner intermediaries, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026. Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading in paragraph (1)(A) on October 1, 2024, by Public Law 118–47 , $712,000,000 are hereby rescinded. JOB CORPS (Including Transfer of Funds) To carry out subtitle C of title I of the WIOA, including Federal administrative expenses, the purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles, the construction, alteration, and repairs of buildings and other facilities, and the purchase of real property for training centers as authorized by the WIOA, $1,760,155,000, plus reimbursements, as follows: (1) $1,603,325,000 for Job Corps Operations, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026; (2) $123,000,000 for construction, rehabilitation and acquisition of Job Corps Centers, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2025 through June 30, 2028, and which may include the acquisition, maintenance, and repair of major items of equipment: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer up to 15 percent of such funds to meet the operational needs of such centers or to achieve administrative efficiencies: Provided further, That any funds transferred pursuant to the preceding proviso shall not be available for obligation after June 30, 2025: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer; and (3) $33,830,000 for necessary expenses of Job Corps: Provided, That no funds from any other appropriation shall be used to provide meal services at or for Job Corps Centers. FEDERAL UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES For payments during fiscal year 2025 of trade adjustment benefit payments and allowances under part I of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and section 246 of that Act; and for training, employment and case management services, allowances for job search and relocation, and related State administrative expenses under part II of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and including benefit payments, allowances, training, employment and case management services, and related State administration provided pursuant to section 231(a) of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011, sections 405(a) and 406 of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, and section 285(a) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended, $33,900,000 together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent appropriation for payments for any period subsequent to September 15, 2025: Provided, That notwithstanding section 502 of this Act, any part of the appropriation provided under this heading may remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year pursuant to the authorities of section 245(c) of the Trade Act of 1974 ( 19 U.S.C. 2317(c) ). STATE UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE AND EMPLOYMENT SERVICE OPERATIONS (Including Transfer of Funds) For authorized administrative expenses, $84,066,000, together with not to exceed $3,656,084,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund ( the Trust Fund ), of which— (1) $2,875,635,000 from the Trust Fund is for grants to States for the administration of State unemployment insurance laws as authorized under title III of the Social Security Act (including not less than $116,000,000 to carry out reemployment services and eligibility assessments under section 306 of such Act, any claimants of regular compensation, as defined in such section, including those who are profiled as most likely to exhaust their benefits, may be eligible for such services and assessments: Provided, That of such amount, $116,000,000 is specified for grants under section 306 of the Social Security Act and is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(E)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985; and $9,000,000 for continued support of the Unemployment Insurance Integrity Center of Excellence), the administration of unemployment insurance for Federal employees and for ex-service members as authorized under 5 U.S.C. 8501–8523 , and the administration of trade readjustment allowances, reemployment trade adjustment assistance, and alternative trade adjustment assistance under the Trade Act of 1974 and under section 231(a) of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011, sections 405(a) and 406 of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, and section 285(a) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended, and shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2025, except that funds for outcome payments pursuant to section 306(f)(2) of the Social Security Act shall be available for Federal obligation through March 31, 2026: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may recapture any funds appropriated under this paragraph that remain unexpended by a State after the period of expenditure for a State (but before such funds have been returned to the Trust Fund), and such recaptured funds shall remain available until expended for reobligation by the Secretary to the States to carry out automation activities related to the administration of unemployment compensation laws: Provided further, That funds transferred pursuant to the preceding proviso shall not be available until 60 days after the Secretary has submitted a plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the planned use of funds; (2) $18,000,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities necessary to support the administration of the Federal-State unemployment insurance system; (3) $653,639,000 from the Trust Fund, together with $21,413,000 from the General Fund of the Treasury, is for grants to States in accordance with section 6 of the Wagner-Peyser Act, and shall be available for Federal obligation for the period July 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026; (4) $25,000,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities of the Employment Service, including administration of the work opportunity tax credit under section 51 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (including assisting States in adopting or modernizing information technology for use in the processing of certification requests), and the provision of technical assistance and staff training under the Wagner-Peyser Act; (5) $83,810,000 from the Trust Fund is for the administration of foreign labor certifications and related activities under the Immigration and Nationality Act and related laws, of which $60,528,000 shall be available for the Federal administration of such activities, and $23,282,000 shall be available for grants to States for the administration of such activities; and (6) $62,653,000 from the General Fund is to provide workforce information, national electronic tools, and one-stop system building under the Wagner-Peyser Act and shall be available for Federal obligation for the period July 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026, of which up to $9,800,000 may be used to carry out research and demonstration projects related to testing effective ways to promote greater labor force participation of people with disabilities: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer amounts made available for research and demonstration projects under this paragraph to the Office of Disability Employment Policy account for such purposes: Provided, That to the extent that the Average Weekly Insured Unemployment ( AWIU ) for fiscal year 2025 is projected by the Department of Labor to exceed 2,124,000, an additional $28,600,000 from the Trust Fund shall be available for obligation for every 100,000 increase in the AWIU level (including a pro rata amount for any increment less than 100,000) to carry out title III of the Social Security Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this Act that are allotted to a State to carry out activities under title III of the Social Security Act may be used by such State to assist other States in carrying out activities under such title III if the other States include areas that have suffered a major disaster declared by the President under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make payments on behalf of States for the use of the National Directory of New Hires under section 453(j)(8) of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make payments on behalf of States to the entity operating the State Information Data Exchange System: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this Act which are used to establish a national one-stop career center system, or which are used to support the national activities of the Federal-State unemployment insurance, employment service, or immigration programs, may be obligated in contracts, grants, or agreements with States and non-State entities: Provided further, That States awarded competitive grants for improved operations under title III of the Social Security Act, or awarded grants to support the national activities of the Federal-State unemployment insurance system, may award subgrants to other States and non-State entities under such grants, subject to the conditions applicable to the grants: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this Act for activities authorized under title III of the Social Security Act and the Wagner-Peyser Act may be used by States to fund integrated Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service automation efforts, notwithstanding cost allocation principles prescribed under the final rule entitled Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards at part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided further, That the Secretary, at the request of a State participating in a consortium with other States, may reallot funds allotted to such State under title III of the Social Security Act to other States participating in the consortium or to the entity operating the Unemployment Insurance Information Technology Support Center in order to carry out activities that benefit the administration of the unemployment compensation law of the State making the request: Provided further, That the Secretary may collect fees for the costs associated with additional data collection, analyses, and reporting services relating to the National Agricultural Workers Survey requested by State and local governments, public and private institutions of higher education, and nonprofit organizations and may utilize such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a , for the National Agricultural Workers Survey infrastructure, methodology, and data to meet the information collection and reporting needs of such entities, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until September 30, 2026, for such purposes. ADVANCES TO THE UNEMPLOYMENT TRUST FUND AND OTHER FUNDS For repayable advances to the Unemployment Trust Fund as authorized by sections 905(d) and 1203 of the Social Security Act, and to the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund as authorized by section 9501(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and for nonrepayable advances to the revolving fund established by section 901(e) of the Social Security Act, to the Unemployment Trust Fund as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 8509 , and to the Federal Unemployment Benefits and Allowances account, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2026. PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION For expenses of administering employment and training programs, $118,900,000, together with not to exceed $54,015,000 which shall be available from the Employment Security Administration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. Veterans' Employment and Training Service (Including Transfer of Funds) Not to exceed $269,841,000 may be derived from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund to carry out the provisions of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, United States Code, of which— (1) $185,000,000 is for Jobs for Veterans State grants under 38 U.S.C. 4102A(b)(5) to support disabled veterans' outreach program specialists under section 4103A of such title and local veterans' employment representatives under section 4104(b) of such title, and for the expenses described in section 4102A(b)(5)(C), which shall be available for expenditure by the States through September 30, 2027, and not to exceed 3 percent for the necessary Federal expenditures for data systems and contract support to allow for the tracking of participant and performance information: Provided, That, in addition, such funds may be used to support such specialists and representatives in the provision of services to transitioning members of the Armed Forces who have participated in the Transition Assistance Program and have been identified as in need of intensive services, to members of the Armed Forces who are wounded, ill, or injured and receiving treatment in military treatment facilities or warrior transition units, and to the spouses or other family caregivers of such wounded, ill, or injured members, and to surviving spouses of individuals who died while members of the Armed Forces or as a result of a service-connected disability; (2) $34,379,000 is for carrying out the Transition Assistance Program under 38 U.S.C. 4113 and 10 U.S.C. 1144 ; (3) $47,048,000 is for Federal administration of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, and sections 2021, 2021A and 2023 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That up to $500,000 may be used to carry out the Hire VETS Act (division O of Public Law 115–31 ); and (4) $3,414,000 is for the National Veterans' Employment and Training Services Institute under 38 U.S.C. 4109: Provided, That the Secretary may reallocate among the appropriations provided under paragraphs (1) through (4) above an amount not to exceed 3 percent of the appropriation from which such reallocation is made. In addition, from the General Fund of the Treasury, $65,500,000 is for carrying out programs to assist homeless veterans and veterans at risk of homelessness who are transitioning from certain institutions under sections 2021, 2021A, and 2023 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That notwithstanding subsections (c)(3) and (d) of section 2023, the Secretary may award grants through September 30, 2025, to provide services under such section: Provided further, That services provided under sections 2021 or under 2021A may include, in addition to services to homeless veterans described in section 2002(a)(1), services to veterans who were homeless at some point within the 60 days prior to program entry or veterans who are at risk of homelessness within the next 60 days, and that services provided under section 2023 may include, in addition to services to the individuals described in subsection (e) of such section, services to veterans recently released from incarceration who are at risk of homelessness: Provided further, That notwithstanding paragraph (3) under this heading, funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used for data systems and contract support to allow for the tracking of participant and performance information: Provided further, That notwithstanding sections 2021(e)(2) and 2021A(f)(2) of title 38, United States Code, such funds shall be available for expenditure pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1553 . In addition, fees may be assessed and deposited in the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund pursuant to section 5(b) of the HIRE Vets Act, and such amounts shall be available to the Secretary to carry out the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program, as authorized by such Act, and shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such sums shall be in addition to any other funds available for such purposes, including funds available under paragraph (3) of this heading: Provided further, That section 2(d) of division O of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 ( Public Law 115–31 ; 38 U.S.C. 4100 note) shall not apply. Employee benefits security administration Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Employee Benefits Security Administration, $181,100,000, of which up to $3,000,000 shall be made available through September 30, 2026, for the procurement of expert witnesses for enforcement litigation. Pension benefit guaranty corporation PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION FUND The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation ( Corporation ) is authorized to make such expenditures, including financial assistance authorized by subtitle E of title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, within limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by 31 U.S.C. 9104 , as may be necessary in carrying out the program, including associated administrative expenses, through September 30, 2025, for the Corporation: Provided, That none of the funds available to the Corporation for fiscal year 2025 shall be available for obligations for administrative expenses in excess of $514,063,000: Provided further, That to the extent that the number of new plan participants in plans terminated by the Corporation exceeds 100,000 in fiscal year 2025, an amount not to exceed an additional $9,200,000 shall be available through September 30, 2029, for obligations for administrative expenses for every 20,000 additional terminated participants: Provided further, That obligations in excess of the amounts provided for administrative expenses in this paragraph may be incurred and shall be available through September 30, 2029 for obligation for unforeseen and extraordinary pre-termination or termination expenses or extraordinary multiemployer program related expenses after approval by the Office of Management and Budget and notification of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That an additional amount shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2029 to the extent the Corporation's costs exceed $250,000 for the provision of credit or identity monitoring to affected individuals upon suffering a security incident or privacy breach, not to exceed an additional $100 per affected individual. Office of workers' compensation programs Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Office of Workers' Compensation Programs, $113,500,000, together with $2,205,000 which may be expended from the Special Fund in accordance with sections 39(c), 44(d), and 44(j) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act. Special Benefits (Including Transfer of Funds) For the payment of compensation, benefits, and expenses (except administrative expenses not otherwise authorized) accruing during the current or any prior fiscal year authorized by 5 U.S.C. 81 ; continuation of benefits as provided for under the heading Civilian War Benefits in the Federal Security Agency Appropriation Act, 1947; the Employees' Compensation Commission Appropriation Act, 1944; section 5(f) of the War Claims Act ( 50 U.S.C. App. 2012 ); obligations incurred under the War Hazards Compensation Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1701 et seq. ); and 50 percent of the additional compensation and benefits required by section 10(h) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act, $726,670,000, together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent year appropriation for the payment of compensation and other benefits for any period subsequent to August 15 of the current year, for deposit into and to assume the attributes of the Employees' Compensation Fund established under 5 U.S.C. 8147(a) : Provided, That amounts appropriated may be used under 5 U.S.C. 8104 by the Secretary to reimburse an employer, who is not the employer at the time of injury, for portions of the salary of a re-employed, disabled beneficiary: Provided further, That balances of reimbursements unobligated on September 30, 2024, shall remain available until expended for the payment of compensation, benefits, and expenses: Provided further, That in addition there shall be transferred to this appropriation from the Postal Service and from any other corporation or instrumentality required under 5 U.S.C. 8147(c) to pay an amount for its fair share of the cost of administration, such sums as the Secretary determines to be the cost of administration for employees of such fair share entities through September 30, 2025: Provided further, That of those funds transferred to this account from the fair share entities to pay the cost of administration of the Federal Employees' Compensation Act, $84,106,000 shall be made available to the Secretary as follows: (1) For enhancement and maintenance of automated data processing systems operations and telecommunications systems, $28,323,000; (2) For automated workload processing operations, including document imaging, centralized mail intake, and medical bill processing, $26,685,000; (3) For periodic roll disability management and medical review, $26,686,000; (4) For program integrity, $2,412,000; and (5) The remaining funds shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That the Secretary may require that any person filing a notice of injury or a claim for benefits under 5 U.S.C. 81 , or the Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act, provide as part of such notice and claim, such identifying information (including Social Security account number) as such regulations may prescribe. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES, ENERGY EMPLOYEES OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS COMPENSATION FUND For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $66,966,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may require that any person filing a claim for benefits under the Act provide as part of such claim such identifying information (including Social Security account number) as may be prescribed. SPECIAL BENEFITS FOR DISABLED COAL MINERS For carrying out title IV of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended by Public Law 107–275 , $24,367,000, to remain available until expended. For making after July 31 of the current fiscal year, benefit payments to individuals under title IV of such Act, for costs incurred in the current fiscal year, such amounts as may be necessary. For making benefit payments under title IV for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026, $6,000,000, to remain available until expended. BLACK LUNG DISABILITY TRUST FUND (Including Transfer of Funds) Such sums as may be necessary from the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund (the Fund ), to remain available until expended, for payment of all benefits authorized by section 9501(d)(1), (2), (6), and (7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and repayment of, and payment of interest on advances, as authorized by section 9501(d)(4) of that Act. In addition, the following amounts may be expended from the Fund for fiscal year 2025 for expenses of operation and administration of the Black Lung Benefits program, as authorized by section 9501(d)(5): not to exceed $51,580,000 for transfer to the Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, Salaries and Expenses ; not to exceed $41,570,000 for transfer to Departmental Management, Salaries and Expenses ; not to exceed $373,000 for transfer to Departmental Management, Office of Inspector General ; and not to exceed $356,000 for payments into miscellaneous receipts for the expenses of the Department of the Treasury. Wage and Hour Division Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Wage and Hour Division, including reimbursement to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for inspection services rendered, $235,000,000. Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, $99,976,000. Office of Labor-Management Standards Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Office of Labor-Management Standards, $48,515,000. Occupational Safety and Health Administration Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, $557,772,000, including not to exceed $120,000,000 which shall be the maximum amount available for grants to States under section 23(g) of the Occupational Safety and Health Act (the Act ), which grants shall be no less than 50 percent of the costs of State occupational safety and health programs required to be incurred under plans approved by the Secretary under section 18 of the Act; and, in addition, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , the Occupational Safety and Health Administration may retain up to $499,000 per fiscal year of training institute course tuition and fees, otherwise authorized by law to be collected, and may utilize such sums for occupational safety and health training and education: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , the Secretary is authorized, during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, to collect and retain fees for services provided to Nationally Recognized Testing Laboratories, and may utilize such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a , to administer national and international laboratory recognition programs that ensure the safety of equipment and products used by workers in the workplace: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be obligated or expended to prescribe, issue, administer, or enforce any standard, rule, regulation, or order under the Act which is applicable to any person who is engaged in a farming operation which does not maintain a temporary labor camp and employs 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That no funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be obligated or expended to administer or enforce any standard, rule, regulation, or order under the Act with respect to any employer of 10 or fewer employees who is included within a category having a Days Away, Restricted, or Transferred ( DART ) occupational injury and illness rate, at the most precise industrial classification code for which such data are published, less than the national average rate as such rates are most recently published by the Secretary, acting through the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in accordance with section 24 of the Act, except— (1) to provide, as authorized by the Act, consultation, technical assistance, educational and training services, and to conduct surveys and studies; (2) to conduct an inspection or investigation in response to an employee complaint, to issue a citation for violations found during such inspection, and to assess a penalty for violations which are not corrected within a reasonable abatement period and for any willful violations found; (3) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to imminent dangers; (4) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to health hazards; (5) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to a report of an employment accident which is fatal to one or more employees or which results in hospitalization of two or more employees, and to take any action pursuant to such investigation authorized by the Act; and (6) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to complaints of discrimination against employees for exercising rights under the Act: Provided further, That the foregoing proviso shall not apply to any person who is engaged in a farming operation which does not maintain a temporary labor camp and employs 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That not less than $3,500,000 shall be for Voluntary Protection Programs. Mine Safety and Health Administration Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Mine Safety and Health Administration, $367,816,000, including purchase and bestowal of certificates and trophies in connection with mine rescue and first-aid work, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, including up to $2,000,000 for mine rescue and recovery activities and not less than $10,537,000 for State assistance grants: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , not to exceed $750,000 may be collected by the National Mine Health and Safety Academy for room, board, tuition, and the sale of training materials, otherwise authorized by law to be collected, to be available for mine safety and health education and training activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , the Mine Safety and Health Administration is authorized to collect and retain up to $2,499,000 from fees collected for the approval and certification of equipment, materials, and explosives for use in mines, and may utilize such sums for such activities: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to accept lands, buildings, equipment, and other contributions from public and private sources and to prosecute projects in cooperation with other agencies, Federal, State, or private: Provided further, That the Mine Safety and Health Administration is authorized to promote health and safety education and training in the mining community through cooperative programs with States, industry, and safety associations: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to recognize the Joseph A. Holmes Safety Association as a principal safety association and, notwithstanding any other provision of law, may provide funds and, with or without reimbursement, personnel, including service of Mine Safety and Health Administration officials as officers in local chapters or in the national organization: Provided further, That any funds available to the Department of Labor may be used, with the approval of the Secretary, to provide for the costs of mine rescue and survival operations in the event of a major disaster. Bureau of Labor Statistics Salaries and Expenses For necessary expenses for the Bureau of Labor Statistics, including advances or reimbursements to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for services rendered, $629,952,000, together with not to exceed $68,000,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. Departmental Management Salaries and Expenses (Including Transfer of Funds) For necessary expenses for Departmental Management, including the hire of three passenger motor vehicles, $177,764,000, together with not to exceed $308,000, which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund: Provided, That $3,281,000 shall be used for program evaluation and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2026: Provided further, That funds available for program evaluation may be used to administer grants for the purpose of evaluation: Provided further, That grants made for the purpose of evaluation shall be awarded through fair and open competition: Provided further, That funds available for program evaluation may be transferred to any other appropriate account in the Department for such purpose: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. IT MODERNIZATION For necessary expenses for Department of Labor centralized infrastructure technology investment activities related to support systems and modernization, $29,269,000, which shall be available through September 30, 2026. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $93,187,000, together with not to exceed $5,841,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund: Provided, That not more than $2,000,000 of the amount provided under this heading may be available until expended. Office of Disability Employment Policy Salaries and Expenses (Including Transfer of Funds) For necessary expenses for the Office of Disability Employment Policy to provide leadership, develop policy and initiatives, and award grants furthering the objective of eliminating barriers to the training and employment of people with disabilities, $43,000,000, of which not less than $9,000,000 shall be for research and demonstration projects related to testing effective ways to promote greater labor force participation of people with disabilities: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer amounts made available under this heading for research and demonstration projects to the State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations account for such purposes. General Provisions 101. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for the Job Corps shall be used to pay the salary and bonuses of an individual, either as direct costs or any proration as an indirect cost, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. (Transfer of Funds) 102. Not to exceed 1 percent of any discretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the current fiscal year for the Department of Labor in this Act may be transferred between a program, project, or activity, but no such program, project, or activity shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 103. In accordance with Executive Order 13126, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended for the procurement of goods mined, produced, manufactured, or harvested or services rendered, in whole or in part, by forced or indentured child labor in industries and host countries already identified by the United States Department of Labor prior to enactment of this Act. 104. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made available to the Department of Labor for grants under section 414(c) of the American Competitiveness and Workforce Improvement Act of 1998 ( 29 U.S.C. 2916a ) may be used for any purpose other than competitive grants for training individuals who are older than 16 years of age and are not currently enrolled in school within a local educational agency in the occupations and industries for which employers are using H–1B visas to hire foreign workers, and the related activities necessary to support such training. 105. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading Employment and Training Administration shall be used by a recipient or subrecipient of such funds to pay the salary and bonuses of an individual, either as direct costs or indirect costs, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. This limitation shall not apply to vendors providing goods and services as defined in Office of Management and Budget Circular A–133. Where States are recipients of such funds, States may establish a lower limit for salaries and bonuses of those receiving salaries and bonuses from subrecipients of such funds, taking into account factors including the relative cost-of-living in the State, the compensation levels for comparable State or local government employees, and the size of the organizations that administer Federal programs involved including Employment and Training Administration programs. (Transfer of Funds) 106. (a) Notwithstanding section 102, the Secretary may transfer funds made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act, either directly or through a set-aside, for technical assistance services to grantees to Program Administration when it is determined that those services will be more efficiently performed by Federal employees: Provided, That this section shall not apply to section 171 of the WIOA. (b) Notwithstanding section 102, the Secretary may transfer not more than 0.5 percent of each discretionary appropriation made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act to Program Administration in order to carry out program integrity activities relating to any of the programs or activities that are funded under any such discretionary appropriations: Provided, That notwithstanding section 102 and the preceding proviso, the Secretary may transfer not more than 0.5 percent of funds made available in paragraphs (1) and (2) of the Office of Job Corps account to paragraph (3) of such account to carry out program integrity activities related to the Job Corps program: Provided further, That funds transferred under this subsection shall be available to the Secretary to carry out program integrity activities directly or through grants, cooperative agreements, contracts and other arrangements with States and other appropriate entities: Provided further, That funds transferred under the authority provided by this subsection shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2026. (Transfer of Funds) 107. (a) The Secretary may reserve not more than 0.75 percent from each appropriation made available in this Act identified in subsection (b) in order to carry out evaluations of any of the programs or activities that are funded under such accounts. Any funds reserved under this section shall be transferred to Departmental Management for use by the Office of the Chief Evaluation Officer within the Department of Labor, and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2026: Provided , That such funds shall only be available if the Chief Evaluation Officer of the Department of Labor submits a plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate describing the evaluations to be carried out 15 days in advance of any transfer. (b) The accounts referred to in subsection (a) are: Training and Employment Services , Job Corps , Community Service Employment for Older Americans , State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations , Employee Benefits Security Administration , Office of Workers' Compensation Programs , Wage and Hour Division , Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs , Office of Labor Management Standards , Occupational Safety and Health Administration , Mine Safety and Health Administration , Office of Disability Employment Policy , funding made available to the Bureau of International Labor Affairs and Women's Bureau within the Departmental Management, Salaries and Expenses account, and Veterans' Employment and Training . 108. (a) Section 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 ( 29 U.S.C. 207 ) shall be applied hereafter as if the following text is part of such section: (s) (1) The provisions of this section shall not apply for a period of 2 years after the occurrence of a major disaster to any employee— (A) employed to adjust or evaluate claims resulting from or relating to such major disaster, by an employer not engaged, directly or through an affiliate, in underwriting, selling, or marketing property, casualty, or liability insurance policies or contracts; (B) who receives from such employer on average weekly compensation of not less than $591.00 per week or any minimum weekly amount established by the Secretary, whichever is greater, for the number of weeks such employee is engaged in any of the activities described in subparagraph (C); and (C) whose duties include any of the following: (i) interviewing insured individuals, individuals who suffered injuries or other damages or losses arising from or relating to a disaster, witnesses, or physicians; (ii) inspecting property damage or reviewing factual information to prepare damage estimates; (iii) evaluating and making recommendations regarding coverage or compensability of claims or determining liability or value aspects of claims; (iv) negotiating settlements; or (v) making recommendations regarding litigation. (2) The exemption in this subsection shall not affect the exemption provided by section 13(a)(1). (3) For purposes of this subsection— (A) the term major disaster means any disaster or catastrophe declared or designated by any State or Federal agency or department; (B) the term employee employed to adjust or evaluate claims resulting from or relating to such major disaster means an individual who timely secured or secures a license required by applicable law to engage in and perform the activities described in clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (1)(C) relating to a major disaster, and is employed by an employer that maintains worker compensation insurance coverage or protection for its employees, if required by applicable law, and withholds applicable Federal, State, and local income and payroll taxes from the wages, salaries and any benefits of such employees; and (C) the term affiliate means a company that, by reason of ownership or control of 25 percent or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities of one or more companies, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, another company. . (b) This section shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. 109. (a) Flexibility with respect to the crossing of H–2B nonimmigrants working in the seafood industry (1) IN GENERAL Subject to paragraph (2), if a petition for H–2B nonimmigrants filed by an employer in the seafood industry is granted, the employer may bring the nonimmigrants described in the petition into the United States at any time during the 120-day period beginning on the start date for which the employer is seeking the services of the nonimmigrants without filing another petition. (2) Requirements for crossings after 90th day An employer in the seafood industry may not bring H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States after the date that is 90 days after the start date for which the employer is seeking the services of the nonimmigrants unless the employer— (A) completes a new assessment of the local labor market by— (i) listing job orders in local newspapers on 2 separate Sundays; and (ii) posting the job opportunity on the appropriate Department of Labor Electronic Job Registry and at the employer's place of employment; and (B) offers the job to an equally or better qualified United States worker who— (i) applies for the job; and (ii) will be available at the time and place of need. (3) Exemption from rules with respect to staggering The Secretary of Labor shall not consider an employer in the seafood industry who brings H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States during the 120-day period specified in paragraph (1) to be staggering the date of need in violation of section 655.20(d) of title 20, Code of Federal Regulations, or any other applicable provision of law. (b) H–2B nonimmigrants defined In this section, the term H–2B nonimmigrants means aliens admitted to the United States pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B) ). 110. The determination of prevailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program shall be the greater of—(1) the actual wage level paid by the employer to other employees with similar experience and qualifications for such position in the same location; or (2) the prevailing wage level for the occupational classification of the position in the geographic area in which the H–2B nonimmigrant will be employed, based on the best information available at the time of filing the petition. In the determination of prevailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program, the Secretary shall accept private wage surveys even in instances where Occupational Employment Statistics survey data are available unless the Secretary determines that the methodology and data in the provided survey are not statistically supported. 111. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to enforce the definition of corresponding employment found in 20 CFR 655.5 or the three-fourths guarantee rule definition found in 20 CFR 655.20, or any references thereto. Further, for the purpose of regulating admission of temporary workers under the H–2B program, the definition of temporary need shall be that provided in 8 CFR 214.2(h)(6)(ii)(B). 112. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may furnish through grants, cooperative agreements, contracts, and other arrangements, not more than $450,000 of excess personal property, at a value determined by the Secretary, to apprenticeship programs for the purpose of training apprentices in those programs. 113. (a) The Act entitled An Act to create a Department of Labor , enacted March 4, 1913 (37 Stat. 736, chapter 141) is amended by adding at the end the following: 12. Security detail (a) In general The Secretary of Labor is authorized to employ law enforcement officers or special agents to— (1) provide protection for the Secretary of Labor during the workday of the Secretary and during any activity that is preliminary or postliminary to the performance of official duties by the Secretary; (2) provide protection, incidental to the protection provided to the Secretary, to a member of the immediate family of the Secretary who is participating in an activity or event relating to the official duties of the Secretary; (3) provide continuous protection to the Secretary (including during periods not described in paragraph (1)) and to the members of the immediate family of the Secretary if there is a unique and articulable threat of physical harm, in accordance with guidelines established by the Secretary; and (4) provide protection to the Deputy Secretary of Labor or another senior officer representing the Secretary of Labor at a public event if there is a unique and articulable threat of physical harm, in accordance with guidelines established by the Secretary. (b) Authorities The Secretary of Labor may authorize a law enforcement officer or special agent employed under subsection (a), for the purpose of performing the duties authorized under subsection (a), to— (1) carry firearms; (2) make arrests without a warrant for any offense against the United States committed in the presence of such officer or special agent; (3) perform protective intelligence work, including identifying and mitigating potential threats and conducting advance work to review security matters relating to sites and events; (4) coordinate with local law enforcement agencies; and (5) initiate criminal and other investigations into potential threats to the security of the Secretary, in coordination with the Inspector General of the Department of Labor. (c) Compliance with guidelines A law enforcement officer or special agent employed under subsection (a) shall exercise any authority provided under this section in accordance with any— (1) guidelines issued by the Attorney General; and (2) guidelines prescribed by the Secretary of Labor. . (b) This section shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. 114. The Secretary is authorized to dispose of or divest, by any means the Secretary determines appropriate, including an agreement or partnership to construct a new Job Corps center, all or a portion of the real property on which the Treasure Island Job Corps Center and the Gary Job Corps Center are situated. Any sale or other disposition, to include any associated construction project, will not be subject to any requirement of any Federal law or regulation relating to the disposition of Federal real property or relating to Federal procurement, including but not limited to subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 40 of the United States Code, subchapter V of chapter 119 of title 42 of the United States Code, and chapter 33 of division C of subtitle I of title 41 of the United States Code. The net proceeds of such a sale shall be transferred to the Secretary, which shall be available until expended for such project to carry out the Job Corps Program on Treasure Island and the Job Corps Program in and around San Marcos, Texas, respectively. 115. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) alter or terminate the Interagency Agreement between the United States Department of Labor and the United States Department of Agriculture; or (2) close any of the Civilian Conservation Centers, except if such closure is necessary to prevent the endangerment of the health and safety of the students, the capacity of the program is retained, and the requirements of section 159(j) of the WIOA are met. (Rescission) 116. Of the unobligated funds available under section 286(s)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1356(s)(2) ), $217,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded not later than September 30, 2025. 117. Any criminal charge or civil enforcement action alleging that an individual engaged in fraud with respect to compensation (as defined in section 3306 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) for purposes of determining benefits under the following statutes shall be filed not later than 10 years after the offense was committed: (1) Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act, P.L. 116-136; (2) Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021, P.L. 116-260; (3) American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, P.L. 117-2; and (4) Lost Wages Assistance Program under the Stafford Act, (42 U.S.C. § 5121–5207). 118. For the 2-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adverse Effect Wage Rate in effect under 20 CFR 655.120(b) shall be the Adverse Effect Wage Rate in effect on January 31, 2023. 119. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce— (1) the final rule entitled Adverse Effect Wage Rate Methodology for the Temporary Employment of H-2A Nonimmigrants in Non-Range Occupations in the United States , (88 Fed. Reg. 12760 (effective March 30, 2023)); (2) 20 CFR 655.131(b) (relating to joint employer requirements); or (3) the final rule entitled Improving Protections for Workers in Temporary Agricultural Employment in the United States , (89 Fed. Reg. 33898 (effective June 28, 2024)). 120. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce— (1) the final rule entitled Employee or Independent Contractor Classification Under the Fair Labor Standards Act , (89 Fed. Reg. 1638 (effective March 11, 2024)); or (2) the final rule entitled Defining and Delimiting the Exemptions for Executive, Administrative, Professional, Outside Sales, and Computer Employees , (89 Fed. Reg. 32842 (effective July 1, 2024 121. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce— (1) the final rule entitled Prudence and Loyalty in Selecting Plan Investments and Exercising Shareholder Rights , (87 Fed. Reg. 73822 (effective January 30, 2023)); (2) the final rule entitled Retirement Security Rule: Definition of an Investment Advice Fiduciary , (89 Fed. Reg. 32122 (effective September 23, 2024)); (3) the final rule entitled Amendment to Prohibited Transaction Exemption 2020-02 , (89 Fed. Reg. 32260 (effective September 23, 2024)); (4) the final rule entitled Amendment to Prohibited Transaction Exemption 84-24 , (89 Fed. Reg. 32302 (effective September 23, 2024)); or (5) the final rule entitled Amendment to Prohibited Transaction Exemptions 75–1, 77–4, 80–83, 83–1, and 86–128 , (89 Fed. Reg. 32346 (effective September 23, 2024)). 122. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce the proposed rule entitled National Apprenticeship System Enhancements , published by the Department of Labor in the Federal Register on January 17, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 3118). 123. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce the proposed rule entitled Lowering Miners' Exposure to Respirable Crystalline Silica and Improving Respiratory Protection , published by the Department of Labor in the Federal Register on April 18, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 28218). 124. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce the final rule entitled Worker Walkaround Representative Designation Process , (89 Fed. Reg. 22558 (effective May 31, 2024)). This title may be cited as the Department of Labor Appropriations Act, 2025 . II DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Health Resources and Services Administration PRIMARY HEALTH CARE For carrying out titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act (referred to in this Act as the PHS Act ) with respect to primary health care and the Native Hawaiian Health Care Act of 1988, $1,858,772,000: Provided, That not more than $1,000,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out the provisions of section 224(o) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That not more than $120,000,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out subsections (g) through (n) and (q) of section 224 of the PHS Act, and for expenses incurred by the Department of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as HHS ) pertaining to administrative claims made under such law. HEALTH WORKFORCE For carrying out titles III, VII, and VIII of the PHS Act with respect to the health workforce, sections 1128E and 1921 of the Social Security Act, and the Health Care Quality Improvement Act of 1986, $1,342,011,000: Provided, That section 751(j)(2) of the PHS Act and the proportional funding amounts in paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 756(f) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading: Provided further, That for any program operating under section 751 of the PHS Act on or before January 1, 2009, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this title as the Secretary ) may hereafter waive any of the requirements contained in sections 751(d)(2)(A) and 751(d)(2)(B) of such Act for the full project period of a grant under such section: Provided further, That no funds shall be available for section 340G–1 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That fees collected for the disclosure of information under section 427(b) of the Health Care Quality Improvement Act of 1986 and sections 1128E(d)(2) and 1921 of the Social Security Act shall be sufficient to recover the full costs of operating the programs authorized by such sections and shall remain available until expended for the National Practitioner Data Bank: Provided further, That funds transferred to this account to carry out section 846 and subpart 3 of part D of title III of the PHS Act may be used to make prior year adjustments to awards made under such section and subpart: Provided further, That $130,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the purposes of providing primary health services, assigning National Health Service Corps ( NHSC ) participants to expand the delivery of substance use disorder treatment services, notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), and 333A(a)(1)(B)(ii) of the PHS Act, and making payments under the NHSC Loan Repayment Program under section 338B of such Act: Provided further, That, within the amount made available in the previous proviso, not less than 15 percent shall remain available until expended for the purposes of making payments under the NHSC Loan Repayment Program under section 338B of the PHS Act to individuals participating in such program who provide primary health services in Indian Health Service facilities, Tribally-Operated 638 Health Programs, and Urban Indian Health Programs (as those terms are defined by the Secretary), notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations under section 333(b) of such Act: Provided further, That for purposes of the previous two provisos, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term primary health services includes clinical substance use disorder treatment services, including those provided by masters level, licensed substance use disorder treatment counselors: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $7,000,000 shall be available to make grants to establish, expand, or maintain optional community-based nurse practitioner fellowship programs that are accredited or in the accreditation process, with a preference for those in Federally Qualified Health Centers, for practicing postgraduate nurse practitioners in primary care or behavioral health: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $10,000,000 shall remain available until expended for activities under section 775 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That the United States may recover liquidated damages in an amount determined by the formula under section 338E(c)(1) of the PHS Act if an individual either fails to begin or complete the service obligated by a contract under section 775(b) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That for purposes of section 775(c)(1) of the PHS Act, the Secretary may include other mental and behavioral health disciplines as the Secretary deems appropriate: Provided further, That the Secretary may terminate a contract entered into under section 775 of the PHS Act in the same manner articulated in section 206 of this title for fiscal year 2025 contracts entered into under section 338B of the PHS Act. Of the funds made available under this heading, $70,000,000 shall remain available until expended for grants to public institutions of higher education to expand or support graduate education for physicians provided by such institutions, including funding for infrastructure development, maintenance, equipment, and minor renovations or alterations: Provided, That, in awarding such grants, the Secretary shall give priority to public institutions of higher education located in States with a projected primary care provider shortage, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That grants so awarded are limited to such public institutions of higher education in States in the top quartile of States with a projected primary care provider shortage, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That the minimum amount of a grant so awarded to such an institution shall be not less than $3,000,000: Provided further, That such a grant may be awarded for a period not to exceed 5 years: Provided further, That such a grant awarded with respect to a year to such an institution shall be subject to a matching requirement of non-Federal funds in an amount that is not more than 10 percent of the total amount of Federal funds provided in the grant to such institution with respect to such year. MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH For carrying out titles III, XI, XII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to maternal and child health and title V of the Social Security Act, $1,018,582,000: Provided, That notwithstanding sections 502(a)(1) and 502(b)(1) of the Social Security Act, not more than $194,268,000 shall be available for carrying out special projects of regional and national significance pursuant to section 501(a)(2) of such Act and $10,276,000 shall be available for projects described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of section 501(a)(3) of such Act. RYAN WHITE HIV/AIDS PROGRAM For carrying out title XXVI of the PHS Act with respect to the Ryan White HIV/AIDS program, $2,381,041,000, of which $2,045,630,000 shall remain available to the Secretary through September 30, 2027, for parts A and B of title XXVI of the PHS Act, and of which not less than $900,313,000 shall be for State AIDS Drug Assistance Programs under the authority of section 2616 or 311(c) of such Act. HEALTH SYSTEMS For carrying out titles III and XII of the PHS Act with respect to health care systems, and the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, $126,009,000, of which $122,000 shall be available until expended for facility renovations and other facilities-related expenses of the National Hansen’s Disease Program. RURAL HEALTH For carrying out titles III and IV of the PHS Act with respect to rural health, section 427(a) of the Federal Coal Mine Health and Safety Act of 1969, and sections 711 and 1820 of the Social Security Act, $400,907,000, of which $74,277,000 from general revenues, notwithstanding section 1820(j) of the Social Security Act, shall be available for carrying out the Medicare rural hospital flexibility grants program: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading for Medicare rural hospital flexibility grants, up to $25,942,000 shall be available for the Small Rural Hospital Improvement Grant Program for quality improvement and adoption of health information technology and no less than $5,000,000 shall be available to award grants to public or non-profit private entities for the Rural Emergency Hospital Technical Assistance Program: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 338J(k) of the PHS Act, $13,000,000 shall be available for State Offices of Rural Health: Provided further, That $14,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the Rural Residency Development Program. HRSA-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT For carrying out title III of the Public Health Service Act and for cross-cutting activities and program support for activities funded in other appropriations included in this Act for the Health Resources and Services Administration, $222,088,000, of which $44,550,000 shall be for expenses necessary for the Office for the Advancement of Telehealth, including grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements for the advancement of telehealth activities: Provided, That funds made available under this heading may be used to supplement program support funding provided under the headings Primary Health Care , Health Workforce , Maternal and Child Health , Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program , Health Systems , and Rural Health . VACCINE INJURY COMPENSATION PROGRAM TRUST FUND For payments from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program Trust Fund (the Trust Fund ), such sums as may be necessary for claims associated with vaccine-related injury or death with respect to vaccines administered after September 30, 1988, pursuant to subtitle 2 of title XXI of the PHS Act, to remain available until expended: Provided, That for necessary administrative expenses, not to exceed $15,700,000 shall be available from the Trust Fund to the Secretary. COVERED COUNTERMEASURES PROCESS FUND For carrying out section 319F–4 of the PHS Act, $7,000,000, to remain available until expended. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention IMMUNIZATION AND RESPIRATORY DISEASES For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXI, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, and titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, with respect to immunization and respiratory diseases, $237,358,000. HIV/AIDS, VIRAL HEPATITIS, SEXUALLY TRANSMITTED DISEASES, AND TUBERCULOSIS PREVENTION For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXIII of the PHS Act with respect to HIV/AIDS, viral hepatitis, sexually transmitted diseases, and tuberculosis prevention, $1,177,135,000. EMERGING AND ZOONOTIC INFECTIOUS DISEASES For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, and titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, with respect to emerging and zoonotic infectious diseases, $728,772,000: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended to pay for the transportation, medical care, treatment, and other related costs of persons quarantined or isolated under Federal or State quarantine law. CHRONIC DISEASE PREVENTION AND HEALTH PROMOTION For carrying out titles II, III, XI, XV, XVII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to chronic disease prevention and health promotion, $912,886,000: Provided, That funds made available under this heading may be available for making grants under section 1509 of the PHS Act for not less than 21 States, Tribes, or Tribal organizations: Provided further, That the proportional funding requirements under section 1503(a) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading. BIRTH DEFECTS, DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES, DISABILITIES AND HEALTH For carrying out titles II, III, XI, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to birth defects, developmental disabilities, disabilities and health, $206,060,000. PUBLIC HEALTH SCIENTIFIC SERVICES For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to health statistics, surveillance, health informatics, and workforce development, $594,497,000. ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to environmental health, $94,600,000. INJURY PREVENTION AND CONTROL For carrying out title III of the PHS Act with respect to rape prevention and education, and domestic violence and sexual violence prevention, $40,000,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE FOR OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act, sections 101, 102, 103, 201, 202, 203, 301, and 501 of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act, section 13 of the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act, and sections 20, 21, and 22 of the Occupational Safety and Health Act, with respect to occupational safety and health, $263,700,000. ENERGY EMPLOYEES OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS COMPENSATION PROGRAM For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $55,358,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That this amount shall be available consistent with the provision regarding administrative expenses in section 151(b) of division B, title I of Public Law 106–554 . GLOBAL HEALTH For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to global health, $563,922,000, of which $293,200,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2027, for global public health protection: Provided, That funds may be used for purchase and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries. PUBLIC HEALTH PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXVIII of the PHS Act with respect to public health preparedness and response, and for expenses necessary to support activities related to countering potential chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats to civilian populations, $874,000,000: Provided, That the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (referred to in this title as CDC ) or the Administrator of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry may detail staff without reimbursement to support an activation of the CDC Emergency Operations Center, so long as the Director or Administrator, as applicable, provides a notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 15 days of the use of this authority, a full report within 30 days after use of this authority which includes the number of staff and funding level broken down by the originating center and number of days detailed, and an update of such report every 180 days until staff are no longer on detail without reimbursement to the CDC Emergency Operations Center. CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT (Including Transfer of Funds) For carrying out titles II, III, XVII and XIX, and section 2821 of the PHS Act and for cross-cutting activities and program support for activities funded in other appropriations included in this Act for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, $511,570,000, of which $360,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2026, for public health infrastructure and capacity: Provided, That of such amount designated for public health infrastructure and capacity not less than 10 percent shall be made available to Indian Tribes or Tribal organizations: Provided further, That paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b) of section 2821 of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading and in all other accounts of the CDC: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $35,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available to the Director of the CDC for deposit in the Infectious Diseases Rapid Response Reserve Fund established by section 231 of division B of Public Law 115–245 : Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to support a contract for the operation and maintenance of an aircraft in direct support of activities throughout CDC to ensure the agency is prepared to address public health preparedness emergencies: Provided further, That employees of CDC or the Public Health Service, both civilian and commissioned officers, detailed to States, municipalities, or other organizations under authority of section 214 of the PHS Act, or in overseas assignments, shall be treated as non-Federal employees for reporting purposes only and shall not be included within any personnel ceiling applicable to the Agency, Service, or HHS during the period of detail or assignment: Provided further, That CDC may use up to $5,000 from amounts appropriated to CDC in this Act for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Director of the CDC: Provided further, That in addition, such sums as may be derived from authorized user fees, which shall be credited to the appropriation charged with the cost thereof: Provided further, That with respect to the previous proviso, authorized user fees from the Vessel Sanitation Program and the Respirator Certification Program shall be available through September 30, 2026. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES (Including Transfer of Funds) For acquisition of real property, equipment, construction, installation, demolition, and renovation of facilities, $0, which shall remain available until expended: Provided, That funds made available to this account in this or any prior Act that are available for the acquisition of real property or for construction or improvement of facilities shall be available to make improvements on non-federally owned property, provided that any improvements that are not adjacent to federally owned property do not exceed $2,500,000, and that the primary benefit of such improvements accrues to CDC: Provided further, That funds previously set-aside by CDC for repair and upgrade of the Lake Lynn Experimental Mine and Laboratory shall be used to acquire a replacement mine safety research facility: Provided further, That funds made available to this account in this or any prior Act that are available for the acquisition of real property or for construction or improvement of facilities in conjunction with the new replacement mine safety research facility shall be available to make improvements on non-federally owned property, provided that any improvements that are not adjacent to federally owned property do not exceed $5,000,000: Provided further, That in addition, the prior year unobligated balance of any amounts assigned to former employees in accounts of CDC made available for Individual Learning Accounts shall be credited to and merged with the amounts made available under this heading to support the replacement of the mine safety research facility. National Institutes of Health NATIONAL CANCER INSTITUTE For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cancer, $7,875,289,000, of which up to $45,000,000 may be used for facilities repairs and improvements at the National Cancer Institute—Frederick Federally Funded Research and Development Center in Frederick, Maryland. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON BODY SYSTEMS RESEARCH For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cardiovascular, lung, blood diseases, blood and blood products, diabetes, digestive and kidney diseases, musculoskeletal, and skin diseases, $7,101,721,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON NEUROSCIENCE AND BRAIN RESEARCH For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to dental and craniofacial diseases, neurological disorders and stroke, and eye diseases and visual disorders, $4,112,805,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON INFECTIOUS DISEASES For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to infectious diseases, $3,315,552,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON THE IMMUNE SYSTEM AND ARTHRITIS For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to the immune system and arthritis, $3,315,552,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF GENERAL MEDICAL SCIENCES For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to general medical sciences, human genome research, and health information communications, $4,451,630,000, of which $1,412,482,000 shall be from funds available under section 241 of the PHS Act: Provided, That not less than $445,956,000 is provided for the Institutional Development Awards program: Provided further, That of the amounts available for improvement of information systems, $4,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2026: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2025, the National Library of Medicine may enter into personal service contracts for the provision of services in facilities owned, operated, or constructed under the jurisdiction of the National Institutes of Health (referred to in this title as NIH ). NATIONAL INSTITUTE FOR DISABILITY RELATED RESEARCH For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to research on human development, intellectual and developmental disabilities, and deafness and other communication disorders, $2,317,464,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON DEMENTIA For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to dementia, $4,604,899,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON SUBSTANCE USE For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to alcohol and other substance use, $2,281,695,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF MENTAL HEALTH For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, $2,210,789,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON HEALTH SCIENCES RESEARCH For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to health sciences research, including research into health disparities, nursing, complementary and integrative health, and environmental health, $1,931,662,000: Provided, That $95,162,000 shall be for the John E. Fogarty International Center. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON INNOVATION AND ADVANCED RESEARCH For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to biomedical imaging and bioengineering, translational sciences, advanced research projects for health, and other innovative research, $2,568,004,000: Provided, That $500,000,000 shall be for the Advanced Research Projects Agency for Health to remain available through September 30, 2027. OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR For carrying out the responsibilities of the Office of the Director, $2,000,667,000: Provided, That funding shall be available for the purchase of not to exceed 29 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only: Provided further, That all funds credited to the NIH Management Fund shall remain available for one fiscal year after the fiscal year in which they are deposited: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $5,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Director of the NIH: Provided further, That the Office of AIDS Research within the Office of the Director may spend up to $8,000,000 to make grants for construction or renovation of facilities as provided for in section 2354(a)(5)(B) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading are also available to establish, operate, and support the Research Policy Board authorized by section 2034(f) of the 21st Century Cures Act: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for the Office of Research on Women’s Health shall also be available for making grants to serve and promote the interests of women in research, and the Director of such Office may, in making such grants, use the authorities available to NIH Institutes and Centers. In addition to other funds appropriated for the Office of the Director, $12,600,000 is appropriated from the 10-year Pediatric Research Initiative Fund described in section 9008 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ( 26 U.S.C. 9008 ), for the purpose of carrying out section 402(b)(7)(B)(ii) of the PHS Act (relating to pediatric research), as authorized in the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES For the study of, construction of, demolition of, renovation of, and acquisition of equipment for, facilities of or used by NIH, including the acquisition of real property, $353,671,000, to remain available until expended. NIH INNOVATION ACCOUNT, CURES ACT (Including Transfer of Funds) For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described in section 1001(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act, in addition to amounts available for such purposes in the appropriations provided to the NIH in this Act, $127,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts are appropriated pursuant to section 1001(b)(3) of such Act, are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1001(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Director of the NIH to other accounts of the NIH solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Director of the NIH that funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso are not necessary for the purposes provided, such amounts may be transferred back to the Account: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration MENTAL HEALTH For carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act, and the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, $2,664,107,000, of which $21,039,000 shall be from funds available under section 241 of the PHS Act: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading, $100,887,000 shall be for the National Child Traumatic Stress Initiative: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 520A(f)(2) of the PHS Act, no funds appropriated for carrying out section 520A shall be available for carrying out section 1971 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That the total available under this Act for section 1920(b) activities shall not exceed 5 percent of the amounts appropriated for subpart I of part B of title XIX: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading for subpart I of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act, at least 5 percent shall be available to support evidence-based crisis systems: Provided further, That up to 10 percent of the amounts made available to carry out the Children’s Mental Health Services program may be used to carry out demonstration grants or contracts for early interventions with persons not more than 25 years of age at clinical high risk of developing a first episode of psychosis: Provided further, That section 520E(b)(2) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds appropriated in this Act for fiscal year 2025: Provided further, That $385,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2027 for grants to communities and community organizations who meet criteria for Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinics pursuant to section 223(a) of Public Law 113–93 : Provided further, That none of the funds provided for section 1911 of the PHS Act shall be subject to section 241 of such Act: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $21,420,000 shall be to carry out section 224 of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 ( Public Law 113–93 ; 42 U.S.C. 290aa 22 note). SUBSTANCE ABUSE TREATMENT For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse treatment and title XIX of such Act with respect to substance abuse treatment and prevention, section 1003 of the 21st Century Cures Act, and the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, $4,516,463,000, of which $79,200,000 shall be from funds available under section 241 of the PHS Act: Provided, That $1,575,000,000 shall be for carrying out section 1003 of the 21st Century Cures Act: Provided further, That of such amount in the preceding proviso not less than 4 percent shall be made available to Indian Tribes or Tribal organizations: Provided further, That none of the funds provided for section 1921 of the PHS Act or State Opioid Response Grants shall be subject to section 241 of such Act. SUBSTANCE ABUSE PREVENTION For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse prevention, $203,174,000. HEALTH SURVEILLANCE AND PROGRAM SUPPORT For program support and cross-cutting activities that supplement activities funded under the headings Mental Health , Substance Abuse Treatment , and Substance Abuse Prevention in carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act and the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, $146,323,000, of which $31,428,000 shall be from funds available under section 241 of the PHS Act: Provided, That, in addition, fees may be collected for the costs of publications, data, data tabulations, and data analysis completed under title V of the PHS Act and provided to a public or private entity upon request, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until expended for such purposes: Provided further, That amounts made available in this Act for carrying out section 501(o) of the PHS Act shall remain available through September 30, 2026: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading (other than amounts specified in the first proviso under this heading) may be used to supplement program support funding provided under the headings Mental Health , Substance Abuse Treatment , and Substance Abuse Prevention . Centers for MedicareMedicaid Services GRANTS TO STATES FOR MEDICAID For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles XI and XIX of the Social Security Act, $383,609,399,000, to remain available until expended. In addition, for carrying out such titles after May 31, 2025, for the last quarter of fiscal year 2025 for unanticipated costs incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended. In addition, for carrying out such titles for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026, $261,063,820,000, to remain available until expended. Payment under such title XIX may be made for any quarter with respect to a State plan or plan amendment in effect during such quarter, if submitted in or prior to such quarter and approved in that or any subsequent quarter. PAYMENTS TO THE HEALTH CARE TRUST FUNDS For payment to the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as provided under sections 217(g), 1844, and 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act, sections 103(c) and 111(d) of the Social Security Amendments of 1965, section 278(d)(3) of Public Law 97–248 , and for administrative expenses incurred pursuant to section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, $521,757,000,000. In addition, for making matching payments under section 1844 and benefit payments under section 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act that were not anticipated in budget estimates, such sums as may be necessary. PROGRAM MANAGEMENT For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles XI, XVIII, XIX, and XXI of the Social Security Act, titles XIII and XXVII of the PHS Act, the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988, and other responsibilities of the Centers for MedicareMedicaid Services, not to exceed $3,454,690,000 to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) of the Social Security Act; together with all funds collected in accordance with section 353 of the PHS Act and section 1857(e)(2) of the Social Security Act, funds retained by the Secretary pursuant to section 1893(h) of the Social Security Act, and such sums as may be collected from authorized user fees and the sale of data, which shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided, That all funds derived in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 9701 from organizations established under title XIII of the PHS Act shall be credited to and available for carrying out the purposes of this appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary is directed to collect fees in fiscal year 2025 from Medicare Advantage organizations pursuant to section 1857(e)(2) of the Social Security Act and from eligible organizations with risk-sharing contracts under section 1876 of that Act pursuant to section 1876(k)(4)(D) of that Act: Provided further, That of the amount made available under this heading, $402,334,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, and shall be available for the Survey and Certification Program: Provided further, That amounts available under this heading to support quality improvement organizations (as defined in section 1152 of the Social Security Act) shall not exceed the amount specifically provided for such purpose under this heading in division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 ( Public Law 115–141 ): Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used to prepare or issue any solicitation or award a contract that requires the maintenance of a labor harmony agreement or any substantially similar requirement. HEALTH CARE FRAUD AND ABUSE CONTROL ACCOUNT In addition to amounts otherwise available for program integrity and program management, $941,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2026, to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, of which $693,511,000 shall be for the Centers for MedicareMedicaid Services program integrity activities, of which $111,508,000 shall be for the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General to carry out fraud and abuse activities authorized by section 1817(k)(3) of such Act, and of which $135,981,000 shall be for the Department of Justice to carry out fraud and abuse activities authorized by section 1817(k)(3) of such Act: Provided, That the report required by section 1817(k)(5) of the Social Security Act for fiscal year 2025 shall include measures of the operational efficiency and impact on fraud, waste, and abuse in the Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP programs for the funds provided by this appropriation: Provided further, That of the amount provided under this heading, $311,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(C)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, and $630,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(C) of such Act for additional health care fraud and abuse control activities: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide not less than $35,000,000 from amounts made available under this heading and amounts made available for fiscal year 2025 under section 1817(k)(3)(A) of the Social Security Act for the Senior Medicare Patrol program to combat health care fraud and abuse. Administration for Children and Families PAYMENTS TO STATES FOR CHILD SUPPORT ENFORCEMENT AND FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAMS For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, $3,924,000,000, to remain available until expended; and for such purposes for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026, $1,600,000,000, to remain available until expended. For carrying out, after May 31 of the current fiscal year, except as otherwise provided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. LOW INCOME HOME ENERGY ASSISTANCE For making payments under subsections (b) and (d) of section 2602 of the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981 ( 42 U.S.C. 8621 et seq. ), $4,040,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 2609A(a) of such Act, not more than $9,600,000 may be reserved by the Secretary for technical assistance, training, and monitoring of program activities for compliance with internal controls, policies and procedures, and to supplement funding otherwise available for necessary administrative expenses to carry out such Act, and the Secretary may, in addition to the authorities provided in section 2609A(a)(1), use such funds through contracts with private entities that do not qualify as nonprofit organizations: Provided further, That all but $904,848,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be allocated as though the total appropriation for such payments for fiscal year 2025 was less than $1,975,000,000: Provided further, That, after applying all applicable provisions of section 2604 of such Act and the previous proviso, each State or territory that would otherwise receive an allocation that is less than 97 percent of the amount that it received under this heading for fiscal year 2024 from amounts appropriated in Public Law 118–47 shall have its allocation increased to that 97 percent level, with the portions of other States’ and territories’ allocations that would exceed 100 percent of the amounts they respectively received in such fashion for fiscal year 2024 being ratably reduced. REFUGEE AND ENTRANT ASSISTANCE For necessary expenses for refugee and entrant assistance activities authorized by section 414 of the Immigration and Nationality Act and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980, and for carrying out section 462 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008, the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 ( TVPA ), and the Torture Victims Relief Act of 1998, $2,691,955,000, of which $2,641,200,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2027, for carrying out such sections 414, 501, 462, and 235: Provided, That amounts available under this heading to carry out the TVPA shall also be available for research and evaluation with respect to activities under such Act: Provided further, That the contribution of funds requirement under section 235(c)(6)(C)(iii) of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 shall not apply to funds made available under this heading: Provided further, That not more than 7 percent of amounts made available under this heading shall be available for Federal administrative costs. PROMOTING SAFE AND STABLE FAMILIES For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, section 436 of the Social Security Act, $345,000,000 and, for carrying out, except as otherwise provided, section 437 of such Act, $69,765,000: Provided, That of the funds available to carry out section 437, $59,765,000 shall be allocated consistent with subsections (b) through (d) of such section: Provided further, That of the funds available to carry out section 437, to assist in meeting the requirements described in section 471(e)(4)(C), $10,000,000 shall be for grants to each State, territory, and Indian Tribe operating title IV–E plans for developing, enhancing, or evaluating kinship navigator programs, as described in section 427(a)(1) of such Act: Provided further, That section 437(b)(1) shall be applied to amounts in the previous proviso by substituting 5 percent for 3.3 percent , and notwithstanding section 436(b)(1), such reserved amounts may be used for identifying, establishing, and disseminating practices to meet the criteria specified in section 471(e)(4)(C): Provided further, That the reservation in section 437(b)(2) and the limitations in section 437(d) shall not apply to funds specified in the second proviso: Provided further, That the minimum grant award for kinship navigator programs in the case of States and territories shall be $200,000, and, in the case of Tribes, shall be $25,000. PAYMENTS TO STATES FOR THE CHILD CARE AND DEVELOPMENT BLOCK GRANT For carrying out the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 ( CCDBG Act ), $8,771,387,000 shall be used to supplement, not supplant State general revenue funds for child care assistance for low-income families: Provided, That technical assistance under section 658I(a)(3) of such Act may be provided directly, or through the use of contracts, grants, cooperative agreements, or interagency agreements: Provided further, That all funds made available to carry out section 418 of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 618 ), including funds appropriated for that purpose in such section 418 or any other provision of law, shall be subject to the reservation of funds authority in paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 658O(a) of the CCDBG Act: Provided further, That notwithstanding the reservation requirements in any other provision of law, of amounts appropriated under this heading, 6 percent shall be reserved for payments to Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations: Provided further , That of the amounts made available under this heading, the Secretary may reserve up to 0.5 percent for Federal administrative expenses. SOCIAL SERVICES BLOCK GRANT For making grants to States pursuant to section 2002 of the Social Security Act, $1,700,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding subparagraph (B) of section 404(d)(2) of such Act, the applicable percent specified under such subparagraph for a State to carry out State programs pursuant to title XX–A of such Act shall be 10 percent. CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SERVICES PROGRAMS For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, the Head Start Act, the Every Student Succeeds Act, the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, sections 303 and 313 of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act, the Native American Programs Act of 1974, title II of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment and Adoption Reform Act of 1978 (adoption opportunities), part B–1 of title IV and sections 429, 473A, 477(i), 1110, 1114A, and 1115 of the Social Security Act, and the Community Services Block Grant Act ( CSBG Act ); and for necessary administrative expenses to carry out titles I, IV, V, X, XI, XIV, XVI, and XX–A of the Social Security Act, the Act of July 5, 1960, and the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981, $14,709,694,000, of which $75,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2026, shall be for grants to States for adoption and legal guardianship incentive payments, as defined by section 473A of the Social Security Act and may be made for adoptions and legal guardianships completed before September 30, 2025: Provided, That $12,296,820,000 shall be for making payments under the Head Start Act, including for Early Head Start–Child Care Partnerships, and, of which, notwithstanding section 640 of such Act: (1) $25,000,000 shall be available for allocation by the Secretary to supplement activities described in paragraphs (7)(B) and (9) of section 641(c) of the Head Start Act under the Designation Renewal System, established under the authority of sections 641(c)(7), 645A(b)(12), and 645A(d) of such Act, and such funds shall not be included in the calculation of base grant in subsequent fiscal years, as such term is used in section 640(a)(7)(A) of such Act; (2) $12,000,000 shall be available for the Tribal Colleges and Universities Head Start Partnership Program consistent with section 648(g) of such Act; (3) Not to exceed $8,000,000 shall be available for the Marshall Islands and Micronesia for the start-up and operation of Head Start services and for the provision of training and technical assistance; and (4) up to $42,000,000 shall be available to supplement funding otherwise available for research, evaluation, and Federal administrative costs: Provided further, That the Secretary may reduce the reservation of funds under section 640(a)(2)(C) of such Act in lieu of reducing the reservation of funds under sections 640(a)(2)(B), 640(a)(2)(D), and 640(a)(2)(E) of such Act: Provided further, That $250,000,000 shall be available until December 31, 2025, for carrying out sections 9212 and 9213 of the Every Student Succeeds Act: Provided further, That up to 3 percent of the funds in the preceding proviso shall be available for technical assistance and evaluation related to grants awarded under such section 9212: Provided further, That $793,000,000 shall be for making payments under the CSBG Act: Provided further, That for services furnished under the CSBG Act with funds made available for such purpose in this fiscal year and in fiscal year 2024, States may apply the last sentence of section 673(2) of the CSBG Act by substituting 200 percent for 125 percent : Provided further, That not less than $13,000,000 shall be for section 680(a)(3)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That $245,000,000 shall be for carrying out section 303(a) of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act, of which $12,000,000 shall be allocated notwithstanding section 303(a)(2) of such Act for carrying out section 309 of such Act: Provided further, That the percentages specified in section 112(a)(2) of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That $1,864,000 shall be for a human services case management system for federally declared disasters, to include a comprehensive national case management contract and Federal costs of administering the system: Provided further, That up to $2,000,000 shall be for improving the Public Assistance Reporting Information System, including grants to States to support data collection for a study of the system's effectiveness. PAYMENTS FOR FOSTER CARE AND PERMANENCY For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, $6,768,000,000. For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026, $3,600,000,000. For carrying out, after May 31 of the current fiscal year, except as otherwise provided, section 474 of title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. Administration for Community Living AGING AND DISABILITY SERVICES PROGRAMS (Including Transfer of Funds) For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Older Americans Act of 1965 ( OAA ), the RAISE Family Caregivers Act, the Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act, titles III and XXIX of the PHS Act, sections 1252 and 1253 of the PHS Act, section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, title XX–B of the Social Security Act, the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000, parts 2 and 5 of subtitle D of title II of the Help America Vote Act of 2002, the Assistive Technology Act of 1998, titles II and VII (and section 14 with respect to such titles) of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and for Department-wide coordination of policy and program activities that assist individuals with disabilities, $2,415,167,000, together with $55,242,000 to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund to carry out section 4360 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990: Provided, That of amounts made available under this heading to carry out sections 311, 331, and 336 of the OAA, up to one percent of such amounts shall be available for developing and implementing evidence-based practices for enhancing senior nutrition, including medically-tailored meals: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, funds made available under this heading to carry out section 311 of the OAA may be transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture in accordance with such section: Provided further, That up to 5 percent of the funds provided for adult protective services grants under section 2042 of title XX of the Social Security Act may be used to make grants to Tribes and Tribal organizations: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to support alternative financing programs that provide for the purchase of assistive technology devices, such as a low-interest loan fund; an interest buy-down program; a revolving loan fund; a loan guarantee; or an insurance program: Provided further, That applicants shall provide an assurance that, and information describing the manner in which, the alternative financing program will expand and emphasize consumer choice and control: Provided further, That State agencies and community-based disability organizations that are directed by and operated for individuals with disabilities shall be eligible to compete: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used by an eligible system (as defined in section 102 of the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act ( 42 U.S.C. 10802 )) to continue to pursue any legal action in a Federal or State court on behalf of an individual or group of individuals with a developmental disability (as defined in section 102(8)(A) of the Developmental Disabilities and Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 ( 20 U.S.C. 15002(8)(A) ) that is attributable to a mental impairment (or a combination of mental and physical impairments), that has as the requested remedy the closure of State operated intermediate care facilities for people with intellectual or developmental disabilities, unless reasonable public notice of the action has been provided to such individuals (or, in the case of mental incapacitation, the legal guardians who have been specifically awarded authority by the courts to make healthcare and residential decisions on behalf of such individuals) who are affected by such action, within 90 days of instituting such legal action, which informs such individuals (or such legal guardians) of their legal rights and how to exercise such rights consistent with current Federal Rules of Civil Procedure: Provided further, That the limitations in the immediately preceding proviso shall not apply in the case of an individual who is neither competent to consent nor has a legal guardian, nor shall the proviso apply in the case of individuals who are a ward of the State or subject to public guardianship. Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND PROCUREMENT For carrying out title III and subtitles A and B of title XXVIII of the PHS Act, with respect to the research, development, storage, production, and procurement of medical countermeasures to counter potential chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats to civilian populations, $3,277,991,000: Provided, That of such amount: (1) $1,100,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2026, shall be for expenses necessary to support advanced research and development pursuant to section 319L of the PHS Act and other administrative expenses of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority; (2) $850,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for expenses necessary for procuring security countermeasures (as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act); (3) $1,000,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for expenses necessary to carry out section 319F–2(a) of the PHS Act; and (4) $327,991,000 shall be for expenses necessary to prepare for or respond to an influenza pandemic, of which $300,000,000 shall remain available until expended for activities including the development and purchase of vaccines, antivirals, necessary medical supplies, diagnostics, and surveillance tools: Provided, That notwithstanding section 496(b) of the PHS Act, funds allocated under this paragraph may be used for the construction or renovation of privately owned facilities for the production of pandemic influenza vaccines and other biologics, if the Secretary finds such construction or renovation necessary to secure sufficient supplies of such vaccines or biologics: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading for purposes of acquisition of security countermeasures shall be in addition to any other funds made available for such purposes: Provided further, That products purchased with funds made available under this heading may, at the discretion of the Secretary, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile pursuant to section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used by the Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response to develop, acquire, or stockpile medical countermeasures, or to strengthen the domestic industrial base, by procuring or acquiring any medical equipment, pharmaceutical good, or service produced by a Chinese-owned company. OPERATIONS, PREPAREDNESS, AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE For carrying out titles III, XII, and subtitles A and B of title XXVIII of the PHS Act, operations and emergency response activities related to countering potential chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats and other public health emergencies, $352,606,000. Office of the Secretary GENERAL DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided, for general departmental management, including hire of six passenger motor vehicles, and for carrying out titles III, XVII, XXI, and section 229 of the PHS Act, the United States-Mexico Border Health Commission Act, and research studies under section 1110 of the Social Security Act, $350,172,000, of which $58,028,000 shall be from funds available under section 241 of the PHS Act: Provided, That of this amount, $45,000,000 shall be for minority AIDS prevention and treatment activities: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $40,000,000 shall be for making competitive grants which exclusively implement education in sexual risk avoidance (defined as voluntarily refraining from non-marital sexual activity): Provided further, That funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall use medically accurate information referenced to peer-reviewed publications by educational, scientific, governmental, or health organizations; implement an evidence-based approach integrating research findings with practical implementation that aligns with the needs and desired outcomes for the intended audience; and teach the benefits associated with self-regulation, success sequencing for poverty prevention, healthy relationships, goal setting, and resisting sexual coercion, dating violence, and other youth risk behaviors such as underage drinking or illicit drug use without normalizing teen sexual activity: Provided further, That not more than 10 percent of the funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall be available for technical assistance and administrative costs of such programs: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act for embryo adoption activities may be used to provide to individuals adopting embryos, through grants and other mechanisms, medical and administrative services deemed necessary for such adoptions: Provided further, That such services shall be provided consistent with 42 CFR 59.5(a)(4): Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for carrying out prize competitions sponsored by the Office of the Secretary to accelerate innovation in the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of kidney diseases (as authorized by section 24 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 ( 15 U.S.C. 3719 )). In addition, for expenses necessary to carry out title II of the PHS Act to support, except as otherwise provided, activities related to safeguarding classified national security information and providing intelligence and national security support across the Department and to counter cybersecurity threats to civilian populations, $109,983,000. In addition, for expenses necessary to prevent, prepare for, or respond to an influenza pandemic, $7,009,000. OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, $39,798,000. OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL COORDINATOR FOR HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY For expenses necessary for the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, including grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements for the development and advancement of interoperable health information technology, $69,238,000, of which $59,238,000 shall be from funds available under section 241 of the PHS Act. MEDICARE HEARINGS AND APPEALS For expenses necessary for Medicare hearings and appeals in the Office of the Secretary, $196,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2026, to be transferred in appropriate part from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. RETIREMENT PAY AND MEDICAL BENEFITS FOR COMMISSIONED OFFICERS For retirement pay and medical benefits of Public Health Service Commissioned Officers as authorized by law, for payments under the Retired Serviceman's Family Protection Plan and Survivor Benefit Plan, and for medical care of dependents and retired personnel under the Dependents' Medical Care Act, such amounts as may be required during the current fiscal year. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles for investigations, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $87,000,000: Provided, That of such amount, necessary sums shall be available for providing protective services to the Secretary and investigating non-payment of child support cases for which non-payment is a Federal offense under 18 U.S.C. 228: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, necessary sums shall be available for carrying out activities authorized under section 3022 of the PHS Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300jj–52 ). General Provisions 201. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for not to exceed $25,000 for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Secretary. 202. None of the funds appropriated in this title shall be used to pay the salary of an individual, through a grant or other extramural mechanism, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this title shall be used to prevent the NIH from paying up to 100 percent of the salary of an individual at this rate. 203. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended pursuant to section 241 of the PHS Act, except for funds specifically provided for in this Act, or for other taps and assessments made by any office located in HHS, prior to the preparation and submission of a report by the Secretary to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the planned uses of such funds. 204. Notwithstanding section 241(a) of the PHS Act, such portion as the Secretary shall determine, but not more than 2.5 percent, of any amounts appropriated for programs authorized under such Act shall be made available for the evaluation (directly, or by grants or contracts) and the implementation and effectiveness of programs funded in this title. (Transfer of Funds) 205. Not to exceed 1 percent of any discretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the current fiscal year for HHS in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 206. In lieu of the timeframe specified in section 338E(c)(2) of the PHS Act, terminations described in such section may occur up to 60 days after the effective date of a contract awarded in fiscal year 2025 under section 338B of such Act, or at any time if the individual who has been awarded such contract has not received funds due under the contract. 207. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be made available to any entity under title X of the PHS Act unless the applicant for the award certifies to the Secretary that it encourages family participation in the decision of minors to seek family planning services and that it provides counseling to minors on how to resist attempts to coerce minors into engaging in sexual activities. 208. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no provider of services under title X of the PHS Act shall be exempt from any State law requiring notification or the reporting of child abuse, child molestation, sexual abuse, rape, or incest. 209. None of the funds appropriated by this Act (including funds appropriated to any trust fund) may be used to carry out the Medicare Advantage program if the Secretary denies participation in such program to an otherwise eligible entity (including a Provider Sponsored Organization) because the entity informs the Secretary that it will not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or provide referrals for abortions: Provided, That the Secretary shall make appropriate prospective adjustments to the capitation payment to such an entity (based on an actuarially sound estimate of the expected costs of providing the service to such entity's enrollees): Provided further, That nothing in this section shall be construed to change the Medicare program's coverage for such services and a Medicare Advantage organization described in this section shall be responsible for informing enrollees where to obtain information about all Medicare covered services. 210. None of the funds made available in this title may be used, in whole or in part, to advocate or promote gun control. 211. The Secretary shall make available through assignment not more than 60 employees of the Public Health Service to assist in child survival activities and to work in AIDS programs through and with funds provided by the Agency for International Development, the United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund or the World Health Organization. 212. In order for HHS to carry out international health activities, including HIV/AIDS and other infectious disease, chronic and environmental disease, and other health activities abroad during fiscal year 2025: (1) The Secretary may exercise authority equivalent to that available to the Secretary of State in section 2(c) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956. The Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of State and relevant Chief of Mission to ensure that the authority provided in this section is exercised in a manner consistent with section 207 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 and other applicable statutes administered by the Department of State. (2) The Secretary is authorized to provide such funds by advance or reimbursement to the Secretary of State as may be necessary to pay the costs of acquisition, lease, alteration, renovation, and management of facilities outside of the United States for the use of HHS. The Department of State shall cooperate fully with the Secretary to ensure that HHS has secure, safe, functional facilities that comply with applicable regulation governing location, setback, and other facilities requirements and serve the purposes established by this Act. The Secretary is authorized, in consultation with the Secretary of State, through grant or cooperative agreement, to make available to public or nonprofit private institutions or agencies in participating foreign countries, funds to acquire, lease, alter, or renovate facilities in those countries as necessary to conduct programs of assistance for international health activities, including activities relating to HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases, chronic and environmental diseases, and other health activities abroad. (3) The Secretary is authorized to provide to personnel appointed or assigned by the Secretary to serve abroad, allowances and benefits similar to those provided under chapter 9 of title I of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, and 22 U.S.C. 4081 through 4086 and subject to such regulations prescribed by the Secretary. The Secretary is further authorized to provide locality-based comparability payments (stated as a percentage) up to the amount of the locality-based comparability payment (stated as a percentage) that would be payable to such personnel under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code if such personnel's official duty station were in the District of Columbia. Leaves of absence for personnel under this subsection shall be on the same basis as that provided under subchapter I of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, or section 903 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, to individuals serving in the Foreign Service. (Transfer of Funds) 213. The Director of the NIH, jointly with the Director of the Office of AIDS Research, may transfer up to 3 percent among institutes and centers from the total amounts identified by these two Directors as funding for research pertaining to the human immunodeficiency virus: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. (Transfer of Funds) 214. Of the amounts made available in this Act for NIH, the amount for research related to the human immunodeficiency virus, as jointly determined by the Director of NIH and the Director of the Office of AIDS Research, shall be made available to the Office of AIDS Research account. The Director of the Office of AIDS Research shall transfer from such account amounts necessary to carry out section 2353(d)(3) of the PHS Act. 215. (a) Authority Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Director of NIH ( Director ) may use funds authorized under section 402(b)(12) of the PHS Act to enter into transactions (other than contracts, cooperative agreements, or grants) to carry out research identified pursuant to or research and activities described in such section 402(b)(12). (b) Peer review In entering into transactions under subsection (a), the Director may utilize such peer review procedures (including consultation with appropriate scientific experts) as the Director determines to be appropriate to obtain assessments of scientific and technical merit. Such procedures shall apply to such transactions in lieu of the peer review and advisory council review procedures that would otherwise be required under sections 301(a)(3), 405(b)(1)(B), 405(b)(2), 406(a)(3)(A), 492, and 494 of the PHS Act. 216. Not to exceed $100,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act to the institutes and centers of the National Institutes of Health may be used for alteration, repair, or improvement of facilities, as necessary for the proper and efficient conduct of the activities authorized herein, at not to exceed $5,000,000 per project. (Transfer of Funds) 217. Of the amounts made available for NIH, 1 percent of the amount made available for National Research Service Awards ( NRSA ) shall be made available to the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration to make NRSA awards for research in primary medical care to individuals affiliated with entities who have received grants or contracts under sections 736, 739, or 747 of the PHS Act, and 1 percent of the amount made available for NRSA shall be made available to the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to make NRSA awards for health service research. 218. (a) The Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority ( BARDA ) may enter into a contract, for more than one but no more than 10 program years, for purchase of research services or of security countermeasures, as that term is defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(c)(1)(B)), if— (1) funds are available and obligated— (A) for the full period of the contract or for the first fiscal year in which the contract is in effect; and (B) for the estimated costs associated with a necessary termination of the contract; and (2) the Secretary determines that a multi-year contract will serve the best interests of the Federal Government by encouraging full and open competition or promoting economy in administration, performance, and operation of BARDA's programs. (b) A contract entered into under this section— (1) shall include a termination clause as described by subsection (c) of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code; and (2) shall be subject to the congressional notice requirement stated in subsection (d) of such section. 219. (a) The Secretary shall publish in the fiscal year 2026 budget justification and on Departmental Web sites information concerning the employment of full-time equivalent Federal employees or contractors for the purposes of implementing, administering, enforcing, or otherwise carrying out the provisions of the ACA, and the amendments made by that Act, in the proposed fiscal year and each fiscal year since the enactment of the ACA. (b) With respect to employees or contractors supported by all funds appropriated for purposes of carrying out the ACA (and the amendments made by that Act), the Secretary shall include, at a minimum, the following information: (1) For each such fiscal year, the section of such Act under which such funds were appropriated, a statement indicating the program, project, or activity receiving such funds, the Federal operating division or office that administers such program, and the amount of funding received in discretionary or mandatory appropriations. (2) For each such fiscal year, the number of full-time equivalent employees or contracted employees assigned to each authorized and funded provision detailed in accordance with paragraph (1). (c) In carrying out this section, the Secretary may exclude from the report employees or contractors who— (1) are supported through appropriations enacted in laws other than the ACA and work on programs that existed prior to the passage of the ACA; (2) spend less than 50 percent of their time on activities funded by or newly authorized in the ACA; or (3) work on contracts for which FTE reporting is not a requirement of their contract, such as fixed-price contracts. 220. The Secretary shall publish, as part of the fiscal year 2026 budget of the President submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, information that details the uses of all funds used by the Centers for MedicareMedicaid Services specifically for Health Insurance Exchanges for each fiscal year since the enactment of the ACA and the proposed uses for such funds for fiscal year 2026. Such information shall include, for each such fiscal year, the amount of funds used for each activity specified under the heading Health Insurance Exchange Transparency in the report accompanying this Act. 221. None of the funds made available by this Act from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund or the Federal Supplemental Medical Insurance Trust Fund, or transferred from other accounts funded by this Act to the Centers for MedicareMedicaid Services—Program Management account, may be used for payments under section 1342(b)(1) of Public Law 111–148 (relating to risk corridors). (Transfer of Funds) 222. (a) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transfer funds appropriated under section 4002 of the ACA to the accounts specified, in the amounts specified, and for the activities specified under the heading Prevention and Public Health Fund in the report accompanying this Act. (b) Notwithstanding section 4002(c) of the ACA, the Secretary may not further transfer these amounts. (c) Funds transferred for activities authorized under section 2821 of the PHS Act shall be made available without reference to section 2821(b) of such Act. 223. Effective during the period beginning on November 1, 2015 and ending January 1, 2027, any provision of law that refers (including through cross-reference to another provision of law) to the current recommendations of the United States Preventive Services Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention shall be administered by the Secretary involved as if— (1) such reference to such current recommendations were a reference to the recommendations of such Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention last issued before 2009; and (2) such recommendations last issued before 2009 applied to any screening mammography modality under section 1861(jj) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1395x(jj) ). (Transfer of Funds) 224. The Director of the NIH may transfer funds for opioid addiction, opioid alternatives, stimulant misuse and addiction, pain management, and addiction treatment to other Institutes and Centers of the NIH to be used for the same purpose 15 days after notifying the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That the transfer authority provided in the previous proviso is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. 225. (a) The Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: (1) Detailed monthly enrollment figures from the Exchanges established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 pertaining to enrollments during the open enrollment period; and (2) Notification of any new or competitive grant awards, including supplements, authorized under section 330 of the Public Health Service Act. (b) The Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate must be notified at least 2 business days in advance of any public release of enrollment information or the award of such grants. 226. In addition to the amounts otherwise available for Centers for MedicareMedicaid Services, Program Management , the Secretary of Health and Human Services may transfer up to $455,000,000 to such account from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund to support program management activity related to the Medicare Program: Provided, That except for the foregoing purpose, such funds may not be used to support any provision of Public Law 111–148 or Public Law 111–152 (or any amendment made by either such Public Law) or to supplant any other amounts within such account. 227. The Department of Health and Human Services shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate a biannual report 30 days after enactment of this Act on staffing described in the report accompanying this Act. 228. Funds appropriated in this Act that are available for salaries and expenses of employees of the Department of Health and Human Services shall also be available to pay travel and related expenses of such an employee or of a member of his or her family, when such employee is assigned to duty, in the United States or in a U.S. territory, during a period and in a location that are the subject of a determination of a public health emergency under section 319 of the Public Health Service Act and such travel is necessary to obtain medical care for an illness, injury, or medical condition that cannot be adequately addressed in that location at that time. For purposes of this section, the term U.S. territory means Guam, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, or the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands. 229. The Department of Health and Human Services may accept donations from the private sector, nongovernmental organizations, and other groups independent of the Federal Government for the care of unaccompanied alien children (as defined in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2) )) in the care of the Office of Refugee Resettlement of the Administration for Children and Families, including medical goods and services, which may include early childhood developmental screenings, school supplies, toys, clothing, and any other items intended to promote the wellbeing of such children. 230. In addition to the existing Congressional notification for formal site assessments of potential influx facilities, the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 15 days before operationalizing an unlicensed facility, and shall (1) specify whether the facility is hard-sided or soft-sided, and (2) provide analysis that indicates that, in the absence of the influx facility, the likely outcome is that unaccompanied alien children will remain in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security for longer than 72 hours or that unaccompanied alien children will be otherwise placed in danger. Within 60 days of bringing such a facility online, and monthly thereafter, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report detailing the total number of children in care at the facility, the average length of stay and average length of care of children at the facility, and, for any child that has been at the facility for more than 60 days, their length of stay and reason for delay in release. 231. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to prevent a United States Senator or Member of the House of Representatives from entering, for the purpose of conducting oversight, any facility in the United States used for the purpose of maintaining custody of, or otherwise housing, unaccompanied alien children (as defined in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2) )), provided that such Senator or Member has coordinated the oversight visit with the Office of Refugee Resettlement not less than two business days in advance to ensure that such visit would not interfere with the operations (including child welfare and child safety operations) of such facility. 232. Not later than 14 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and monthly thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and make publicly available online, a report with respect to children who were separated from their parents or legal guardians by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) (regardless of whether or not such separation was pursuant to an option selected by the children, parents, or guardians), subsequently classified as unaccompanied alien children, and transferred to the care and custody of ORR during the previous month. Each report shall contain the following information: (1) the number and ages of children so separated subsequent to apprehension at or between ports of entry, to be reported by sector where separation occurred; and (2) the documented cause of separation, as reported by DHS when each child was referred. 233. Funds appropriated in this Act that are available for salaries and expenses of employees of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall also be available for the primary and secondary schooling of eligible dependents of personnel stationed in a U.S. territory as defined in section 228 of this Act at costs not in excess of those paid for or reimbursed by the Department of Defense. 234. The Community Services Block Grant Act ( 42 U.S.C. 9901 et seq. ) is amended— (1) in section 675C(a)— (A) in paragraph (2) by striking , subject to paragraph (3) ; and (B) by striking paragraph (3); and (2) in section 680(a)(2) by adding at the end the following: (F) Uses of funds Funds made available to carry out this paragraph may be used for financing construction and rehabilitation, and for loans or investments, in private business enterprises, including those owned by community development corporations. (G) Ownership of intangible property and earnings The Secretary shall establish procedures regarding the disposition of intangible assets and program income that permit such assets acquired with, and program income derived from, grants made under this paragraph, to become the sole property of the grantees after a period of not more than 12 years after the end of the .grant period for any activity consistent with subsection (a)(2)(A). (H) Use of intangible assets Intangible assets in the form of loans, equity investments and other debt instruments, and program income may be used by grantees for any eligible purpose consistent with subsection (a)(2)(A). . (Rescission and Including Transfer of Funds) 235. Of the unobligated balances in the Nonrecurring Expenses Fund established in section 223 of division G of Public Law 110–161 , $2,352,000,000 are hereby rescinded not later than September 30, 2025, except that no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were previously designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided, That from any remaining unobligated balances in such Fund, the Secretary may transfer up to $20,000,000 to General Departmental Management for cybersecurity: Provided further, That, except as otherwise provided in this section, not more than $200,000,000 of any remaining unobligated balances available in such Fund may be obligated pursuant to such section 223 of division G of Public Law 110–161 : Provided further, That the Secretary may obligate funds from such Fund for any program, project, or activity for which a notification was submitted before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may transfer amounts into such Fund: Provided further, That any amounts transferred into such Fund are available for the purposes provided by this section or for which a notification was submitted to such Committees on Appropriations before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the authority to transfer amounts under this section is in addition to any other transfer authority in law. 236. The Director of the NIH shall hereafter have the authority to share investigation reports, conclusions, and results of any investigation of individuals identified as a principal investigator or as key personnel in an NIH notice of award or progress report due to concerns about harassment, bullying, retaliation, or hostile working conditions on an as needed basis with any institution that receives funds through a grant or cooperative agreement or other form of extramural award during fiscal year 2025 or any subsequent fiscal year. The Director may issue regulations consistent with this section. 237. None of the funds made available by this Act to the National Institutes of Health may be used for facilities and administration costs (as defined in section 200.414 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations) that exceed 30 percent of an award to an applicable educational institution that is an organization subject to taxation under section 4968 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 238. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to conduct or support research using human fetal tissue if such tissue is obtained pursuant to an induced abortion. 239. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be made available to a hospital or any other entity that administers any postgraduate physician training program, or any other program of training in the health professions, that provides training in the performance of, or assisting in the performance of, induced abortions, or in counseling or referrals for such abortions, if such program— (1) provides or requires such training for any participant in such program without the participant first voluntarily electing to opt in to undergo such training; or (2) subjects any participant in such program to discrimination on the basis that the participant does not— (A) voluntarily elect to opt in to undergo such training; or (B) perform, assist in the performance of, or provide counseling or referrals for, such abortions. (b) Nothing in this section shall be construed to permit training described in subsection (a) that is not otherwise allowed by law. 240. (a) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available by this Act may be made available either directly, through a State (including through managed care contracts with a State), or through any other means, to a prohibited entity. (b) PROHIBITED ENTITY.—The term prohibited entity means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clinics— (1) that, as of the date of enactment of this Act— (A) is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code; (B) is an essential community provider described in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, reproductive health, and related medical care; and (C) performs, or provides any funds to any other entity that performs, abortions other than an abortion performed— (i) in the case of a pregnancy that is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (ii) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by, or arising from, the pregnancy itself; and (2) for which the total amount of Federal grants to such entity, including grants to any affiliates, subsidiaries, or clinics of such entity, under title X of the Public Health Service Act in fiscal year 2016 exceeded $23,000,000. (c) (1) END OF PROHIBITION.—The definition in subsection (b) shall cease to apply to an entity if such entity certifies that it, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clinics, will not perform, and will not provide any funds to any other entity that performs, an abortion as described in subsection (b)(1)(C). (2) REPAYMENT.—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall seek repayment of any Federal assistance received by any entity that had made a certification described in paragraph (1) and subsequently violated the terms of such certification. 241. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to establish, support, administer, oversee, or issue a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement for the purposes of providing information on, promoting access to, or facilitating an abortion. 242. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require any project under title X of the PHS Act to refer for abortions: Provided, That no provider of services under title X of the PHS Act shall be required to subvert or operate in conflict with any State law limiting referral for abortion/pregnancy counseling. 243. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce Executive Order 14076 (Protecting Access to Reproductive Healthcare Services) or Executive Order 14079 (Securing Access to Reproductive and Other Healthcare Services). 244. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, enforce, or finalize the proposed rule Strengthening Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) as a Safety Net and Work Program , 88 Fed. Reg. 67697 (published on October 2, 2023), or any substantially similar rule. 245. None of the funds made available by this Act, or provided under a previous or subsequent appropriations Act to the Department of Health and Human Services, or provided from any account in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to such Department, may be used to enforce the final rule titled Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Policy and Regulatory Changes to the Omnibus COVID-19 Health Care Staff Vaccination Requirements (86 Fed. Reg. 61555), or any substantially similar rule. 246. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce Executive Order 13988, entitled Preventing and Combating Discrimination on the Basis of Gender Identity or Sexual Orientation, published by the Executive Office of the President on January 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7023). 247. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used for social transitioning, or for drugs or surgery that alter bodily sex traits as interventions for gender dysphoria. 248. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to issue or implement as a final rule the proposed rule entitled Nondiscrimination in Health Programs and Activities published by the Department of Health and Human Services in the Federal Register on August 4, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 47824) (relating to section 1557 of the Affordable Care Act) or any successor or substantially similar rule. 249. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce the final rule entitled Designated Placement Requirements Under Titles IV-E and IV-B for LGBTQI+ Children , 89 Fed. Reg. 34818 (effective July 1, 2024) or any successor or substantially similar rule. 250. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce the final rule entitled Unaccompanied Children Program Foundational Rule , (89 Fed. Reg. 34384 (effective July 1, 2024)) or any successor or substantially similar rule. 251. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to place an unaccompanied alien child with a sponsor in any case where such unaccompanied alien child has been convicted of a crime, or has a pending criminal charge relating to gang affiliation or activity, in the United States or in such unaccompanied alien child’s country of origin or country of last habitual residence. 252. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce the final rule entitled Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Minimum Staffing Standards for Long-Term Care Facilities and Medicaid Institutional Payment Transparency Reporting , (89 Fed. Reg. 40876 (effective June 21, 2024)) or any successor or substantially similar rule. 253. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce the final rule entitled Short-Term, Limited-Duration Insurance and Independent, Noncoordinated Excepted Benefits Coverage , (89 Fed. Reg. 23338 (effective June 17, 2024)) or any successor or substantially similar rule. 254. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce the proposed rule entitled Medicaid Program; Ensuring Access to Medicaid Services , (88 Fed. Reg. 27960 (published May 3, 2023)) insofar as such rule makes changes relating to sections 441.302(k), 441.464(f), 441.570(f), and 441.745(a)(1)(iv) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations. 255. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to declare a public health emergency pursuant to section 319 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 247d ) or any related order that would impede, limit, or restrict a citizen’s Second Amendment rights. 256. Title II of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 202 et seq. ) is amended by inserting after section 245 the following: 245A. Civil action for certain violations (a) In general A qualified party may, in a civil action, obtain appropriate relief with regard to a designated violation. (b) Definitions For purposes of this section: (1) Designated violation The term designated violation means an actual or threatened violation of— (A) section 507(d) of the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 (or any subsequent substantially similar provision); or (B) any funding condition imposed by the Federal Government pursuant to such section 507(d) (or such provision). (2) Qualified party The term qualified party means— (A) the Attorney General of the United States; (B) any attorney general of a State; or (C) any person or entity adversely affected by the designated violation without regard to whether such person or entity is a health care provider. (3) State governmental entity The term State governmental entity means a State, a local government within a State, and any agency or other governmental unit or subdivision of a State, or of such a local government. (c) Administrative remedies not required An action under this section may be commenced, and relief may be granted, without regard to whether the party commencing the action has sought or exhausted any available administrative remedies. (d) Defendants An action under this section may be maintained against a Federal agency committing a designated violation described in subsection (b)(1)(A) or any recipient or subrecipient of Federal assistance committing a designated violation described in subsection (b)(1)(B), including a State governmental entity. (e) Nature of relief In an action under this section, the court shall grant— (1) all appropriate relief, including injunctive relief, declaratory relief, and compensatory damages to prevent the occurrence, continuance, or repetition of the designated violation and to compensate for losses resulting from the designated violation; and (2) to a prevailing plaintiff, reasonable attorneys’ fees and litigation costs. Relief in an action under this section may include money damages even if the defendant is a governmental entity. (f) Abrogation of State Immunity No State or governmental official that commits a designated violation shall be immune under the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, the Eleventh Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, or any other source of law, from an action under subsection (a). . 257. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce the final rule entitled Improving Child Care Access, Affordability, and Stability in the Child Care and Development Fund (CCDF) , (89 Fed. Reg. 15366 (effective April 30, 2024)) insofar as such rule makes changes relating to sections 98.16(z) and 98.30(b)(1) of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. 258. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to place an unaccompanied alien child with an alien sponsor who has not been admitted as defined in paragraph (13) of section 101(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101(a) ) or who is deportable under section 237(a) of such Act. 259. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and National Institutes of Health to fund or carry out any research relating to gunshot injury or mortality prevention that treats crimes committed with a firearm as a public health epidemic, including advocating, promoting, or studying firearm-related restrictions or policies; firearm disenfranchisement, bans, confiscation, or registration, or other gun control measures; and any other restriction on firearms: Provided, That nothing shall prevent the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health from carrying out research on medical procedures, practices, treatments, medicines, and therapies related to gunshot injuries and recovery. This title may be cited as the Department of Health and Human Services Appropriations Act, 2025 . III DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION office of elementary and secondary education education for the disadvantaged (including rescission of funds) For carrying out title I and subpart 2 of part B of title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ESEA ) and section 418A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as HEA ), $15,327,478,000, of which $4,399,178,000 shall become available on July 1, 2025, and shall remain available through September 30, 2026, and of which $10,841,177,000 shall become available on October 1, 2025, and shall remain available through September 30, 2026, for academic year 2025–2026: Provided, That $3,614,089,000 shall be for basic grants under section 1124 of the ESEA: Provided further, That up to $5,000,000 of these funds shall be available to the Secretary of Education (referred to in this title as Secretary ) on October 1, 2024, to obtain annually updated local educational agency-level census poverty data from the Bureau of the Census: Provided further, That $1,362,301,000 shall be for concentration grants under section 1124A of the ESEA: Provided further, That $4,825,050,000 shall be for targeted grants under section 1125 of the ESEA: Provided further, That $4,825,050,000 shall be for education finance incentive grants under section 1125A of the ESEA: Provided further, That $224,000,000 shall be for carrying out subpart 2 of part B of title II: Provided further, That $52,123,000 shall be for carrying out section 418A of the HEA: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading on October 1, 2024, by Public Law 118–47 , $938,266,000 are hereby rescinded. Impact Aid For carrying out programs of financial assistance to federally affected schools authorized by title VII of the ESEA, $1,630,000,000, of which $1,477,000,000 shall be for basic support payments under section 7003(b), $49,000,000 shall be for payments for children with disabilities under section 7003(d), $19,000,000 to remain available through September 30, 2026, shall be for construction under section 7007(b), $80,165,000 shall be for Federal property payments under section 7002, and $4,835,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for facilities maintenance under section 7008: Provided, That for purposes of computing the amount of a payment for an eligible local educational agency under section 7003(a) for school year 2024–2025, children enrolled in a school of such agency that would otherwise be eligible for payment under section 7003(a)(1)(B) of such Act, but due to the deployment of both parents or legal guardians, or a parent or legal guardian having sole custody of such children, or due to the death of a military parent or legal guardian while on active duty (so long as such children reside on Federal property as described in section 7003(a)(1)(B)), are no longer eligible under such section, shall be considered as eligible students under such section, provided such students remain in average daily attendance at a school in the same local educational agency they attended prior to their change in eligibility status. School Improvement Programs (including rescission of funds) For carrying out school improvement activities authorized by part B of title I, part A of title II, subpart 1 of part A of title IV, part B of title IV, part B of title V, and parts B and C of title VI of the ESEA; the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act; section 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002; and the Civil Rights Act of 1964, $4,845,964,000, of which $3,073,673,000 shall become available on July 1, 2025, and remain available through September 30, 2026, and of which $1,681,441,000 shall become available on October 1, 2025, and shall remain available through September 30, 2026, for academic year 2025–2026: Provided, That $1,329,673,000 shall be for part B of title IV: Provided further, That $45,897,000 shall be for part B of title VI, which may be used for construction, renovation, and modernization of any public elementary school, secondary school, or structure related to a public elementary school or secondary school that serves a predominantly Native Hawaiian student body, and that the 5 percent limitation in section 6205(b) of the ESEA on the use of funds for administrative purposes shall apply only to direct administrative costs: Provided further, That $44,953,000 shall be for part C of title VI, which shall be awarded on a competitive basis, and may be used for construction, and that the 5 percent limitation in section 6305 of the ESEA on the use of funds for administrative purposes shall apply only to direct administrative costs: Provided further, That $225,000,000 shall be for part B of title V: Provided further, That in carrying out such part B, the percentage in section 316(b)(1)(E) of title III of division H of Public Law 116–260 shall be deemed to be 80 percent: Provided further, That $1,390,000,000 shall be available for grants under subpart 1 of part A of title IV: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading on October 1, 2024, by Public Law 118–47 , $1,681,441,000 are hereby rescinded. Safe Schools and Citizenship Education For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 2 and 3 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $291,000,000, to remain available through December 31, 2025: Provided, That $216,000,000 shall be available for section 4631, of which up to $10,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the Project School Emergency Response to Violence (Project SERV) program: Provided further, That $75,000,000 shall be available for section 4625. Indian Education For expenses necessary to carry out, to the extent not otherwise provided, title VI, part A of the ESEA, $202,246,000, of which $72,000,000 shall be for subpart 2 of part A of title VI and $19,865,000 shall be for subpart 3 of part A of title VI: Provided, That the 5 percent limitation in sections 6115(d), 6121(e), and 6133(g) of the ESEA on the use of funds for administrative purposes shall apply only to direct administrative costs: Provided further, That grants awarded under sections 6132 and 6133 of the ESEA with funds provided under this heading may be for a period of up to 5 years. Innovation and Improvement For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 1, 3, and 4 of part B of title II, and parts C, D, and E and subparts 1 and 4 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $892,000,000: Provided, That $3,000,000 shall be for subparts 1, 3 and 4 of part B of title II and shall be made available without regard to sections 2201, 2231(b) and 2241: Provided further, That $630,000,000 shall be for parts C, D, and E and subpart 4 of part F of title IV, and shall be made available without regard to sections 4311, 4409(a), and 4601 of the ESEA: Provided further, That section 4303(d)(3)(A)(i) shall not apply to the funds available for part C of title IV: Provided further, That of the funds available for part C of title IV, the Secretary shall use not less than $65,000,000 to carry out section 4304, not more than $140,000,000, to remain available through March 31, 2026, to carry out section 4305(b), from which the amount necessary for continuation grants may be available for obligation through March 31, 2026, and not more than $16,000,000 to carry out the activities in section 4305(a)(3): Provided further, That the Secretary shall allow entities receiving grants under section 4303 to use up to 10 percent of such grants for activities described in section 4303(b)(2) and up to 5 percent for the activities described in section 4303(c)(1)(C): Provided further, That notwithstanding section 4601(b), $259,000,000 shall be available through December 31, 2025 for subpart 1 of part F of title IV. office of special education and rehabilitative services Special Education For carrying out the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) and the Special Olympics Sport and Empowerment Act of 2004, $15,497,264,000, of which $5,915,321,000 shall become available on July 1, 2025, and shall remain available through September 30, 2026, and of which $9,283,383,000 shall become available on October 1, 2025, and shall remain available through September 30, 2026, for academic year 2025–2026: Provided, That the amount for section 611(b)(2) of the IDEA shall be equal to the lesser of the amount available for that activity during fiscal year 2024, increased by the amount of inflation as specified in section 619(d)(2)(B) of the IDEA, or the percent change in the funds appropriated under section 611(i) of the IDEA, but not less than the amount for that activity during fiscal year 2024: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, without regard to section 611(d) of the IDEA, distribute to all other States (as that term is defined in section 611(g)(2)), subject to the third proviso, any amount by which a State's allocation under section 611, from funds appropriated under this heading, is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B), according to the following: 85 percent on the basis of the States' relative populations of children aged 3 through 21 who are of the same age as children with disabilities for whom the State ensures the availability of a free appropriate public education under this part, and 15 percent to States on the basis of the States' relative populations of those children who are living in poverty: Provided further, That the Secretary may not distribute any funds under the previous proviso to any State whose reduction in allocation from funds appropriated under this heading made funds available for such a distribution: Provided further, That the States shall allocate such funds distributed under the second proviso to local educational agencies in accordance with section 611(f): Provided further, That the amount by which a State’s allocation under section 611(d) of the IDEA is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B) and the amounts distributed to States under the previous provisos in fiscal year 2012 or any subsequent year shall not be considered in calculating the awards under section 611(d) for fiscal year 2013 or for any subsequent fiscal years: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the provision in section 612(a)(18)(B) regarding the fiscal year in which a State’s allocation under section 611(d) is reduced for failure to comply with the requirement of section 612(a)(18)(A), the Secretary may apply the reduction specified in section 612(a)(18)(B) over a period of consecutive fiscal years, not to exceed 5, until the entire reduction is applied: Provided further, That the Secretary may, in any fiscal year in which a State's allocation under section 611 is reduced in accordance with section 612(a)(18)(B), reduce the amount a State may reserve under section 611(e)(1) by an amount that bears the same relation to the maximum amount described in that paragraph as the reduction under section 612(a)(18)(B) bears to the total allocation the State would have received in that fiscal year under section 611(d) in the absence of the reduction: Provided further, That the Secretary shall either reduce the allocation of funds under section 611 for any fiscal year following the fiscal year for which the State fails to comply with the requirement of section 612(a)(18)(A) as authorized by section 612(a)(18)(B), or seek to recover funds under section 452 of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1234a ): Provided further, That the funds reserved under 611(c) of the IDEA may be used to provide technical assistance to States to improve the capacity of the States to meet the data collection requirements of sections 616 and 618 and to administer and carry out other services and activities to improve data collection, coordination, quality, and use under parts B and C of the IDEA: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds made available for the State Personnel Development Grants program under part D, subpart 1 of IDEA to evaluate program performance under such subpart: Provided further, That States may use funds reserved for other State-level activities under sections 611(e)(2) and 619(f) of the IDEA to make subgrants to local educational agencies, institutions of higher education, other public agencies, and private non-profit organizations to carry out activities authorized by those sections: Provided further, That, notwithstanding section 643(e)(2)(A) of the IDEA, if 5 or fewer States apply for grants pursuant to section 643(e) of such Act, the Secretary shall provide a grant to each State in an amount equal to the maximum amount described in section 643(e)(2)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That if more than 5 States apply for grants pursuant to section 643(e) of the IDEA, the Secretary shall award funds to those States on the basis of the States' relative populations of infants and toddlers except that no such State shall receive a grant in excess of the amount described in section 643(e)(2)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That States may use funds allotted under section 643(c) of the IDEA to make subgrants to local educational agencies, institutions of higher education, other public agencies, and private non-profit organizations to carry out activities authorized by section 638 of IDEA: Provided further, That, notwithstanding section 638 of the IDEA, a State may use funds it receives under section 633 of the IDEA to offer continued early intervention services to a child who previously received services under part C of the IDEA from age 3 until the beginning of the school year following the child’s third birthday with parental consent and without regard to the procedures in section 635(c) of the IDEA. Rehabilitation Services (Including Rescission of Funds) For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Helen Keller National Center Act, $4,533,156,000, of which $4,389,957,000 shall be for grants for vocational rehabilitation services under title I of the Rehabilitation Act: Provided, Notwithstanding amounts made available for vocational rehabilitation services by this Act and notwithstanding sections 100(b)(1) and 100(c)(2) of the Rehabilitation Act, each State shall be entitled to an allotment equal to the amount such State received pursuant to such section 110(a) of the Rehabilitation Act for fiscal year 2024, prior to the application of any additions or reductions under section 110(b) or section 111(a)(2)(B): Provided further, That, of such amounts made available under this heading in this Act, $415,000,000 is hereby rescinded: Provided further, That, for fiscal year 2026, each State shall be entitled to an allotment pursuant to section 110(b) of the Rehabilitation Act that shall be calculated as if the two preceding provisos were not in effect for fiscal year 2025. Special Institutions for Persons With Disabilities AMERICAN PRINTING HOUSE FOR THE BLIND For carrying out the Act to Promote the Education of the Blind of March 3, 1879, $44,431,000. NATIONAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE FOR THE DEAF For the National Technical Institute for the Deaf under titles I and II of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986, $93,000,000: Provided, That from the total amount available, the Institute may at its discretion use funds for the endowment program as authorized under section 207 of such Act. GALLAUDET UNIVERSITY For the Kendall Demonstration Elementary School, the Model Secondary School for the Deaf, and the partial support of Gallaudet University under titles I and II of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986, $168,361,000, of which up to $15,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for construction, as defined by section 201(2) of such Act: Provided, That from the total amount available, the University may at its discretion use funds for the endowment program as authorized under section 207 of such Act. office of career, technical, and adult education Career, Technical, and Adult Education For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 ( Perkins Act ) and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act ( AEFLA ), $2,186,436,000, of which $1,395,436,000 shall become available on July 1, 2025, and shall remain available through September 30, 2026, and of which $791,000,000 shall become available on October 1, 2025, and shall remain available through September 30, 2026: Provided, That of the amounts made available for AEFLA, $13,712,000 shall be for national leadership activities under section 242. office of postsecondary education Higher education For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, titles II, III, IV, V, VI, VII, and VIII of the HEA, the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961, and section 117 of the Perkins Act, $2,849,272,000, of which $100,000,000 shall remain available through December 31, 2025: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this Act to carry out title VI of the HEA and section 102(b)(6) of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 may be used to support visits and study in foreign countries by individuals who are participating in advanced foreign language training and international studies in areas that are vital to United States national security and who plan to apply their language skills and knowledge of these countries in the fields of government, the professions, or international development: Provided further, That of the funds referred to in the preceding proviso up to 1 percent may be used for program evaluation, national outreach, and information dissemination activities: Provided further, That up to 1.5 percent of the funds made available under chapter 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the HEA may be used for evaluation: Provided further, That section 313(d) of the HEA shall not apply to an institution of higher education that is eligible to receive funding under section 318 of the HEA: Provided further, That amounts made available for carrying out section 419N of the HEA may be awarded notwithstanding the limitations in section 419N(b)(2) of the HEA: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this Act to carry out part B of title III of the HEA, $10,000,000 shall be for grants to supplement amounts awarded to part B institutions that are junior or community colleges, as defined in section 312(f) of the HEA: Provided further, That the supplemental funds described in the preceding proviso are in addition to any grant award that any institution may receive under section 323 of the HEA and shall be allocated in accordance with the allotments specified under section 324 of such Act. Howard university For partial support of Howard University, $253,928,000, of which not less than $3,405,000 shall be for a matching endowment grant pursuant to the Howard University Endowment Act and shall remain available until expended. College housing and academic facilities loans program For Federal administrative expenses to carry out activities related to existing facility loans pursuant to section 121 of the HEA, $298,000. Historically black college and university capital financing program account For the cost of guaranteed loans, $20,150,000, as authorized pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, which shall remain available through September 30, 2026: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $344,444,444: Provided further, That these funds may be used to support loans to public and private Historically Black Colleges and Universities without regard to the limitations within section 344(a) of the HEA. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the Historically Black College and University Capital Financing Program entered into pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, $528,000. office of federal student aid Student Financial Assistance For carrying out subparts 1, 3, and 10 of part A, and part C of title IV of the HEA, $23,545,352,000 which shall remain available through September 30, 2026. The maximum Pell Grant for which a student shall be eligible during award year 2025–2026 shall be $6,335. Student aid administration For Federal administrative expenses to carry out part D of title I, and subparts 1, 3, 9, and 10 of part A, and parts B, C, D, and E of title IV of the HEA, and subpart 1 of part A of title VII of the Public Health Service Act, $1,529,472,000, to remain available through September 30, 2026: Provided, That the Secretary shall allocate new student loan borrower accounts to eligible student loan servicers on the basis of their past performance compared to all loan servicers utilizing established common metrics, and on the basis of the capacity of each servicer to process new and existing accounts: Provided further, That in order to promote accountability and high-quality service to borrowers, the Secretary shall not award funding for any contract solicitation for a new Federal student loan servicing environment, including the solicitation for the Federal Student Aid (FSA) Next Generation Processing and Servicing Environment, unless such an environment provides for the participation of multiple student loan servicers that contract directly with the Department of Education to manage a unique portfolio of borrower accounts and the full life-cycle of loans from disbursement to pay-off with certain limited exceptions, and allocates student loan borrower accounts to eligible student loan servicers based on performance: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide quarterly briefings to the Committees on Appropriations and Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Appropriations and Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate on general progress related to implementation of Federal student loan servicing contracts: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, FSA shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this account for fiscal year 2025 and provide quarterly updates on this plan (including contracts awarded, change orders, bonuses paid to staff, reorganization costs, and any other activity carried out using amounts provided under this heading for fiscal year 2025) no later than 10 days prior to the start of such quarter. Institute of education sciences For necessary expenses for the Institute of Education Sciences as authorized by section 208 of the Department of Education Organization Act and carrying out activities authorized by the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act, section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, and section 664 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, $740,373,000, which shall remain available through September 30, 2026: Provided, That funds available to carry out section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act may be used to link Statewide elementary and secondary data systems with early childhood, postsecondary, and workforce data systems, or to further develop such systems: Provided further, That up to $6,000,000 of the funds available to carry out section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act may be used for awards to public or private organizations or agencies to support activities to improve data coordination, quality, and use at the local, State, and national levels. Departmental management PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Department of Education Organization Act, including rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and hire of three passenger motor vehicles, $210,907,000: Provided, That none of the funds provided by this Act may be used to support a number of non-career employees that is above the number of non-career employees as of December 31, 2022. OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, as authorized by section 203 of the Department of Education Organization Act, $130,000,000. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General, as authorized by section 212 of the Department of Education Organization Act, $67,500,000, of which $3,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2026. General provisions 301. No funds appropriated in this Act may be used to prevent the implementation of programs of voluntary prayer and meditation in the public schools. (Transfer of Funds) 302. Not to exceed 1 percent of any discretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the Department of Education in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 303. Funds appropriated in this Act and consolidated for evaluation purposes under section 8601(c) of the ESEA shall be available from July 1, 2025, through September 30, 2026. 304. (a) An institution of higher education that maintains an endowment fund supported with funds appropriated for title III or V of the HEA for fiscal year 2025 may use the income from that fund to award scholarships to students, subject to the limitation in section 331(c)(3)(B)(i) of the HEA. The use of such income for such purposes, prior to the enactment of this Act, shall be considered to have been an allowable use of that income, subject to that limitation. (b) Subsection (a) shall be in effect until titles III and V of the HEA are reauthorized. 305. Section 114(f) of the HEA ( 20 U.S.C. 1011c(f) ) shall be applied by substituting 2025 for 2021 . 306. Section 458(a)(4) of the HEA ( 20 U.S.C. 1087h(a) ) shall be applied by substituting 2025 for 2021 . 307. Funds appropriated in this Act under the heading Student Aid Administration may be available for payments for student loan servicing to an institution of higher education that services outstanding Federal Perkins Loans under part E of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1087aa et seq. ). 308. The Secretary may reserve not more than 0.5 percent from any amount made available in this Act for an HEA program, except for any amounts made available for subpart 1 of part A of title IV of the HEA, to carry out rigorous and independent evaluations and to collect and analyze outcome data for any program authorized by the HEA: Provided, That no funds made available in this Act for the Student Aid Administration account shall be subject to the reservation under this section: Provided further, That any funds reserved under this section shall be available through September 30, 2027: Provided further, That if, under any other provision of law, funds are authorized to be reserved or used for evaluation activities with respect to a program or project, the Secretary may also reserve funds for such program or project for the purposes described in this section so long as the total reservation of funds for such program or project does not exceed any statutory limits on such reservations: Provided further, That not later than 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds reserved under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a plan that identifies the source and amount of funds reserved under this section, the impact on program grantees if funds are withheld for the purposes of this section, and the activities to be carried out with such funds. (Including Transfer of Funds) 309. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for Institute of Education Sciences , up to $20,000,000 shall be available for the Secretary of Education ( the Secretary ) to provide support services to the Institute of Education Sciences (including, but not limited to information technology services, lease or procurement of office space, human resource services, financial management services, financial systems support, budget formulation and execution, legal counsel, equal employment opportunity services, physical security, facilities management, acquisition and contract management, grants administration and policy, and enterprise risk management): Provided, That the Secretary shall calculate the actual amounts obligated and expended for such support services by using a standard Department of Education methodology for allocating the cost of all such support services: Provided further, That the Secretary may transfer any amounts available for IES support services in excess of actual amounts needed for IES support services, as so calculated, to the Program Administration account from the Institute of Education Sciences account: Provided further, That in order to address any shortfall between amounts available for IES support services and amounts needed for IES support services, as so calculated, the Secretary may transfer necessary amounts to the Institute of Education Sciences account from the Program Administration account: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 14 days in advance of any transfer made pursuant to this section. (RESCISSION) 310. Of the unobligated balances from amounts made available in this or prior Acts under the heading Institute of Education Sciences , $25,000,000 are hereby rescinded not later than September 30, 2025. (Rescission and Including Transfer of Funds) 311. Of the unobligated balances in the Department of Education Nonrecurring Expenses Fund established in section 313 of division H of Public Law 116–260 , $76,000,000 are hereby rescinded not later than September 30, 2025: Provided, That from any remaining unobligated balances in such Fund, the Secretary may transfer up to $43,000,000 to Howard University for completion of the Howard University hospital, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That, except as otherwise provided in this section, not more than $75,000,000 of any remaining unobligated balances available in such Fund may be obligated pursuant to such section 313 of division H of Public Law 116–260 : Provided further, That the Secretary may obligate funds from such Fund for any program, project, or activity for which a notification was submitted before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may transfer amounts into such Fund: Provided further, That any amounts transferred into such Fund are available for the purposes provided by this section or for which a notification was submitted to such Committees on Appropriations before the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the authority to transfer amounts under this section is in addition to any other transfer authority in law. 312. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide financial assistance to an educational institution that allows an individual whose sex is male to participate in an athletic program or activity that is designated for women or girls. For the purpose of this section, the term sex means the reproductive biology and genetics of an individual as determined solely at birth. 313. None of the funds provided in this Act to the Department of Education, or provided under a previous or subsequent appropriations Act to such Department, may be used to enforce any of the following rules or interpretations related to title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C.1681-1688): (1) The final rule titled, Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Sex in Education Programs or Activities Receiving Federal Financial Assistance , 89 Fed. Reg. 33474 (effective August 1, 2024). (2) The proposed rule titled, Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Sex in Education Programs or Activities Receiving Federal Financial Assistance: Sex-Related Eligibility Criteria for Male and Female Athletic Teams , (88 Fed. Reg. 22860; published April 13, 2023). (3) The notice of interpretation titled, Enforcement of Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 With Respect to Discrimination Based on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity in Light of Bostock v. Clayton County , (86 Fed. Reg. 32637; published June 22, 2021). (4) Any substantially similar rule or interpretation. 314. None of the funds made available under this Act may be provided to any public institution of higher education that denies to a religious student organization any right, benefit, or privilege that is otherwise afforded to other student organizations at the institution (including full access to the facilities of the institution and official recognition of the organization by the institution) because of the religious beliefs, practices, speech, leadership standards, or standards of conduct of the religious student organization. 315. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) implement the modifications of statutory and regulatory provisions relating to debt discharge described by the Department of Education in the Federal Register on October 12, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 61514), or take any substantially similar action; (2) implement, administer, or enforce section 682.215 and section 685 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to income-based repayment and income-driven repayment), as amended by the final regulations published by the Department of Education in the Federal Register on July 10, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 43820 et seq.) or take any substantially similar action; (3) implement, administer, or enforce section 685.401 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to borrower defense to repayment), as amended by the final regulations published by the Department of Education in the Federal Register on November 1, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 65904 et seq.) or take any substantially similar action; (4) implement, administer, or enforce section 668.28 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to the 90/10 rule), as added or amended by the final regulations published by the Department of Education in the Federal Register on October 28, 2022 (87 Fed. Reg. 65426 et. seq.) or take any substantially similar action; or (5) implement, administer, or enforce sections 600.10, 600.21, 668.2, 668.13, 668.43, 668.91, 668.402 through 668.409 (excluding section 668.408), and 668.601 through 668.606 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to financial value transparency and gainful employment), as added or amended by the final regulations published by the Department of Education in the Federal Register on October 10, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 70004 et. seq.) or take any substantially similar action. This title may be cited as the Department of Education Appropriations Act, 2025 . IV RELATED AGENCIES Committee for purchase from people who are blind or severely disabled Salaries and Expenses For expenses necessary for the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled (referred to in this title as the Committee ) established under section 8502 of title 41, United States Code, $13,124,000: Provided, That in order to authorize any central nonprofit agency designated pursuant to section 8503(c) of title 41, United States Code, to perform requirements of the Committee as prescribed under section 51–3.2 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, the Committee shall enter into a written agreement with any such central nonprofit agency: Provided further, That such agreement shall contain such auditing, oversight, and reporting provisions as necessary to implement chapter 85 of title 41, United States Code: Provided further, That such agreement shall include the elements listed under the heading Committee For Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled—Written Agreement Elements in the explanatory statement described in section 4 of Public Law 114–113 (in the matter preceding division A of that consolidated Act): Provided further, That any such central nonprofit agency may not charge a fee under section 51–3.5 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, prior to executing a written agreement with the Committee: Provided further, That no less than $3,150,000 shall be available for the Office of Inspector General. Corporation for national and community service OPERATING EXPENSES For necessary expenses for the Corporation for National and Community Service (referred to in this title as CNCS ) to carry out the Domestic Volunteer Service Act of 1973 (referred to in this title as 1973 Act ) and the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (referred to in this title as 1990 Act ), $361,158,000, notwithstanding sections 198B(b)(3), 198S(g), 501(a)(4)(C), and 501(a)(4)(F) of the 1990 Act: Provided, That of the amounts provided under this heading: (1) up to 1 percent of program grant funds may be used to defray the costs of conducting grant application reviews, including the use of outside peer reviewers and electronic management of the grants cycle; and (2) $55,105,000 shall be for the Retired Senior Volunteer Program: Provided further, That for the purposes of carrying out the 1990 Act, satisfying the requirements in section 122(c)(1)(D) may include a determination of need by the local community. SALARIES AND EXPENSES For necessary expenses of administration as provided under section 501(a)(5) of the 1990 Act and under section 504(a) of the 1973 Act, including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of passenger motor vehicles, the rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, the employment of experts and consultants authorized under 5 U.S.C. 3109 , and not to exceed $1,250 for official reception and representation expenses, $79,686,000. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, $8,595,000, of which $2,000,000 shall be available until expended. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 401. CNCS shall make any significant changes to program requirements, service delivery or policy only through public notice and comment rulemaking. For fiscal year 2025, during any grant selection process, an officer or employee of CNCS shall not knowingly disclose any covered grant selection information regarding such selection, directly or indirectly, to any person other than an officer or employee of CNCS that is authorized by CNCS to receive such information. 402. AmeriCorps programs receiving grants under the National Service Trust program shall meet an overall minimum share requirement of 24 percent for the first 3 years that they receive AmeriCorps funding, and thereafter shall meet the overall minimum share requirement as provided in section 2521.60 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, without regard to the operating costs match requirement in section 121(e) or the member support Federal share limitations in section 140 of the 1990 Act, and subject to partial waiver consistent with section 2521.70 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. 403. Donations made to CNCS under section 196 of the 1990 Act for the purposes of financing programs and operations under titles I and II of the 1973 Act or subtitle B, C, D, or E of title I of the 1990 Act shall be used to supplement and not supplant current programs and operations. 404. In addition to the requirements in section 146(a) of the 1990 Act, use of an educational award for the purpose described in section 148(a)(4) shall be limited to individuals who are veterans as defined under section 101 of the Act. 405. For the purpose of carrying out section 189D of the 1990 Act— (1) entities described in paragraph (a) of such section shall be considered qualified entities under section 3 of the National Child Protection Act of 1993 ( NCPA ); (2) individuals described in such section shall be considered volunteers under section 3 of NCPA; and (3) State Commissions on National and Community Service established pursuant to section 178 of the 1990 Act, are authorized to receive criminal history record information, consistent with Public Law 92–544 . 406. Notwithstanding sections 139(b), 146, and 147 of the 1990 Act, an individual who successfully completes a term of service of not less than 1,200 hours during a period of not more than one year may receive a national service education award having a value of 70 percent of the value of a national service education award determined under section 147(a) of the Act. 407. Section 148(f)(2)(A)(i) of the 1990 Act shall be applied by substituting an approved national service position for a national service program that receives grants under subtitle C . (RESCISSION) 408. Of the unobligated balances available in the National Service Trust established in section 102 of the National and Community Service Trust Act of 1993, $140,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded, except that no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were previously designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. Federal mediation and conciliation service Salaries and Expenses For expenses necessary for the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service ( Service ) to carry out the functions vested in it by the Labor-Management Relations Act, 1947, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; for expenses necessary for the Labor-Management Cooperation Act of 1978; and for expenses necessary for the Service to carry out the functions vested in it by the Civil Service Reform Act, $53,705,000: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 , fees charged, up to full-cost recovery, for special training activities and other conflict resolution services and technical assistance, including those provided to foreign governments and international organizations, and for arbitration services shall be credited to and merged with this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That fees for arbitration services shall be available only for education, training, and professional development of the agency workforce: Provided further, That the Director of the Service is authorized to accept and use on behalf of the United States gifts of services and real, personal, or other property in the aid of any projects or functions within the Director's jurisdiction. Federal mine safety and health review commission Salaries and Expenses For expenses necessary for the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, $18,012,000. Institute of museum and library services OFFICE OF MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES: GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION For carrying out the Museum and Library Services Act of 1996 and the National Museum of African American History and Culture Act, $249,515,000. Medicaid and chip payment and access commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary to carry out section 1900 of the Social Security Act, $9,405,000. Medicare payment advisory commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary to carry out section 1805 of the Social Security Act, $14,477,000, to be transferred to this appropriation from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. National council on disability SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the National Council on Disability as authorized by title IV of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, $3,850,000. National labor relations board SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the National Labor Relations Board to carry out the functions vested in it by the Labor-Management Relations Act, 1947, and other laws, $200,000,000: Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be available to organize or assist in organizing agricultural laborers or used in connection with investigations, hearings, directives, or orders concerning bargaining units composed of agricultural laborers as referred to in section 2(3) of the Act of July 5, 1935, and as amended by the Labor-Management Relations Act, 1947, and as defined in section 3(f) of the Act of June 25, 1938, and including in said definition employees engaged in the maintenance and operation of ditches, canals, reservoirs, and waterways when maintained or operated on a mutual, nonprofit basis and at least 95 percent of the water stored or supplied thereby is used for farming purposes. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 409. None of the funds provided by this Act or previous Acts making appropriations for the National Labor Relations Board may be used to issue any new administrative directive or regulation that would provide employees any means of voting through any electronic means in an election to determine a representative for the purposes of collective bargaining. 410. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer, implement, or enforce the rule entitled Standard for Determining Joint Employer Status , (88 Fed. Reg. 73946 (effective February 26, 2024)). National Mediation Board SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the Railway Labor Act, including emergency boards appointed by the President, $15,113,000. Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission SALARIES AND EXPENSES For expenses necessary for the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, $15,449,000. Railroad Retirement Board DUAL BENEFITS PAYMENTS ACCOUNT For payment to the Dual Benefits Payments Account, authorized under section 15(d) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974, $7,000,000, which shall include amounts becoming available in fiscal year 2025 pursuant to section 224(c)(1)(B) of Public Law 98–76 ; and in addition, an amount, not to exceed 2 percent of the amount provided herein, shall be available proportional to the amount by which the product of recipients and the average benefit received exceeds the amount available for payment of vested dual benefits: Provided, That the total amount provided herein shall be credited in 12 approximately equal amounts on the first day of each month in the fiscal year. FEDERAL PAYMENTS TO THE RAILROAD RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS For payment to the accounts established in the Treasury for the payment of benefits under the Railroad Retirement Act for interest earned on unnegotiated checks, $150,000, to remain available through September 30, 2026, which shall be the maximum amount available for payment pursuant to section 417 of Public Law 98–76 . LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATION For necessary expenses for the Railroad Retirement Board ( Board ) for administration of the Railroad Retirement Act and the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act, $100,000,000, to be derived in such amounts as determined by the Board from the railroad retirement accounts and from moneys credited to the railroad unemployment insurance administration fund: Provided, That notwithstanding section 7(b)(9) of the Railroad Retirement Act this limitation may be used to hire attorneys only through the excepted service: Provided further, That the previous proviso shall not change the status under Federal employment laws of any attorney hired by the Railroad Retirement Board prior to January 1, 2013: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 7(b)(9) of the Railroad Retirement Act, this limitation may be used to hire students attending qualifying educational institutions or individuals who have recently completed qualifying educational programs using current excepted hiring authorities established by the Office of Personnel Management. LIMITATION ON THE OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General for audit, investigatory and review activities, as authorized by the Inspector General Act of 1978, not more than $14,000,000, to be derived from the railroad retirement accounts and railroad unemployment insurance account. Social Security Administration PAYMENTS TO SOCIAL SECURITY TRUST FUNDS For payment to the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund, as provided under sections 201(m) and 1131(b)(2) of the Social Security Act, $15,000,000. SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME PROGRAM For carrying out titles XI and XVI of the Social Security Act, section 401 of Public Law 92–603 , section 212 of Public Law 93–66 , as amended, and section 405 of Public Law 95–216 , including payment to the Social Security trust funds for administrative expenses incurred pursuant to section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act, $46,159,083,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That any portion of the funds provided to a State in the current fiscal year and not obligated by the State during that year shall be returned to the Treasury: Provided further, That not more than $91,000,000 shall be available for research and demonstrations under sections 1110, 1115, and 1144 of the Social Security Act, and remain available through September 30, 2027. For making, after June 15 of the current fiscal year, benefit payments to individuals under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for unanticipated costs incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. For making benefit payments under title XVI of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026, $22,100,000,000, to remain available until expended. LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES (Including Transfer of Funds) For necessary expenses, including the hire and purchase of two passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $20,000 for official reception and representation expenses, not more than $13,654,776,000 may be expended, as authorized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act, from any one or all of the trust funds referred to in such section: Provided, That not less than $2,700,000 shall be for the Social Security Advisory Board: Provided further, That unobligated balances of funds provided under this paragraph at the end of fiscal year 2025 not needed for fiscal year 2025 shall remain available until expended to invest in the Social Security Administration information technology and telecommunications hardware and software infrastructure, including related equipment and non-payroll administrative expenses associated solely with this information technology and telecommunications infrastructure: Provided further, That the Commissioner of Social Security shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to making unobligated balances available under the authority in the previous proviso: Provided further, That reimbursement to the trust funds under this heading for expenditures for official time for employees of the Social Security Administration pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 7131 , and for facilities or support services for labor organizations pursuant to policies, regulations, or procedures referred to in section 7135(b) of such title shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury, with interest, from amounts in the general fund not otherwise appropriated, as soon as possible after such expenditures are made. From funds provided under the first paragraph under this heading, not more than $1,903,000,000, to remain available through March 31, 2026, is for the costs associated with continuing disability reviews under titles II and XVI of the Social Security Act, including work-related continuing disability reviews to determine whether earnings derived from services demonstrate an individual's ability to engage in substantial gainful activity, for the cost associated with conducting redeterminations of eligibility under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for the cost of co-operative disability investigation units, and for the cost associated with the prosecution of fraud in the programs and operations of the Social Security Administration by Special Assistant United States Attorneys: Provided, That, of such amount, $273,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(B)(ii)(III) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and $1,630,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That, of the additional new budget authority described in the preceding proviso, up to $20,000,000 may be transferred to the Office of Inspector General , Social Security Administration, for the cost of jointly operated co-operative disability investigation units: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That the Commissioner shall provide to the Congress (at the conclusion of the fiscal year) a report on the obligation and expenditure of these funds, similar to the reports that were required by section 103(d)(2) of Public Law 104–121 for fiscal years 1996 through 2002: Provided further, That none of the funds described in this paragraph shall be available for transfer or reprogramming except as specified in this paragraph. In addition, $170,000,000 to be derived from administration fees in excess of $5.00 per supplementary payment collected pursuant to section 1616(d) of the Social Security Act or section 212(b)(3) of Public Law 93–66 , which shall remain available until expended: Provided, That to the extent that the amounts collected pursuant to such sections in fiscal year 2025 exceed $170,000,000, the amounts shall be available in fiscal year 2026 only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts. In addition, up to $1,000,000 to be derived from fees collected pursuant to section 303(c) of the Social Security Protection Act, which shall remain available until expended. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL (Including Transfer of Funds) For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $32,000,000, together with not to exceed $82,665,000, to be transferred and expended as authorized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund: Provided, That $2,000,000 shall remain available until expended for information technology modernization, including related hardware and software infrastructure and equipment, and for administrative expenses directly associated with information technology modernization. In addition, an amount not to exceed 3 percent of the total provided in this appropriation may be transferred from the Limitation on Administrative Expenses , Social Security Administration, to be merged with this account, to be available for the time and purposes for which this account is available: Provided, That notice of such transfers shall be transmitted promptly to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. V GENERAL PROVISIONS (Transfer of Funds) 501. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education are authorized to transfer unexpended balances of prior appropriations to accounts corresponding to current appropriations provided in this Act. Such transferred balances shall be used for the same purpose, and for the same periods of time, for which they were originally appropriated. 502. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. 503. (a) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative relationships, for publicity or propaganda purposes, for the preparation, distribution, or use of any kit, pamphlet, booklet, publication, electronic communication, radio, television, or video presentation designed to support or defeat the enactment of legislation before the Congress or any State or local legislature or legislative body, except in presentation to the Congress or any State or local legislature itself, or designed to support or defeat any proposed or pending regulation, administrative action, or order issued by the executive branch of any State or local government, except in presentation to the executive branch of any State or local government itself. (b) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used to pay the salary or expenses of any grant or contract recipient, or agent acting for such recipient, related to any activity designed to influence the enactment of legislation, appropriations, regulation, administrative action, or Executive order proposed or pending before the Congress or any State government, State legislature or local legislature or legislative body, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative relationships or participation by an agency or officer of a State, local or tribal government in policymaking and administrative processes within the executive branch of that government. (c) The prohibitions in subsections (a) and (b) shall include any activity to advocate or promote any proposed, pending or future Federal, State or local tax increase, or any proposed, pending, or future requirement or restriction on any legal consumer product, including its sale or marketing, including but not limited to the advocacy or promotion of gun control. 504. The Secretaries of Labor and Education are authorized to make available not to exceed $14,000 and $10,000, respectively, from funds available for salaries and expenses under titles I and III, respectively, for official reception and representation expenses; the Director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from the funds available for Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, Salaries and Expenses ; and the Chairman of the National Mediation Board is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from funds available for National Mediation Board, Salaries and Expenses . 505. When issuing statements, press releases, requests for proposals, bid solicitations and other documents describing projects or programs funded in whole or in part with Federal money, all grantees receiving Federal funds included in this Act, including but not limited to State and local governments and recipients of Federal research grants, shall clearly state— (1) the percentage of the total costs of the program or project which will be financed with Federal money; (2) the dollar amount of Federal funds for the project or program; and (3) percentage and dollar amount of the total costs of the project or program that will be financed by non-governmental sources. 506. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for any abortion. (b) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for health benefits coverage that includes coverage of abortion. (c) The term health benefits coverage means the package of services covered by a managed care provider or organization pursuant to a contract or other arrangement. 507. (a) The limitations established in the preceding section shall not apply to an abortion— (1) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (2) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed. (b) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as prohibiting the expenditure by a State, locality, entity, or private person of State, local, or private funds (other than a State's or locality's contribution of Medicaid matching funds). (c) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as restricting the ability of any managed care provider from offering abortion coverage or the ability of a State or locality to contract separately with such a provider for such coverage with State funds (other than a State's or locality's contribution of Medicaid matching funds). (d) (1) None of the funds made available in this Act may be made available to a Federal agency or program, or to a State or local government, if such agency, program, or government subjects any institutional or individual health care entity to discrimination on the basis that the health care entity does not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or refer for abortions. (2) In this subsection, the term health care entity includes an individual physician or other health care professional, a hospital, a provider-sponsored organization, a health maintenance organization, a health insurance plan, or any other kind of health care facility, organization, or plan. 508. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for— (1) the creation of a human embryo or embryos for research purposes; or (2) research in which a human embryo or embryos are destroyed, discarded, or knowingly subjected to risk of injury or death greater than that allowed for research on fetuses in utero under 45 CFR 46.204(b) and section 498(b) of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 289g(b) ). (b) For purposes of this section, the term human embryo or embryos includes any organism, not protected as a human subject under 45 CFR 46 as of the date of the enactment of this Act, that is derived by fertilization, parthenogenesis, cloning, or any other means from one or more human gametes or human diploid cells. 509. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any activity that promotes the legalization of any drug or other substance included in schedule I of the schedules of controlled substances established under section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act except for normal and recognized executive-congressional communications. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not apply when there is significant medical evidence of a therapeutic advantage to the use of such drug or other substance or that federally sponsored clinical trials are being conducted to determine therapeutic advantage. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to promulgate or adopt any final standard under section 1173(b) of the Social Security Act providing for, or providing for the assignment of, a unique health identifier for an individual (except in an individual's capacity as an employer or a health care provider), until legislation is enacted specifically approving the standard. 511. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated or expended to enter into or renew a contract with an entity if— (1) such entity is otherwise a contractor with the United States and is subject to the requirement in 38 U.S.C. 4212(d) regarding submission of an annual report to the Secretary of Labor concerning employment of certain veterans; and (2) such entity has not submitted a report as required by that section for the most recent year for which such requirement was applicable to such entity. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriation Act. 513. None of the funds made available by this Act to carry out the Library Services and Technology Act may be made available to any library covered by paragraph (1) of section 224(f) of such Act, as amended by the Children's Internet Protection Act, unless such library has made the certifications required by paragraph (4) of such section. 514. (a) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2025, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes or renames offices; (6) reorganizes programs or activities; or (7) contracts out or privatizes any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such reprogramming or of an announcement of intent relating to such reprogramming, whichever occurs earlier, and are notified in writing 10 days in advance of such reprogramming. (b) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2025, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments existing programs, projects (including construction projects), or activities; (2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as approved by Congress; or (3) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such reprogramming or of an announcement of intent relating to such reprogramming, whichever occurs earlier, and are notified in writing 10 days in advance of such reprogramming. 515. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to request that a candidate for appointment to a Federal scientific advisory committee disclose the political affiliation or voting history of the candidate or the position that the candidate holds with respect to political issues not directly related to and necessary for the work of the committee involved. (b) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to disseminate information that is deliberately false or misleading. 516. Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, each department and related agency funded through this Act shall submit an operating plan that details at the program, project, and activity level any funding allocations for fiscal year 2025 that are different than those specified in this Act, the accompanying detailed table in the Committee report accompanying this Act, or the fiscal year 2025 budget request. 517. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education shall each prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the number and amount of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements exceeding $500,000, individually or in total for a particular project, activity, or programmatic initiative, in value and awarded by the Department on a non-competitive basis during each quarter of fiscal year 2025, but not to include grants awarded on a formula basis or directed by law. Such report shall include the name of the contractor or grantee, the amount of funding, the governmental purpose, including a justification for issuing the award on a non-competitive basis. Such report shall be transmitted to the Committees within 30 days after the end of the quarter for which the report is submitted. 518. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be expended or obligated by the Commissioner of Social Security, for purposes of administering Social Security benefit payments under title II of the Social Security Act, to process any claim for credit for a quarter of coverage based on work performed under a social security account number that is not the claimant's number and the performance of such work under such number has formed the basis for a conviction of the claimant of a violation of section 208(a)(6) or (7) of the Social Security Act. 519. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Commissioner of Social Security or the Social Security Administration to pay the compensation of employees of the Social Security Administration to administer Social Security benefit payments, under any agreement between the United States and Mexico establishing totalization arrangements between the social security system established by title II of the Social Security Act and the social security system of Mexico, which would not otherwise be payable but for such agreement. 520. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 521. For purposes of carrying out Executive Order 13589, Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012, and requirements contained in the annual appropriations bills relating to conference attendance and expenditures: (1) the operating divisions of HHS shall be considered independent agencies; and (2) attendance at and support for scientific conferences shall be tabulated separately from and not included in agency totals. 522. Federal agencies funded under this Act shall clearly state within the text, audio, or video used for advertising or educational purposes, including emails or Internet postings, that the communication is printed, published, or produced and disseminated at United States taxpayer expense. The funds used by a Federal agency to carry out this requirement shall be derived from amounts made available to the agency for advertising or other communications regarding the programs and activities of the agency. 523. Not later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, beginning with the first month of fiscal year 2025 the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services and Education and the Social Security Administration shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate a report on the status of balances of appropriations: Provided, That for balances that are unobligated and uncommitted, committed, and obligated but unexpended, the monthly reports shall separately identify the amounts attributable to each source year of appropriation (beginning with fiscal year 2012, or, to the extent feasible, earlier fiscal years) from which balances were derived. 524. The Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a comprehensive list of any new or competitive grant award notifications, including supplements, issued at the discretion of such Departments not less than 3 full business days before any entity selected to receive a grant award is announced by the Department or its offices (other than emergency response grants at any time of the year or for grant awards made during the last 10 business days of the fiscal year, or if applicable, of the program year). 525. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, no funds appropriated in this Act shall be used to purchase sterile needles or syringes for the hypodermic injection of any illegal drug: Provided, That such limitation does not apply to the use of funds for elements of a program other than making such purchases if the relevant State or local health department, in consultation with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, determines that the State or local jurisdiction, as applicable, is experiencing, or is at risk for, a significant increase in hepatitis infections or an HIV outbreak due to injection drug use, and such program is operating in accordance with State and local law: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act may be used for the operation of a supervised drug consumption facility that permits the consumption onsite of any substance listed in schedule I of section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act ( 21 U.S.C. 812 ). 526. Each department and related agency funded through this Act shall provide answers to questions submitted for the record by members of the Committee within 45 business days after receipt. 527. (a) This section applies to: (1) the Administration for Children and Families in the Department of Health and Human Services; and (2) the Chief Evaluation Office and the statistical-related cooperative and interagency agreements and contracting activities of the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the Department of Labor. (b) Amounts made available under this Act which are either appropriated, allocated, advanced on a reimbursable basis, or transferred to the functions and organizations identified in subsection (a) for research, evaluation, or statistical purposes shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2029: Provided, That when an office referenced in subsection (a) receives research and evaluation funding from multiple appropriations, such offices may use a single Treasury account for such activities, with funding advanced on a reimbursable basis. (c) Amounts referenced in subsection (b) that are unexpended at the time of completion of a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement may be deobligated and shall immediately become available and may be reobligated in that fiscal year or the subsequent fiscal year for the research, evaluation, or statistical purposes for which such amounts are available. 528. Of amounts deposited in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund under section 2104(n)(2) of the Social Security Act and the income derived from investment of those funds pursuant to section 2104(n)(2)(C) of that Act, $12,614,000,000 shall not be available for obligation in this fiscal year. (RESCISSION) 529. The unobligated balances of funds made available by sections 2023, 2206, 2301, 2302, 2303, 2402, 2403, 2404, 2401, 2501, 2502, 2601, 2602, 2603, 2605, 2701, 2702, 2703, 2704, 2705, 2706, 2707, 2708, 2709, 2710, 2711, 2712, 2713, 2904, 2912, 3101, and 9911 of the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ( Public Law 117–2 ) are hereby rescinded. 530. (a) In general.—Notwithstanding section 7 of title 1, United States Code, section 1738C of title 28, United States Code, or any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act, or previous appropriations Acts, shall be used in whole or in part to take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially, on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief, or moral conviction, that marriage is, or should be recognized as, a union of one man and one woman. (b) Discriminatory action defined.—As used in subsection (a), a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to— (1) alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to be assessed against, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a); (2) disallow a deduction for Federal tax purposes of any charitable contribution made to or by such person; (3) withhold, reduce the amount or funding for, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any Federal grant, contract, subcontract, cooperative agreement, guarantee, loan, scholarship, license, certification, accreditation, employment, or other similar position or status from or to such person; (4) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny, any entitlement or benefit under a Federal benefit program, including admission to, equal treatment in, or eligibility for a degree from an educational program, from or to such person; or (5) withhold, reduce, exclude, terminate, or otherwise make unavailable or deny access or an entitlement to Federal property, facilities, educational institutions, speech fora (including traditional, limited, and nonpublic fora), or charitable fundraising campaigns from or to such person. (c) Accreditation; Licensure; Certification.—The Federal Government shall consider accredited, licensed, or certified for purposes of Federal law any person that would be accredited, licensed, or certified, respectively, for such purposes but for a determination against such person wholly or partially on the basis that the person speaks, or acts, in accordance with a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction described in subsection (a). 531. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, or Education, the Commissioner of the Social Security Administration, or the head of any other agency funded in this Act to fly or display a flag over a Federal facility other than— (1) the flag of the United States; (2) the flag of a State, territory, or the District of Columbia; (3) the flag of an Indian Tribal Government; the official Flag of a Federal agency; (4) the POW/MIA flag; (5) the flag of the Public Health Service; or (6) the flag of the United States Surgeon General. 532. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, enforce, or otherwise carry out the following— (1) Executive Order 13990, relating to Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science To Tackle the Climate Crisis; (2) Executive Order 14008, relating to Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad; (3) Section 6 of Executive Order 14013, relating to Rebuilding and Enhancing Programs To Resettle Refugees and Planning for the Impact of Climate Change on Migration; (4) Executive Order 14030, relating to Climate-Related Financial Risk; (5) Executive Order 14037, relating to Strengthening American Leadership in Clean Cars and Trucks; (6) Executive Order 14057, relating to Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs through Federal Sustainability; (7) Executive Order 14082, relating to Implementation of the Energy and Infrastructure Provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022; and (8) Executive Order 14096, relating to Revitalizing Our Nation’s Commitment to Environmental Justice for All. 533. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out Executive Order 13985 of January 20, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 7009, relating to advancing racial equity and support for under-served communities through the Federal government); Executive Order 14035 of June 25, 2021 (86 Fed. Reg. 34593, relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility in the Federal workforce); or Executive Order 14091 of February 16, 2023 (88 Fed. Reg. 10825, relating to further advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government). 534. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to establish, implement, administer, apply, enforce, or carry out any diversity, equity, and inclusion office, program, or training. 535. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any program, project, or activity that promotes or advances Critical Race Theory or any concept associated with Critical Race Theory. 536. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to carry out any program, project, or activity that teaches or trains any idea or concept that condones an individual being discriminated against or receiving adverse or beneficial treatment based on race or sex, that condones an individual feeling discomfort, guilt, anguish, or any other form of psychological distress on account of that individual’s race or sex, as well as any idea or concept that regards one race as inherently superior to another race, the United States or its institutions as being systemically racist or sexist, an individual as being inherently racist, sexist, or oppressive by virtue of that individual’s race or sex, an individual’s moral character as being necessarily determined by race or sex, an individual as bearing responsibility for actions committed in the past by other members of the same race or sex, or meritocracy being racist, sexist, or having been created by a particular race to oppress another race. 537. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to a United States institution of higher education unless and until such institution adopts a prohibition on antisemitic conduct that creates a hostile environment in violation of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 in all documents relating to student or employee conduct. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be made available to a United States institution of higher education that has failed to take administrative action against any student, staff member, or student group that commits acts of antisemitism while utilizing the facilities, grounds, or resources of such institution. 538. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to support directly or indirectly— (1) the Wuhan Institute of Virology located in the City of Wuhan in the People’s Republic of China; (2) the EcoHealth Alliance, Inc.; (3) any laboratory owned or controlled by the governments of the People’s Republic of China, the Republic of Cuba, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela under the regime of Nicolás Maduro Moros, or any other country determined by the Secretary of State to be a foreign adversary; or (4) gain-of-function research. 539. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to establish, implement, administer, or enforce any COVID–19 mask or vaccine mandate. 540. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enter into a procurement contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or guarantee to, any entity identified under section 1260H of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ) or any subsidiary of such entity. 541. Return to Work Excessive abuse of telework across the Federal government must end. For the average American showing up to work every day is a fact of life; they deserve a government that reflects that reality. Approvals for remote work should be made on an individual case by case basis and done only to serve the best interests of the program and the American public. Each agency funded under this Act shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 60 days of enactment of this Act a report detailing the number of full-time employees by subcomponent who are receiving the Washington D.C. area locality pay but have not reported to an in-person office in the D.C. area more than one day a week for the past year. Each agency funded under this Act shall quarterly thereafter provide updates to the Committees on its efforts to bring Federal employees back to the workplace to fulfill the mission of serving the American public. Spending Reduction Account 542. $0. This Act may be cited as the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025 . July 12, 2024 Committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed

118 HR 9218 IH: Defining Male and Female Act of 2024 U.S. House of Representatives 2024-07-30 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 9218 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES July 30, 2024 Mrs. Miller of Illinois (for herself, Mr. Harris , Mr. Mooney , Mr. Guest , Mr. Self , Mr. LaMalfa , Mr. Steube , Mrs. Lesko , Mrs. McClain , Mrs. Luna , Ms. Boebert , Ms. Tenney , and Mr. Moore of Alabama ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To establish a clear and consistent biological definition of male and female. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Defining Male and Female Act of 2024 . 2. Findings Congress finds the following: (1) In human beings, there are two—and only two—sexes: male and female, which refer to the two body structures (phenotypes) that, in normal development, correspond to one or the other gamete—sperm for males and ova for females. (2) Every individual is either male or female. (3) An individual’s sex can be observed or clinically verified at or before birth. (4) Rare disorders of sexual development are not exceptions to the binary nature of sex. (5) In no case is an individual’s sex determined by stipulation or self-identification. (6) There is increasing confusion about the definition and implications of sex as a biological truth and its relationship to concepts and terms including but not limited to sex assigned at birth, gender, gender identity, gender role, gender expression, and experienced gender. (7) Confusion and ambiguities surrounding the definitions of sex, male, female, and related terms can hinder individual efforts to enjoy equal treatment under the law. (8) Legal equality of the two sexes—male and female—does not imply that the sexes are identical to each other or are the same in every respect. (9) With respect to the two sexes—male and female—separate facilities or sports leagues established because of or organized according to physical differences between the sexes do not constitute unequal treatment under the law. (10) Physical differences between males and females are enduring, and the two sexes are not fungible. (11) To prevent further efforts to undermine the longstanding meaning and understanding of sex, male, female, and related terms, it is necessary for Congress to reaffirm and codify the meaning of these terms. 3. Definition of sex , male , female , and related terms Chapter 1 of title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 9. Definition of sex , male , female , and related terms In determining the meaning of any Act of Congress, or of any ruling, regulation, or interpretation of the various administrative bureaus and agencies of the United States, the word— (1) sex , when referring to individual’s sex, shall be understood to refer to either male or female, as biologically determined and defined by this section; (2) female , when referring to a natural person, means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization; (3) male , when referring to a natural person, means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization; (4) woman means an adult human female; (5) girl means a minor human female; (6) man means an adult human male; (7) boy means a minor human male; (8) mother means a female parent; (9) father means a male parent; (10) gender — (A) means— (i) males, females, or the natural differences between males and females, unless such term is otherwise specified or used alone (rather than with or as an adjective modifying other words); and (ii) a synonym for sex; and (B) does not mean a synonym for terms or ideas such as gender identity, experienced gender, gender expression, or gender roles; and (11) gender identity does not mean sex or gender. .

118 HR 9586 IH: Stopping Transgender Operation Payments and Wacky Expenses for Illegal Residents and Detainees Act of 2024 U.S. House of Representatives 2024-09-12 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. R. 9586 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES September 12, 2024 Mr. Steube (for himself, Mr. Reschenthaler , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Duncan , Mr. LaMalfa , Mr. Tiffany , and Mr. Rosendale ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce , and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To prohibit Federal funds from being used to provide certain gender transition procedures to individuals in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Health and Human Services. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Stopping Transgender Operation Payments and Wacky Expenses for Illegal Residents and Detainees Act of 2024 or the STOP WEIRD Act of 2024 . 2. Prohibiting federal funds from being used to provide certain gender transition procedures (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funds may be used or otherwise made available to provide or refer for a specified gender transition procedure to an individual in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security or the Department of Health and Human Services or to reimburse any entity for providing such a procedure to such an individual. (b) Specified gender transition procedure defined (1) In general For purposes of this paragraph, except as provided in paragraph (2), the term specified gender transition procedure means, with respect to an individual, any of the following when performed for the purpose of intentionally changing the body of such individual to no longer correspond to their sex: (A) Performing any surgery, including— (i) castration; (ii) orchiectomy; (iii) scrotoplasty; (iv) vasectomy; (v) hysterectomy; (vi) oophorectomy; (vii) ovariectomy; (viii) metoidioplasty; (ix) penectomy; (x) phalloplasty; (xi) vaginoplasty; (xii) vaginectomy; (xiii) vulvoplasty; (xiv) reduction thyrochondroplasty; (xv) chondrolaryngoplasty; (xvi) mastectomy; and (xvii) any plastic, cosmetic, or aesthetic surgery that feminizes or masculinizes the facial or other body features of an individual. (B) Any placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts. (C) Any placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region. (D) Administering, supplying, prescribing, dispensing, distributing, or otherwise conveying to an individual medications, including— (i) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normal puberty; and (ii) testosterone, estrogen, or other androgens to an individual at doses that are supraphysiologic than would normally be produced endogenously in a healthy individual of the same age and sex. (2) Sex For purposes of paragraph (1), the term sex means the indication of male or female sex by reproductive potential or capacity, sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, or internal or external genitalia present at birth.

118 HR 985 IH: Productivity Over Pronouns Act U.S. House of Representatives 2023-02-10 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 985 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 10, 2023 Mr. Nehls (for himself, Mr. Gaetz , and Mrs. Boebert ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Accountability A BILL To prohibit the use of Federal funds in any program, project, or activity of any agency in the Executive Branch to provide principles, resources, or specific suggestions for gender neutral or inclusive language or inclusive communication principles to help inform an inclusive approach to carrying out any such program, project, and activity. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Productivity Over Pronouns Act . 2. Prohibition on use of Federal funding for gender neutral or inclusive language or inclusive communication principles to help inform an inclusive approach to carrying out any such program, project, and activity (a) In general Amounts may not be appropriated for use in any program, project, or activity of any agency, and funds made available for any program, project, or activity of any agency may not be obligated or expended, to provide principles, resources, or specific suggestions for gender neutral or inclusive language or inclusive communication principles to help inform an inclusive approach to carrying out any such program, project, and activity. (b) Gender neutral or inclusive language and inclusive communication principles For purposes of this section, the term gender neutral or inclusive language and inclusive communication principles includes— (1) any form of communication that avoids using words, expressions or assumptions that would stereotype, demean or exclude people; (2) language that avoids bias towards a particular sex or gender; (3) preferred terms that attempt to represent an ongoing shift toward non-stigmatizing language; (4) language that emphasizes the importance of addressing all people inclusively and respectfully; (5) using an equity lens when framing information about disparities among populations; (6) any form of communication that classifies people by pronouns; (7) using preferred terms for select population groups while recognizing that there isn’t always agreement on these terms; and (8) considering how communications are developed and looking for ways to develop more inclusive communications products. (c) Agency For purposes of this section, the term agency has the meaning given such term by section 551(1) of title 5, United States Code.

118 HJ 160 IH: Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Health and Human Services relating to “Nondiscrimination in Health Programs and Activities”. U.S. House of Representatives 2024-05-23 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IA 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. J. RES. 160 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 23, 2024 Mr. Roy (for himself, Mr. LaMalfa , Mr. Ogles , Mr. Duncan , Mr. Crenshaw , Mr. Good of Virginia , Mr. Babin , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Biggs , Mr. Jackson of Texas , Mr. Reschenthaler , Mr. Brecheen , Mr. Bishop of North Carolina , Mr. Self , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Higgins of Louisiana , Mr. Moran , and Mr. Moore of Alabama ) submitted the following joint resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce JOINT RESOLUTION Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Health and Human Services relating to Nondiscrimination in Health Programs and Activities . That Congress disapproves the rule submitted by the Department of Health and Human Services relating to Nondiscrimination in Health Programs and Activities (89 Fed. Reg. 37522 (May 6, 2024)), and such rule shall have no force or effect.

118 HJ 165 IH: Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to “Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Sex in Education Programs or Activities Receiving Federal Financial Assistance”. U.S. House of Representatives 2024-06-05 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IA 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. J. RES. 165 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 5, 2024 Mrs. Miller of Illinois (for herself, Ms. Foxx , Ms. Stefanik , Mrs. Harshbarger , Mrs. Luna , Ms. Tenney , Mrs. Lesko , Mrs. McClain , Ms. Letlow , Mrs. Hinson , Ms. Boebert , Ms. Hageman , Ms. Greene of Georgia , Ms. De La Cruz , Mrs. Bice , Mr. Banks , Mr. Allen , Mr. Cline , Mr. Posey , Mr. Rutherford , Mr. Sessions , Mr. Babin , Mr. Reschenthaler , Mr. Burchett , Mr. Norman , Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida , Mr. Clyde , Mr. Timmons , Mr. Duncan , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Steube , Mr. Good of Virginia , Mr. Self , Mr. Ogles , Mr. Higgins of Louisiana , Mr. Biggs , Mr. Van Drew , Mr. Hern , Mr. Mooney , Mr. Brecheen , Mr. Fleischmann , Mr. Bilirakis , Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia , Mr. Moore of Alabama , Mr. Guest , Mr. Bishop of North Carolina , Mr. Moran , Mr. Walberg , Mr. Gosar , Mr. McCormick , Mr. Tiffany , Mr. Lamborn , Mr. Webster of Florida , Mr. Grothman , Mr. Owens , Mr. Cloud , Mr. Crane , Mr. Aderholt , Mr. Bean of Florida , Mr. Burlison , Mr. Crenshaw , Mr. LaLota , Mr. Stauber , Mr. Ezell , Mr. Bost , and Mr. Hudson ) submitted the following joint resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce JOINT RESOLUTION Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Sex in Education Programs or Activities Receiving Federal Financial Assistance . That Congress disapproves the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Sex in Education Programs or Activities Receiving Federal Financial Assistance (89 Fed. Reg. 33474; published April 29, 2024), and such rule shall have no force or effect.

118 HRES 115 IH: Establishing a Women’s Bill of Rights to reaffirm legal protections afforded to women under Federal law. U.S. House of Representatives 2023-02-09 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 115 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 9, 2023 Mrs. Lesko (for herself, Mrs. Harshbarger , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Hern , Ms. Tenney , Mr. Aderholt , Mr. Biggs , Mr. Clyde , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Guest , Mr. Santos , Mr. Ogles , Ms. Foxx , Mr. Norman , Mr. Owens , Mr. Jackson of Texas , Ms. Hageman , and Mr. Duncan ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary RESOLUTION Establishing a Women’s Bill of Rights to reaffirm legal protections afforded to women under Federal law. Whereas males and females possess unique and immutable biological differences that manifest prior to birth and increase as they age and experience puberty; Whereas biological differences between the sexes mean that only females may get pregnant, give birth, and breastfeed children; Whereas biological differences between the sexes mean that males are, on average, larger in size and possess greater body strength than females; Whereas biological differences between the sexes can expose females to more harm than males from specific forms of violence, including sexual violence; Whereas women have achieved inspirational and significant accomplishments in education, athletics, and employment; and Whereas recent misguided court rulings related to the definition of sex have led to endangerment of spaces and resources dedicated to women, thereby necessitating clarification of certain terms: Now, therefore, be it That the House of Representatives reaffirms that— (1) for purposes of Federal law, a person’s sex means his or her biological sex (either male or female) at birth; (2) for purposes of Federal law addressing sex, the terms woman and girl refer to human females, and the terms man and boy refer to human males; (3) for purposes of Federal law, the word mother means a parent of the female sex and father is defined as a parent of the male sex; (4) there are important reasons to distinguish between the sexes with respect to athletics, prisons, domestic violence shelters, restrooms, and other areas, particularly where biology, safety, and privacy are implicated; (5) policies and laws that distinguish between the sexes are subject to intermediate constitutional scrutiny and permitted when they serve an important governmental objective and are substantially related to achieving that objective; and (6) for purposes of complying with Federal laws that require State and local government agencies to collect or report data disaggregated by sex, such as Federal antidiscrimination laws, agencies are required to base such data on the biological sex of individuals at birth.

118 HRES 1223 IH: Designating October, 10, 2024, as “American Girls in Sports Day”. U.S. House of Representatives 2024-05-10 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. RES. 1223 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 10, 2024 Ms. Stefanik (for herself, Mr. Stauber , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida , Mrs. Hinson , Mr. Tiffany , Mrs. Kiggans of Virginia , Ms. Letlow , Mr. Rose , Mr. Ellzey , Mr. Nehls , Mr. Nunn of Iowa , Mr. Owens , Mr. Guthrie , Ms. Mace , Mrs. Lesko , Mr. Burchett , Ms. Tenney , Mr. D'Esposito , Mr. Kelly of Pennsylvania , and Mrs. Houchin ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce RESOLUTION Designating October, 10, 2024, as American Girls in Sports Day . Whereas athletic participation has an important, positive impact on young girls, improving their physical health, self-confidence, and discipline; Whereas women have been responsible for some of the greatest athletic feats in the sports history of the United States, from the Olympic games to professional competition; Whereas female athletes have served as inspirations for generations of women and girls; Whereas the enactment of Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ) (referred to in this preamble as Title IX ) marked a pivotal moment in the Federal support of girls in sports; Whereas Title IX is under attack by the Biden Administration, which is moving to remove protections for biological women and girls in sports; Whereas there are fundamental biological differences between men and women that put women at a competitive disadvantage in sports and jeopardize their safety during competition; Whereas, in recent years, there has been an increase in the number of biological men allowed to compete in women’s sports; Whereas, since 2003, biological men have displaced women and girls from over 950 championship titles, medals, scholarships, and records they should have rightfully won, including at least 28 women's sports titles in volleyball, swimming, mountain biking, track and field, weightlifting, and cycling; Whereas the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) has instituted new policies to protect biological girls in sports and ensure that only student athletes whose biological sex is female will be allowed to compete in NAIA-sponsored women’s sports teams; Whereas it is imperative that women’s and girl’s opportunities to compete athletically are protected; and Whereas October 10th, as represented by the Roman numerals XX , signifies the female XX chromosomes: Now, therefore, be it That the House of Representatives— (1) designates American Girls in Sports Day ; (2) celebrates the impact of women on the sports culture and history of the United States; (3) recognizes the importance of Title IX in protecting biological women in sports; and (4) calls on sports-governing bodies in the United States and abroad to protect biological women and girls in sports.

118 HRES 1579 IH: Prohibiting Members, officers, and employees of the House from using single-sex facilities other than those corresponding to their biological sex, and for other purposes. U.S. House of Representatives 2024-11-18 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 118th CONGRESS 2d Session H. RES. 1579 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES November 18, 2024 Ms. Mace submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on House Administration RESOLUTION Prohibiting Members, officers, and employees of the House from using single-sex facilities other than those corresponding to their biological sex, and for other purposes. Whereas allowing biological males into single-sex facilities, such as restrooms, locker rooms, and changing rooms designed for women, jeopardizes the safety and dignity of Members, officers, and employees of the House who are female: Now, therefore, be it 1. Prohibition on the use of single-sex facilities other than those corresponding to the biological sex of an individual (a) Prohibition A Member, Delegate, Resident Commissioner, officer, or employee of the House may not use a single-sex facility (including a restroom, changing room, or locker room) in the Capitol or House Office Buildings, other than those corresponding to the biological sex of such individual. (b) Enforcement The Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Representatives is charged with the enforcement of the prohibition under subsection (a).

118 HRES 282 IH: Expressing that compelled political litmus tests used by public institutions to require individuals to identify with specific ideological views are directly at odds with the principles of academic freedom and free speech and in violation of the First Amendment of the Constitution. U.S. House of Representatives 2023-04-06 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 282 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES April 6, 2023 Mr. Murphy (for himself and Mr. Bishop of North Carolina ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce RESOLUTION Expressing that compelled political litmus tests used by public institutions to require individuals to identify with specific ideological views are directly at odds with the principles of academic freedom and free speech and in violation of the First Amendment of the Constitution. Whereas in Sweezy v. New Hampshire in 1957, the Supreme Court wrote that, The essentiality of freedom in the community of American universities is almost self-evident … To impose any strait jacket upon the intellectual leaders in our colleges and universities would imperil the future of our Nation … Teachers and students must always remain free to inquire, to study and to evaluate, to gain new maturity and understanding; otherwise, our civilization will stagnate and die. ; Whereas 10 years later in Keyishian v. Board of Regents, the Supreme Court further elaborated on Sweezy and declared that academic freedom is a special concern of the First Amendment, which does not tolerate laws that cast a pall of orthodoxy over the classroom. ; Whereas in Healy v. James, the Supreme Court held that The precedents of this Court leave no room for the view that, because of the acknowledged need for order, First Amendment protections should apply with less force on college campuses than in the community at large. Quite to the contrary, the vigilant protection of constitutional freedoms is nowhere more vital than in the community of American schools. ; Whereas in West Virginia State Board of Education v. Barnette, the Supreme Court held that the First Amendment prohibits the Government from compelling an individual to engage in speech, writing that, if there is any fixed star in our constitutional constellation, it is that no official, high or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics, nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion or force citizens to confess by word or act their faith therein. ; Whereas many colleges and universities require or invite current or prospective faculty to demonstrate their commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI), often through a written statement that factors into hiring, reappointment, evaluation, promotion, or tenure decisions; Whereas ideologically motivated and required DEI statement policies can too easily function as litmus tests for adherence to prevailing ideological views on DEI, penalize faculty or applicants for holding dissenting opinions on matters of public concern, and cast a pall of orthodoxy over the campus that the Supreme Court warned against in Keyishian; Whereas a survey by the American Association of University Professors of hundreds of colleges and universities found that more than one-fifth of higher education institutions include DEI criteria in tenure standards, and of the institutions that do not include such DEI criteria, nearly half indicated they are considering adding such criteria in the future; Whereas a survey by the American Enterprise Institute of academic job postings found that nearly 20 percent required DEI statements; Whereas the First Amendment to the Constitution prohibits public universities from compelling faculty to assent to specific ideological views or to embed those views in academic activities; Whereas in order to push favored views, colleges and universities are increasing the number of faculty dedicated to programs and initiatives to support these ideological views; Whereas the Heritage Foundation found that large public universities averaged 45 DEI personnel, while other departments in universities are understaffed by comparison, and this proliferation of DEI administrators and prioritization of DEI adherence in personnel decisions places importance on adherence to a social movement rather than on education and serving students; Whereas medical schools are also probing student applicants on their views on, or experience in, DEI efforts, and this overt test on identity politics for medical school admissions has been found in 36 of the top 50 medical schools; Whereas demanding that students endorse specific beliefs or face roadblocks in their education is an appalling action from professional schools and far from the meaning of academic freedom; and Whereas colleges and universities are also prioritizing ideological programming for students over programming to support viewpoint diversity, and according to a report from Speech First, in the 2021–2022 school year, 90 percent of college freshman orientation programs focused on DEI as a topic, while only around 30 percent of orientation programs reviewed free speech or viewpoint diversity: Now, therefore, be it That the House of Representatives— (1) condemns public institutions of higher education for conditioning admission to any student applicant, or the hiring, reappointment, or promotion of any faculty member, on the applicant or faculty member pledging allegiance to or making a statement of personal support for or opposition to any political ideology or movement, including a pledge or statement regarding diversity, equity, and inclusion, or related topics; and (2) discourages any institution from requesting or requiring any such pledge or statement from an applicant or faculty member, as such actions are antithetical to the freedom of speech protected by the First Amendment.

118 HRES 298 EH: Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 734) to amend the Education Amendments of 1972 to provide that for purposes of determining compliance with title IX of such Act in athletics, sex shall be recognized based solely on a person’s reproductive biology and genetics at birth, and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 42) disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Comprehensive Policing and Justice Reform Amendment Act of 2022. U.S. House of Representatives 2023-04-18 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 298 In the House of Representatives, U. S., April 18, 2023 RESOLUTION Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 734) to amend the Education Amendments of 1972 to provide that for purposes of determining compliance with title IX of such Act in athletics, sex shall be recognized based solely on a person’s reproductive biology and genetics at birth, and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 42) disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Comprehensive Policing and Justice Reform Amendment Act of 2022. That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 734) to amend the Education Amendments of 1972 to provide that for purposes of determining compliance with title IX of such Act in athletics, sex shall be recognized based solely on a person’s reproductive biology and genetics at birth. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce or their respective designees. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 118–3. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 42) disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Comprehensive Policing and Justice Reform Amendment Act of 2022. All points of order against consideration of the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Accountability or their respective designees. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit (if otherwise in order). Cheryl L. Johnson, Clerk.

118 HRES 518 IH: Pushing back against the labeling of attempts by parents to ensure school curriculum and sports are age and sex appropriate as extreme. U.S. House of Representatives 2023-06-15 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 518 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 15, 2023 Mrs. McClain (for herself, Mr. Duncan , Mr. Babin , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Self , Mr. Higgins of Louisiana , and Mr. Webster of Florida ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce RESOLUTION Pushing back against the labeling of attempts by parents to ensure school curriculum and sports are age and sex appropriate as extreme. Whereas all students should feel welcome in their classroom, but radical far-left ideas inappropriate for minors should not; Whereas it is not extreme or hateful to believe children as young as 6 should not be subject to discussion about sexual orientation or gender ideology in the classroom; Whereas it is not extreme or hateful to believe biological men should not compete against biological women in sports; Whereas, while issues dealing with the history of slavery and racism should be taught in the classroom, courses centered around the false belief that America is systemically, structurally, or institutionally racist should not; Whereas it is not extreme or hateful to believe that parents, not the government, should have the final say in their children’s education; and Whereas attempts to express these views in a violent manner are inexcusable: Now, therefore, be it That the House of Representatives— (1) supports parents having a say in their child’s education; and (2) opposes— (A) allowing biological boys and men to compete in biological girls and women’s sports; (B) the weakening of title IX protections; and (C) labeling parents as extreme and hateful for wanting to keep inappropriate material out of their child’s classroom.

118 HRES 536 IH: Supporting the designation of the week including June 23, 2023, as “National Women’s Sports Week” to celebrate the anniversary of the passage of title IX and the growth of women’s sports. U.S. House of Representatives 2023-06-22 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 536 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 22, 2023 Ms. Tenney (for herself, Mr. Norman , Ms. Mace , Mr. C. Scott Franklin of Florida , Mrs. Lesko , Mr. Weber of Texas , and Mrs. Miller of Illinois ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce RESOLUTION Supporting the designation of the week including June 23, 2023, as National Women’s Sports Week to celebrate the anniversary of the passage of title IX and the growth of women’s sports. Whereas Congress passed title IX of the Education Amendments on June 23, 1972, to end unjust sex discrimination in education, including in athletics; Whereas title IX transformed sports by guaranteeing women and girls the right to equal athletic opportunities; Whereas title IX’s purpose and benefit are negated for women whenever men claiming to be women are granted access to female sports; Whereas title IX has resulted in a 545-percent increase in the percentage of women playing college sports and a 990-percent increase in the percentage of women playing high school sports; Whereas athletic participation helps women and girls develop confidence, initiative, and leadership skills; Whereas policies allowing for the inclusion of men in women’s sports have no substantiation in biological fact or valid medical research; Whereas providing equal athletic opportunities in sports to women is impossible without single-sex teams and competitions reserved exclusively for females; Whereas without separate single-sex teams and competitions based on biological sex for men and women, men will dominate competitive sports where size, strength, and speed are factors, depriving female athletes of athletic and academic opportunities; Whereas the biological differences between men and women have led to women being injured by men competing in women’s sports; Whereas, since 2017, men have won at least 24 professional women’s sports titles and an innumerable number of unreported titles at the middle school, high school, and collegiate levels; Whereas, in 2018, at least 300 high school-aged boys in the United States ran the 400-meter dash faster than the most decorated female Olympic champion in the world has run it in her lifetime; and Whereas the week of June 18 through June 24 is National Women’s Sports Week : Now, therefore, be it That the House of Representatives supports— (1) observing National Women’s Sports Week to recognize— (A) the incredible expansion of opportunities for female athletes since the enactment of title IX in 1972 of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ); and (B) the role of the provisions of law described in subparagraph (A) in guaranteeing equal athletic opportunities for members of both sexes; and (2) marking the observance of National Women’s Sports Week with— (A) appropriate programs and activities that— (i) celebrate the contributions of individual female athletes in the United States; (ii) honor the coaches and parents who support female athletes in the United States; (iii) promote equal access to athletic opportunities for members of both sexes; and (iv) support the commitment of the United States to supporting female athletes; and (B) legislative efforts to protect single-sex sports.

118 HRES 769 IH: Expressing support for the designation of October 10, 2023, as “Real Women’s Day”. U.S. House of Representatives 2023-10-25 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 118th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 769 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES October 10, 2023 Mrs. McClain (for herself, Ms. Foxx , and Mrs. Miller of Illinois ) submitted the following resolution October 25, 2023 Referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce RESOLUTION Expressing support for the designation of October 10, 2023, as Real Women’s Day . Whereas, in 1972, Congress enacted Title IX in order to end unjust sex discrimination in education and provide women greater opportunity to participate in athletics, including college athletics; Whereas the Biden Administration proposed changes to Title IX that would allow biological men to play in women’s sports; Whereas there are fundamental biological differences between men and women, including the XX chromosomes for women and the XY chromosomes for men; Whereas these fundamental biological differences put women at a competitive disadvantage in sports; Whereas, in recent years more and more biological men have been allowed to compete in women’s sports; Whereas, between 2003 and 2022, biological men have won 28 women’s sports titles, including the 2019 national championship for bench press, the 100- and 200-meter high school New England Regional Championships in 2018, and the 500-yard Division I NCAA swimming championship in 2022; Whereas emotional pain , lost experiences , denied opportunities , and traumatized have been words used to describe the experience of biological women who have been forced to compete against biological men in sports; and Whereas October 10th is symbolized by the Roman numerals XX : Now, therefore, be it That the House of Representatives— (1) opposes forcing biological women and girls to compete against biological boys and men in girls’ and women’s sports; (2) opposes the weakening of Title IX protections; and (3) supports the designation of a “Real Women’s Day”.

111 S1595 IS: End Taxpayer Funding of Gender Experimentation Act of 2023 U.S. Senate 2023-05-15 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 1595 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES May 15, 2023 Mr. Marshall (for himself, Mrs. Blackburn , Mr. Braun , Mr. Cramer , Mr. Daines , Mrs. Hyde-Smith , Mr. Lee , Mr. Mullin , Mr. Risch , Mr. Rubio , Mr. Wicker , and Mr. Hawley ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Finance A BILL To prohibit taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures, and for other purposes. 1. Short title; table of contents (a) Short title This Act may be cited as the End Taxpayer Funding of Gender Experimentation Act of 2023 . (b) Table of contents The table of contents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—Prohibiting federally funded gender transition procedures Sec. 101. Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures. Sec. 102. Amendment to table of chapters. TITLE II—Application under the Affordable Care Act Sec. 201. Clarifying application of prohibition to premium credits and cost-sharing reductions under ACA. I Prohibiting federally funded gender transition procedures 101. Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures Title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new chapter: 4 Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures Sec. 301. Prohibition on funding for gender transition procedures. 302. Prohibition on funding for health benefits plans that cover gender transition procedures. 303. Limitation on Federal facilities and employees. 304. Construction relating to separate coverage. 305. Construction relating to the use of non-Federal funds for health coverage. 306. Construction relating to complications arising from gender transition procedures. 307. Definitions. 301. Prohibition on funding for gender transition procedures No funds authorized or appropriated by Federal law, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are authorized or appropriated by Federal law, shall be expended for any gender transition procedures. 302. Prohibition on funding for health benefits plans that cover gender transition procedures No funds authorized or appropriated by Federal law, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are authorized or appropriated by Federal law, shall be expended for health benefits coverage that includes coverage of gender transition procedures. 303. Limitation on Federal facilities and employees No health care service furnished— (1) by or in a health care facility owned or operated by the Federal Government; or (2) by any physician or other individual employed by the Federal Government to provide health care services within the scope of the physician’s or individual’s employment, may include gender transition procedures. 304. Construction relating to separate coverage Nothing in this chapter shall be construed as prohibiting any individual, entity, or State or locality from purchasing separate coverage for gender transition procedures or health benefits coverage that includes gender transition procedures so long as such coverage is paid for entirely using only funds not authorized or appropriated by Federal law and such coverage shall not be purchased using matching funds required for a federally subsidized program, including a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds. 305. Construction relating to the use of non-Federal funds for health coverage Nothing in this chapter shall be construed as restricting the ability of any non-Federal health benefits coverage provider from offering coverage for gender transition procedures, or the ability of a State or locality to contract separately with such a provider for such coverage, so long as only funds not authorized or appropriated by Federal law are used and such coverage shall not be purchased using matching funds required for a federally subsidized program, including a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds. 306. Construction relating to complications arising from gender transition procedures Nothing in this chapter shall be construed to apply to the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of a gender transition procedure. 307. Definitions For purposes of this chapter: (1) Biological sex The term biological sex means the biological indication of male or female in the context of reproductive potential or capacity, such as sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and non-ambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth, without regard to an individual’s psychological, chosen, or subjective experience of gender. (2) Cross-sex hormones The term cross-sex hormones means— (A) testosterone or other androgens given to biological females at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological females; and (B) estrogen given to biological males at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological males. (3) Gender The term gender means the psychological, behavioral, social, and cultural aspects of being male or female. (4) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process in which an individual goes from identifying with and living as a gender that corresponds to his or her biological sex to identifying with and living as a gender different from his or her biological sex, and may involve social, legal, or physical changes. (5) Gender transition procedure (A) In general The term gender transition procedure means any medical or surgical service that seeks— (i) to alter or remove physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for the individual’s biological sex; or (ii) to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the individual’s birth sex. (B) Inclusions For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term medical or surgical service includes— (i) physician’s services; (ii) inpatient and outpatient hospital services; (iii) prescribed drugs relating to gender transition; (iv) a medical service that provides— (I) puberty-blocking drugs; (II) cross-sex hormones; or (III) other mechanisms to promote the development of feminizing or masculinizing features (in the opposite sex); and (v) gender transition surgery. (C) Exclusions The term gender transition procedure does not include— (i) services to individuals born with a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including an individual with external biological sex characteristics that are irresolvably ambiguous, such as an individual born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, an individual born with 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or an individual born having both ovarian and testicular tissue; (ii) services provided when a physician has otherwise diagnosed a disorder of sexual development in which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a biological male or biological female; or (iii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of gender transition procedures, whether or not the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether or not funding for the gender transition procedure is permissible under this chapter. (6) Gender transition surgery (A) In general The term gender transition surgery means any medical or surgical service that seeks to surgically alter or remove healthy physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for the individual’s biological sex in order to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the individual’s birth sex. (B) Inclusions The term gender transition surgery includes genital gender transition surgery and non-genital gender transition surgery. (C) Exclusions The term gender transition surgery does not include any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless the procedure is performed, unless such procedure is performed for the purpose of a gender transition or for the alleviation of psychological or mental distress. (7) Genital gender transition surgery The term genital gender transition surgery means a surgical procedure performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition, including— (A) for biologically male patients, a penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, and vulvoplasty; and (B) for biologically female patients, a hysterectomy/ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, and implantation of erection or testicular prostheses. (8) Non-genital gender transition surgery The term non-genital gender transition surgery means a surgical procedure performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition, including— (A) for biologically male patients, augmentation mammoplasty, facial feminization surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, thyroid cartilage reduction, gluteal augmentation (implants/lipofilling), hair reconstruction, and various aesthetic procedures; and (B) for biologically female patients, subcutaneous mastectomy, voice surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, pectoral implants, and various aesthetic procedures. (9) Puberty-blocking drugs The term puberty-blocking drugs means— (A) Gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other synthetic drugs used in biological males to stop luteinizing hormone secretion and therefore testosterone secretion; and (B) synthetic drugs used in biological females that stop the production of estrogen and progesterone, when used to delay or suppress pubertal development in children for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. . 102. Amendment to table of chapters The table of chapters for title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 4. Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures 301 . II Application under the Affordable Care Act 201. Clarifying application of prohibition to premium credits and cost-sharing reductions under ACA (a) In general (1) Disallowance of refundable credit and cost-sharing reductions for coverage under qualified health plan which provides coverage for gender procedures (A) In general Subparagraph (A) of section 36B(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: or any health plan that includes coverage for gender transition procedures (other than any procedure described in section 306 of title 1, United States Code) . (B) Option to purchase or offer separate coverage or plan Paragraph (3) of section 36B(c) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (C) Separate coverage or plan for gender transition procedures allowed (i) Option to purchase separate coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed as prohibiting any individual from purchasing separate coverage for gender transition procedures described in such subparagraph, or a health plan that includes such gender transition procedures, so long as no credit is allowed under this section with respect to the premiums for such coverage or plan. (ii) Option to offer coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall restrict any non-Federal health insurance issuer offering a health plan from offering separate coverage for gender transition procedures described in such subparagraph, or a plan that includes such gender transition procedures, so long as premiums for such separate coverage or plan are not paid for with any amount attributable to the credit allowed under this section (or the amount of any advance payment of the credit under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act). . (2) Disallowance of small employer health insurance expense credit for plan which includes coverage for gender transition procedures Subsection (h) of section 45R of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (A) by striking Any term and inserting the following: (1) In general Any term ; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) Exclusion of health plans including coverage for gender transition procedures (A) In general The term qualified health plan does not include any health plan that includes coverage for gender transition procedures (other than any procedure described in section 306 of title 1, United States Code). (B) Separate coverage or plan for gender transition procedures allowed (i) Option to purchase separate coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed as prohibiting any employer from purchasing for its employees separate coverage for gender transition procedures described in such subparagraph, or a health plan that includes such gender transition procedures, so long as no credit is allowed under this section with respect to the employer contributions for such coverage or plan. (ii) Option to offer coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall restrict any non-Federal health insurance issuer offering a health plan from offering separate coverage for gender transition procedures described in such subparagraph, or a plan that includes such gender transition procedures, so long as such separate coverage or plan is not paid for with any employer contribution eligible for the credit allowed under this section. . (b) Application to multi-State plans Section 1334(a) of Public Law 111–148 ( 42 U.S.C. 18054(a) ) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (7) Coverage consistent with Federal policy regarding gender transition procedures In entering into contracts under this subsection, the Director shall ensure that no multi-State qualified health plan offered in an Exchange provides health benefits coverage for which the expenditure of Federal funds is prohibited under chapter 4 of title 1, United States Code. . (c) Effective date The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years ending after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, but only with respect to plan years beginning after such date, and the amendment made by subsection (b) shall apply to plan years beginning after such date.

118 S1597 IS: Protecting Children From Experimentation Act of 2023 U.S. Senate 2023-05-15 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 1597 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES May 15, 2023 Mr. Marshall (for himself, Mrs. Blackburn , Mr. Cramer , Mr. Braun , Mr. Daines , Mrs. Hyde-Smith , Mr. Mullin , and Mr. Wicker ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To amend chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, to prohibit gender transition procedures on minors, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protecting Children From Experimentation Act of 2023 . 2. Gender transition procedures on minors prohibited Chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following: 2260B. Gender transition procedures on minors (a) In general Any physical or mental healthcare professional who knowingly performs or provides a referral for any gender transition procedure on a minor shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. (b) Prohibition on prosecution of person on whom procedures are performed No person on whom the gender transition procedure under subsection (a) is performed may be arrested or prosecuted for an offense under this section. (c) Civil action A person on whom a gender transition procedure is performed under this section may bring a civil action for appropriate relief against each person who performed the gender transition procedure. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) Biological sex The term biological sex means the biological indication of male and female in the context of reproductive potential or capacity, such as sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and nonambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth, without regard to the psychological, chosen, or subjective experience of the gender of an individual. (2) Cross-sex hormones The term cross-sex hormones means— (A) testosterone or other androgens given to biological females at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological females; and (B) estrogen given to biological males at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological males. (3) Gender The term gender means the psychological, behavioral, social, and cultural aspects of being male or female. (4) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process in which an individual goes from identifying with and living as a gender that corresponds to his or her biological sex to identifying with and living as a gender different from his or her biological sex, and may involve social, legal, or physical changes. (5) Gender transition procedure (A) In general The term gender transition procedure means any medical or surgical service that seeks— (i) to alter or remove physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for the individual’s biological sex; or (ii) to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the individual’s birth sex. (B) Inclusions For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term medical or surgical service includes— (i) physician's services; (ii) inpatient and outpatient hospital services; (iii) prescribed drugs relating to gender transition; (iv) a medical service that provides— (I) puberty-blocking drugs; (II) cross-sex hormones; or (III) other mechanisms to promote the development of feminizing or masculinizing features (in the opposite sex); and (v) gender transition surgery. (C) Exclusions The term gender transition procedure does not include— (i) services to individuals born with a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including an individual with external biological sex characteristics that are irresolvably ambiguous, such as an individual born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, an individual born with 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or an individual born having both ovarian and testicular tissue; (ii) services provided when a physician has otherwise diagnosed a disorder of sexual development in which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a biological male or biological female; or (iii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of gender transition procedures, whether or not the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether or not funding for the gender transition procedure is permissible under this section. (6) Gender transition surgery (A) In general The term gender transition surgery means any medical or surgical service that seeks to surgically alter or remove healthy physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for the individual’s biological sex in order to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the individual’s birth sex. (B) Inclusions The term gender transition surgery includes genital gender transition surgery and non-genital gender transition surgery. (C) Exclusions The term gender transition surgery does not include any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless surgery is performed for the purpose of a gender transition or for the alleviation of psychological or mental distress. (7) Genital gender transition surgery The term genital gender transition surgery means a surgical procedure performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition, including— (A) for biologically male patients, a penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, and vulvoplasty; and (B) for biologically female patients, a hysterectomy/ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, and implantation of erection or testicular prostheses. (8) Minor The term minor means an individual under the age of 18. (9) Non-genital gender transition surgery The term non-genital gender transition surgery means a surgical procedure performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition, including— (A) for biologically male patients, augmentation mammoplasty, facial feminization surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, thyroid cartilage reduction, gluteal augmentation (implants/lipofilling), hair reconstruction, and various aesthetic procedures; and (B) for biologically female patients, subcutaneous mastectomy, voice surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, pectoral implants, and various aesthetic procedures. (10) Puberty-blocking drugs The term puberty-blocking drugs means— (A) Gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other synthetic drugs used in biological males to stop luteinizing hormone secretion and therefore testosterone secretion; and (B) synthetic drugs used in biological females that stop the production of estrogen and progesterone, when used to delay or suppress pubertal development in children for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. ; and (2) by amending the table of sections for such chapter by adding at the end the following: 2260B. Gender transition procedures on minors. .

118 S1709 IS: Empower Parents to Protect Their Kids Act of 2023 U.S. Senate 2023-05-18 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 1709 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES May 18, 2023 Mr. Cotton (for himself, Mrs. Hyde-Smith , Mr. Braun , and Mr. Scott of Florida ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions A BILL To require elementary schools and secondary schools that receive Federal funds to obtain parental consent before facilitating a child's gender transition in any form, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Empower Parents to Protect Their Kids Act of 2023 . 2. Findings Congress finds the following: (1) Some school districts are violating parental and familial rights by encouraging or instructing staff to deceive or withhold information from parents if their child is seeking to transition genders. Without parental knowledge or consent, schools are facilitating social gender transitions by changing the names and pronouns of children in school, or even allowing children to change which sex-segregated facilities they use, such as dormitories for overnight field trips. (2) Powerful teachers unions and activist organizations are pressuring more schools to adopt policies to enable children, of any age, to change their gender identity at school without parental notice or consent. (3) Contrary to the unfounded assertions of activists, socially transitioning a child is not a neutral, uncontroversial decision, but an experimental intervention that has immediate effects on a child’s psychology and a high likelihood of changing the life path of a child. A social gender transition may make it more difficult for a child to reverse course later on, thereby increasing the likelihood that the child will continue on to a medical transition , resulting in life-changing, irreversible consequences. (4) Any policies that attempt to circumvent parental authority are a violation of parents’ constitutionally protected rights to direct the care, custody, and upbringing of their children as recognized by the Supreme Court. Further, policies that withhold information from parents or ask children about intimate details of their family life violate Federal statutes designed to uphold a parent’s rights and duties in education. School districts implementing such policies are misrepresenting or entirely ignoring these statutes and constitutional protections. (5) Schools should never be allowed to intrude on family life by misleading parents and confusing children. 3. Requirement of parental consent (a) In general No Federal funds shall be made available to any elementary school or secondary school unless the elementary school or secondary school, with respect to students enrolled at the school who have not yet reached 18 years of age, complies with each of the following requirements: (1) School employees do not proceed with any accommodation intended to affirm a student’s purported gender identity, where the student’s purported gender identity is incongruous with biological sex, or any action to facilitate a gender transition, including referral or recommendation to any third-party medical provider, unless the employees have received express parental consent to do so. (2) School employees do not facilitate, encourage, or coerce students to withhold information from their parents regarding the student’s gender transition or the student’s purported gender identity, where the student’s purported gender identity is incongruous with biological sex. (3) School employees do not withhold or hide information from parents about a student’s requested gender transition or a student’s purported gender identity, where the student’s purported gender identity is incongruous with biological sex. (4) School employees do not pressure or coerce the parents of students, or students themselves, to proceed with any treatment or intervention to affirm the student’s purported gender identity, where that gender identity is incongruous with biological sex. (b) Rules of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed— (1) to prevent a school employee from contacting appropriate legal authorities about an imminent threat to a student’s physical safety in the event that the school employee knows or has a reasonable suspicion that the student is at risk of physical abuse, as defined in section 1169 of title 18, United States Code; or (2) to deprive any parent of the right to be involved in a child’s actions or discussions about gender transition, without the due process of law. (c) Ensuring compliance (1) In general The head of each Federal agency shall require each application for Federal assistance submitted by a State educational agency or local educational agency to the head of such Federal agency— (A) to describe the steps that each elementary school and secondary school served by the State educational agency or local educational agency proposes to take to ensure compliance with the requirements under this section and how these steps preserve and protect the authority of the family; and (B) to ensure that— (i) a copy of the written policy that each elementary school and secondary school served by the State educational agency or local educational agency has to ensure compliance with the requirements under this section is provided to the head of such Federal agency and to the families of enrolled students; and (ii) each such policy is clearly and publicly posted on the website of the school. (2) Establishment of criteria The head of each Federal agency may establish criteria and provide technical assistance for meeting the requirements of this section. (d) Civil action for certain violations (1) In general A qualified party may, in a civil action, obtain appropriate relief with regard to a designated violation. (2) Administrative remedies not required An action under this section may be commenced, and relief may be granted, without regard to whether the party commencing the action has sought or exhausted any available administrative remedy. (3) Defendants in actions under this section may include governmental entities as well as others An action under this section may be brought against any elementary school or secondary school receiving Federal financial assistance or any governmental entity assisting an elementary school or secondary school. (4) Nature of relief In an action under this section, the court shall grant— (A) all appropriate relief, including injunctive relief and declaratory relief; and (B) to a prevailing plaintiff, reasonable attorneys’ fees and litigation costs. (5) Attorneys fees for defendant If a defendant in a civil action under this subsection prevails and the court finds that the plaintiff’s suit was frivolous, the court shall award a reasonable attorney’s fee in favor of the defendant against the plaintiff. (e) Definitions In this section: (1) Biological sex The term biological sex means the biological indication of male and female in the context of reproductive potential or capacity, such as sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and nonambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth, without regard to a person's psychological, chosen, or subjective experience of gender. (2) Designated violation The term designated violation means an actual or threatened violation of this section. (3) ESEA The terms elementary school and secondary school have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7801 ). (4) Gender identity The term gender identity means a person’s self-perception of their gender or claimed gender, regardless of the person’s biological sex. (5) Gender transition (A) In general The term gender transition includes both medical transition and social transition. (B) Medical transition The term medical transition means any medical or surgical intervention undertaken to alter the body of a person in order to assert an identity incongruent with biological sex or undertaken to create or facilitate the development of physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the person's biological sex. (C) Social transition The term social transition means any action taken to affirm a person's asserted gender identity that is in contradiction to the person's biological sex, including decisions pertaining to the use of sex-specific facilities and accommodations, participation in sex-segregated sports or activities, pronoun and name usage, boarding, sleeping and travel arrangements for field trips (including overnight trips), and dress code guidelines. (6) Governmental entity The term governmental entity means a school district, a local educational agency, a school board, or any agency or other governmental unit or subdivision of a State responsible for education, or of such a local government. (7) Qualified party The term qualified party means— (A) the Attorney General of the United States; or (B) any parent or legal guardian adversely affected by the designated violation.

118 S187 IS: No Tax Breaks for Radical Corporate Activism Act of 2023 U.S. Senate 2023-01-31 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 187 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES January 31, 2023 Mr. Rubio (for himself and Mr. Daines ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Finance A BILL To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to deny the trade or business expense deduction for the reimbursement of employee costs of child gender transition procedure or travel to obtain an abortion. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the No Tax Breaks for Radical Corporate Activism Act of 2023 . 2. Denial of deduction (a) In general Section 162 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsection (s) as subsection (t), and by inserting after subsection (r) the following new subsection: (s) Disallowance of certain expenses relating to abortion or child gender transition (1) In general No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter to an employer for any amount paid or incurred to reimburse an employee for, or to otherwise pay, expenses in connection with— (A) travel for the purpose of obtaining an abortion, or (B) any gender transition procedure for a minor child of the employee. (2) Definitions For purposes of this subsection— (A) Gender transition procedure (i) In general The term gender transition procedure means any medical or surgical service which seeks to alter or remove physiological or anatomical characteristics or features which are typical for the individual's biological sex, or to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics which resemble a sex different from the individual's birth sex, for the purpose of gender transition, including— (I) physician's services and inpatient and outpatient hospital services, including gender transition surgery, and (II) prescribed drugs related to gender transition, including puberty-blocking drugs, cross-sex hormones, or other mechanisms to promote the development of feminizing or masculinizing features (in the opposite sex). (ii) Exceptions Such term does not include— (I) services for treatment of a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including— (aa) external biological sex characteristics which are irresolvably ambiguous, such as presence of 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or both ovarian and testicular tissue, or (bb) other physician-diagnosed disorder of sexual development, with respect to which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a biological male or biological female, or (II) treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder caused or exacerbated by the performance of any gender transition procedure, whether or not the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether not a deduction for expenses in connection with the gender transition procedure is allowable under this chapter. (iii) Gender The term gender means the psychological, behavioral, social, and cultural aspects of being male or female. (iv) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process in which an individual goes from identifying with and living as a gender that corresponds to his or her biological sex to identifying with and living as a gender different from his or her biological sex, and may involve social, legal, or physical changes. (v) Gender transition surgery (I) In general The term gender transition surgery means any surgical service, including genital or non-genital surgery, performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (II) Exception Such term does not include any service performed because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness which would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless surgery is performed. (vi) Genital surgery The term genital surgery includes surgical procedures such as— (I) penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, or vulvoplasty for biologically male patients, and (II) hysterectomy, ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, or implantation of erection or testicular prostheses for biologically female patients. (vii) Non-genital surgery The term non-genital surgery includes surgical procedures such as liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, and— (I) augmentation mammoplasty, facial feminization surgery, thyroid cartilage reduction, gluteal augmentation (whether implants or lipofilling), hair reconstruction, or various aesthetic procedures for biologically male patients, and (II) subcutaneous mastectomy, pectoral implants, or various aesthetic procedures for biologically female patients. (viii) Puberty-blocking drugs The term puberty-blocking drugs means Gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other synthetic drugs used in biological males to stop luteinizing hormone secretion and therefore testosterone secretion, and synthetic drugs used in biological females to stop the production of estrogen and progesterone, when used to delay or suppress pubertal development in children for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (ix) Cross-sex hormones The term cross-sex hormones means testosterone or other androgens given to biological females at doses which are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological females, and estrogen given to biological males at doses which are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological males. (B) Minor child The term minor child means an individual who has not attained age 18. . (b) Effective date The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act.

118 S200 IS: Parental Rights Over The Education and Care of Their Kids Act U.S. Senate 2023-02-01 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 200 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES February 1, 2023 Mr. Scott of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. Crapo , Mr. Graham , Mrs. Hyde-Smith , Mr. Scott of Florida , Mr. Rubio , and Mr. Risch ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions A BILL To require elementary and middle schools that receive Federal funds to obtain parental consent before changing a minor child's gender markers, pronouns, or preferred name on any school form or allowing a child to change the child's sex-based accommodations, including locker rooms or bathrooms. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Parental Rights Over The Education and Care of Their Kids Act or the PROTECT Kids Act . 2. Findings Congress finds the following: (1) The law in the United States has long recognized the importance of parental rights. A parent’s right to oversee the care and education of their child is guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment. (2) Parents have a fundamental, constitutionally guaranteed right to raise and educate their children in the way that they choose. (3) Public schools across the country are violating these fundamental parental and familial rights by deliberately hiding information about gender transitioning children from their parents. (4) School staff in Montgomery County Public Schools in Maryland instruct teachers to form gender transition plans for students without the knowledge or consent of the student’s family. (5) An Iowa public school district was sued for allowing children as young as 12 to create gender support plans without the knowledge or consent of the students’ parents. (6) Fairfax County Public Schools in Virginia has required all teachers to complete a training program saying that parental permission is not required for students who seek to be addressed by different names or pronouns. (7) Regardless of their intentions, these schools are sabotaging the parent-child relationship and encouraging children to keep secrets from the adults who are charged with protecting and defending them—their parents. (8) Children do best when their parents are actively involved in their education. School districts, activist organizations, and teachers unions must never be allowed to intrude on parental rights by concealing critical information from parents about their children. 3. Requirement related to gender markers, pronouns, and preferred names on school forms As a condition of receiving Federal funds, any elementary school (as such term is defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7801 )) or school that consists of only middle grades (as such term is defined in such section), that receives Federal funds shall be required to obtain parental consent before— (1) changing a minor child's gender markers, pronouns, or preferred name on any school form; or (2) allowing a child to change the child's sex-based accommodations, including locker rooms or bathrooms.

II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 2357 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES July 18, 2023 Mr. Vance introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Finance A BILL To amend chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, to prohibit gender-affirming care on minors, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protect Children’s Innocence Act . I Gender-affirming care on minors prohibited 101. Gender-affirming care on minors prohibited Chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following: 2260B. Gender-affirming care on minors (a) Definitions In this section: (1) Biological sex The term biological sex means the indication of male or female sex by reproductive potential or capacity, sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, or internal or external genitalia present at birth. (2) Gender-affirming care (A) In general Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term gender-affirming care means, with respect to an individual, any of the following: (i) Performing any surgery for the purpose of changing the body of the individual to correspond to a sex that differs from the individual's biological sex, including— (I) castration; (II) orchiectomy; (III) scrotoplasty; (IV) vasectomy; (V) hysterectomy; (VI) oophorectomy; (VII) ovariectomy; (VIII) metoidioplasty; (IX) penectomy; (X) phalloplasty; (XI) vaginoplasty; (XII) vaginectomy; (XIII) vulvoplasty; (XIV) reduction thyrochondroplasty; (XV) chondrolaryngoplasty; and (XVI) mastectomy. (ii) Any plastic surgery that feminizes or masculinizes the facial features of the individual for the purposes described in clause (i). (iii) Any placement of chest implants in the individual to create feminine breasts for the purposes described in clause (i). (iv) Any placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region of the individual for the purposes described in clause (i). (v) Administering, supplying, prescribing, dispensing, distributing, or otherwise conveying to the individual medications for the purposes described in clause (i), including— (I) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (commonly known as GnRH ) analogues or other puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normal puberty; (II) testosterone or other androgens to a biological female at doses that are supraphysiologic to the female sex; and (III) estrogen to a biological male at doses that are supraphysiologic to the male sex. (B) Exception Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to conduct with respect to the following individuals: (i) An individual with both ovarian and testicular tissue. (ii) An individual who does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action, as determined by a physician through genetic or biochemical testing. (iii) An individual experiencing infection, disease, injury, or disorder caused or exacerbated by previous gender transition procedures. (iv) An individual suffering from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of a major bodily function unless a procedure described in that subparagraph is performed. (3) Minor The term minor means any individual under the age of 18 years. (b) Prohibition on performing gender-affirming care on minors (1) Offense It shall be unlawful, in any circumstance described in subsection (e), to knowingly perform any gender-affirming care on a minor. (2) Penalty Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 12 years, or both. (c) Prohibition on prosecution of person on whom intervention is performed A person on whom gender-affirming care is performed may not be arrested or prosecuted for an offense under subsection (b). (d) Civil action A person on whom gender-affirming care is performed in violation of subsection (b) may bring a civil action in an appropriate district court of the United States for appropriate relief, including compensatory and punitive damages, against each person who performed the gender-affirming care. (e) Circumstances described The circumstances referred to in subsection (b) are that— (1) the defendant or victim traveled in interstate or foreign commerce, or traveled using a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in that subsection; (2) the defendant used a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in that subsection; (3) any payment of any kind was made, directly or indirectly, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in that subsection using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce; (4) the defendant transmitted in interstate or foreign commerce any communication relating to or in furtherance of the conduct described in that subsection— (A) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce; or (B) in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means or in any manner, including by computer, mail, wire, or electromagnetic transmission; (5) any instrument, item, substance, or other object that has traveled in interstate or foreign commerce was used to perform the conduct described in that subsection; (6) the conduct described in that subsection occurred in— (A) the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States; or (B) a territory or possession of the United States; or (7) the conduct described in that subsection otherwise occurred in or affected interstate or foreign commerce. (f) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting provision of the medical services described in subsection (a)(2)(A) to address legitimate health issues, such as any male or female reproductive cancers, apart from changing the body of an individual to correspond to a sex that differs from the individual's biological sex. ; and (2) in the table of sections, by adding at the end the following: 2260B. Gender-affirming care on minors. . II Prohibiting federally funded gender-affirming care 201. Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender-affirming care Title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 4 Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender-affirming care 301. Prohibition on funding for gender-affirming care. 302. Prohibition on funding for health benefits plans that cover gender-affirming care. 303. Limitation on Federal facilities and employees, Federal land and territories, and Tribal territories. 304. Effect on separate coverage. 305. Effect on use of non-Federal funds for health coverage. 306. Application to complications arising from gender-affirming care. 307. Application to individuals born with medically verifiable disorder of sex development. 308. Gender-affirming care defined. 309. Effect of chapter. 301. Prohibition on funding for gender-affirming care No funds authorized or appropriated by Federal law, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are authorized or appropriated by Federal law, including funds provided under titles XVIII, XIX, and XXI of the Social Security Act, shall be expended for any gender-affirming care. 302. Prohibition on funding for health benefits plans that cover gender-affirming care No funds authorized or appropriated by Federal law, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are authorized or appropriated by Federal law, shall be expended for health benefits coverage that includes coverage of gender-affirming care. 303. Limitation on Federal facilities and employees, Federal land and territories, and Tribal territories Gender-affirming care may not be included in any health care service furnished by— (1) a health care facility owned or operated by the Federal Government; (2) a health care facility operated on Federal land, in a territory, or in a Tribal territory; or (3) any physician or other individual providing health care services within the scope of the physician’s or individual’s employment who is— (A) employed by the Federal Government; or (B) employed by a health care facility operated on Federal land, in a territory, or in a Tribal territory. 304. Effect on separate coverage Nothing in this chapter prohibits any individual, entity, or State or locality from purchasing separate coverage for gender-affirming care or health benefits coverage that includes gender-affirming care, on the condition that such coverage— (1) is paid for entirely using funds— (A) not authorized or appropriated by Federal law; or (B) not received from Federal programs, platforms, or infrastructure; (2) does not cover any practice that would be subject to penalty under section 2260B of title 18; and (3) is not purchased using matching funds required for a federally subsidized program, including a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds. 305. Effect on use of non-Federal funds for health coverage Nothing in this chapter restricts the ability of any non-Federal health benefits coverage provider from offering coverage for gender-affirming care, or the ability of a State or locality to contract separately with such a provider for such coverage, on the condition that such coverage— (1) is paid for entirely using funds— (A) not authorized or appropriated by Federal law; or (B) not received from Federal programs, platforms, or infrastructure; (2) does not cover any practice that would be subject to penalty under section 2260B of title 18; and (3) is not purchased using matching funds required for a federally subsidized program, including a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds. 306. Application to complications arising from gender-affirming care Nothing in this chapter applies to the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused or exacerbated by the performance of a gender-affirming care, regardless of whether— (1) the gender-affirming care was performed in accordance with Federal or State law; or (2) funding for the gender-affirming care is permissible under section 307. 307. Application to individuals born with medically verifiable disorder of sex development The prohibitions and limitations described in sections 301, 302, and 303 shall not apply to conduct with respect to an individual described in section 2260B(a)(2)(B) of title 18. 308. Gender-affirming care defined For purposes of this chapter, the term gender-affirming care has the meaning given such term in section 2260B of title 18. 309. Effect of chapter Nothing in this chapter prohibits the provision of the medical services described in section 2260B(a)(2)(B) of title 18, to address any male or female reproductive cancers (other than medical services to change the body of an individual to correspond to a sex that differs from the individual’s biological sex). . 202. Amendment to table of chapters The table of chapters for title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 4. Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender-affirming care 301 . III Application under the Affordable Care Act 301. Clarifying application of prohibition to premium credits and cost-sharing reductions under ACA (a) In general (1) Disallowance of refundable credit and cost-sharing reductions for coverage under qualified health plan which provides coverage for gender-affirming care (A) In general Subparagraph (A) of section 36B(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: or any health plan that includes coverage for gender-affirming care (other than any gender-affirming care or treatment described in section 306 or 307 of title 1, United States Code) . (B) Option to purchase or offer separate coverage or plan Paragraph (3) of section 36B(c) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (C) Separate coverage or plan for gender-affirming care allowed (i) Option to purchase separate coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed as prohibiting any individual from purchasing separate coverage for gender-affirming care described in such subparagraph, or a health plan that includes such gender-affirming care, so long as no credit is allowed under this section with respect to the premiums for such coverage or plan and such coverage or plan does not cover any practice that would be subject to penalty under section 2260B of title 18, United States Code. (ii) Option to offer coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall restrict any non-Federal health insurance issuer offering a health plan from offering separate coverage for gender-affirming care described in such subparagraph, or a plan that includes such gender-affirming care, so long as premiums for such separate coverage or plan are not paid for with any amount attributable to the credit allowed under this section (or the amount of any advance payment of the credit under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act) and such coverage or plan does not cover any practice that would be subject to penalty under section 2260B of title 18, United States Code. . (2) Disallowance of small employer health insurance expense credit for plan which includes coverage for gender-affirming care Subsection (h) of section 45R of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (A) by striking Any term and inserting the following: (1) In general Any term ; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) Exclusion of health plans including coverage for gender-affirming care (A) In general The term qualified health plan does not include any health plan that includes coverage for gender-affirming care (other than any gender-affirming care or treatment described in section 306 or 307 of title 1, United States Code). (B) Separate coverage or plan for gender-affirming care allowed (i) Option to purchase separate coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed as prohibiting any employer from purchasing for its employees separate coverage for gender-affirming care described in such subparagraph, or a health plan that includes such gender-affirming care, so long as no credit is allowed under this section with respect to the employer contributions for such coverage or plan and such coverage does not cover any practice that would be subject to penalty under section 2260B of title 18, United States Code. (ii) Option to offer coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall restrict any non-Federal health insurance issuer offering a health plan from offering separate coverage for gender-affirming care described in such subparagraph, or a plan that includes such gender-affirming care, so long as such separate coverage or plan is not paid for with any employer contribution eligible for the credit allowed under this section and such coverage or plan does not cover any practice that would be subject to penalty under section 2260B of title 18, United States Code. . (b) Application to multi-State plans Section 1334(a) of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 18054(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: (8) Coverage consistent with Federal policy regarding gender-affirming care In entering into contracts under this subsection, the Director shall ensure that no multi-State qualified health plan offered in an Exchange provides health benefits coverage for which the expenditure of Federal funds is prohibited under chapter 4 of title 1, United States Code. . (c) Effective date The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years ending after the date that is one year after the date of enactment of this Act, but only with respect to plan years beginning after such date, and the amendment made by subsection (b) shall apply to plan years beginning after such date. IV Additional Provisions 401. Prohibition on institutions of higher education and accrediting agencies or associations (a) Prohibition on institutions of higher education Section 487(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1094(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: (30) The institution will not offer instruction in gender-affirming care (as defined in section 2260B of title 18, United States Code). . (b) Prohibition on accrediting agencies or associations Section 496(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1099b(a)) is amended— (1) by striking and at the end of paragraph (7); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (8) and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (9) such agency or association does not accredit any institution that offers instruction in gender-affirming care (as defined in section 2260B of title 18, United States Code). . 402. Immigration consequences with respect to providing gender-affirming care (a) Definition of gender-Affirming care Section 101(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: (53) The term gender-affirming care shall have the meaning given such term in section 2260B of title 18, United States Code. . (b) Classes of aliens ineligible for visas or admission Section 212(a)(1)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii)(II), by striking or at the end; (2) in clause (iv), by striking the comma at the end and inserting , or ; and (3) by inserting after clause (iv) the following: (v) who is determined to have performed gender-affirming care on a child that has not attained the age of 18 years old, . (c) Classes of deportable aliens Section 237(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: (8) Gender-affirming care Any alien who has performed gender-affirming care on a child who has not attained the age of 18 years old is deportable. .

118 S2394 IS: Guaranteeing Unalienable and Anatomical Rights for Dependents U.S. Senate 2023-07-19 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 2394 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES July 19, 2023 Mr. Cotton (for himself, Mr. Vance , Mr. Hawley , and Mr. Rubio ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions A BILL To amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to disqualify any State that discriminates against parents or guardians who oppose medical, surgical, pharmacological, psychological treatment, or clothing and social changes related to affirming the subjective claims of gender identity expressed by any minor if such claimed identity is inconsistent with such minor’s biological sex from receiving funding under such Act. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Guaranteeing Unalienable and Anatomical Rights for Dependents or the GUARD Act . 2. State grant requirements The Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5101 et seq. ) is amended by inserting after section 3 the following: 4. State grant requirements (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no State may receive funding under this Act if such State takes any adverse action or otherwise discriminates against parents, guardians, or legal representatives who oppose medical, surgical, pharmacological, psychological treatment, or other medical intervention, or clothing, name or pronoun use, or other social changes or practices related to transitioning to or affirming the claims or expressions of gender identity of any minor under the charge, care, or supervision of the parent, guardian, or legal representative, if such gender identity is inconsistent, in such parent's, guardian's, or legal representative's estimation, with such minor’s biological sex, as determined definitively at or before birth, regardless of any medical diagnosis or indication of gender dysphoria, body dysphoria, dissociative identity disorder, or social anxiety disorder. (b) Enforcement In the case of an award made by the Secretary under this Act in violation of subsection (a), any parent, guardian, or legal representative who experienced an adverse action or other discrimination described in subsection (a) by a State receiving funding under this Act may bring an action, in an appropriate Federal district court of the United States or State court, against the Department of Health and Human Services, seeking to enjoin the Secretary from continuing such award to such State and to require the State awarded amounts in violation of subsection (a) to return such funds to the Treasury. .

118 S2797 IS: Protecting Conscience in Our Health Care Act U.S. Senate 2023-09-13 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 2797 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES September 13, 2023 Mr. Rubio (for himself, Mr. Vance , Mr. Tillis , and Mrs. Hyde-Smith ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To ensure religious freedom and rights of conscience for health care workers and other government employees, and to protect health care workers and other government employees from various forms of compelled speech. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protecting Conscience in Our Health Care Act . 2. Definitions In this Act: (1) Covered entity The term covered entity means a hospital, health clinic, medical organization, or other health care entity, using Federal funds to implement a program or activity, or a related policy. (2) Federal funds The term Federal funds includes direct and indirect Federal financial assistance. (3) Program or activity The term program or activity has the meaning given the term in section 606 of the Civil Rights Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 2000d–4a ). (4) Sex Except as provided in section 3(a)(6), the term sex — (A) means the biological indication of male and female in the context of natural reproductive potential or capacity, such as genes or sex chromosomes, gonads, and nonambiguous internal and external genitalia present at or before birth; and (B) does not include an individual’s psychological, chosen, or subjective experience. (5) State government or agency The term State , used with respect to a government or agency, means a government or agency, respectively, using Federal funds to implement a program or activity, or a related policy. 3. Federal funds limitation to protect against compelled speech and action (a) Prohibition on compelled speech and action No Federal or State government or agency, or covered entity shall— (1) require an employee to participate in a seminar, workshop, training, or other educational or professional activity, or in using a curriculum, that advocates for the idea that an individual can have an identity that is incongruent with their sex; (2) require an employee to attend or participate in an event or activity affirming, celebrating, or supporting an identity that is incongruent with an individual’s sex; (3) require, as a condition of employment or good standing with the government, agency, or entity involved, that an employee pledge or otherwise commit to support or condone an identity that is incongruent with an individual’s sex through verbal affirmation, written recognition, or any physical exercise; (4) require, as a condition of employment or good standing with the government, agency, or entity involved, that an employee sign a statement of commitment to a particular belief or form of social action that supports, condones, or advances the idea that an individual can have an identity that is incongruent with their sex; (5) require, as a condition of employment or good standing with the government, agency, or entity involved, that an employee wear apparel or an accessory that supports or condones an identity that is incongruent with an individual’s sex; (6) require an employee to affirm and use preferred pronouns of another, including a medical patient, without regard for whether those pronouns conflict with the employee’s religious or moral beliefs, or the employee’s understanding of the relationship between sex and identity; (7) require an employee to share the employee’s preferred pronouns upon meeting or interacting with another individual or patient, or to include preferred pronouns on or in a name tag, email signature, business card, or other regular means of communication; or (8) terminate an employee’s employment because, based on their religious or moral beliefs, the employee refuses to support, condone, or acknowledge someone’s professed identity that is incongruent with sex, including refusing to carry out any activity that a Federal or State government or agency, or covered entity may not require under any of paragraphs (1) through (7). (b) Prohibition on retaliation It shall be unlawful for a Federal or State government or agency, or covered entity to intimidate, threaten, coerce, or discriminate against any individual because the individual has made a complaint, testified, assisted, or participated in any manner in a civil action under section 4. (c) Remedy The remedies, procedures, and rights set forth in title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq. ) shall be available to— (1) any person aggrieved by any violation of subsection (a) by a State government or agency, or covered entity; and (2) any person aggrieved by any violation of subsection (b) by a Federal or State government or agency, or covered entity, with respect to the amount of Federal financial assistance expended for the period of the violation. 4. Private right of action for affected individuals (a) In general Any individual employed by a Federal or State government or agency, or covered entity may bring a civil action in an appropriate district court of the United States against the government, agency, or entity involved for a violation of section 3(a). (b) Remedy In the case that the individual described in subsection (a) demonstrates such a violation, the individual shall be entitled to— (1) declaratory and injunctive relief; and (2) reasonable attorney’s fees, and costs of the action, that the court determines are appropriate to award to a prevailing plaintiff.

118 S3035 IS: Protecting Our Kids from Harmful Research Act U.S. Senate 2023-10-04 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 3035 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES October 4, 2023 Mr. Lee (for himself, Mr. Lankford , Mr. Hawley , Mr. Tuberville , Mr. Rubio , Mr. Daines , Mr. Braun , Mr. Cruz , and Mr. Wicker ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions A BILL To prohibit the use of Federal funds for gender transition in minors. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protecting Our Kids from Harmful Research Act . 2. Prohibition on use of Federal funds for gender transition in minors (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funds may be used to fund research or publications relating to gender transition in individuals under the age of 18, including any observational studies that gather evidence on the provision of hormonal treatments or surgical procedures on minors, for the purpose of— (1) affirming a minor’s perception of his or her sex, if that perception is incongruent with such minor’s sex; or (2) affirming a minor’s asserted identity, if the asserted identity is incongruent with such minor’s sex. (b) Definition For purposes of this section, the term sex shall be recognized based solely on a person’s reproductive biology and genetics at birth.

118 S3438 IS: Sensible Adoption For Every Home Act U.S. Senate 2023-12-07 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 3438 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES December 7, 2023 Mr. Cotton introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Finance A BILL To prohibit entities receiving Federal assistance that are involved in adoption or foster care placements from delaying or denying placements under certain conditions. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Sensible Adoption For Every Home Act or the SAFE Home Act . 2. State plan requirement under the Federal foster care and adoption assistance program (a) In general Section 471(a) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 671(a) ) is amended— (1) by striking and at the end of paragraph (36); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (37) and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (38) (A) prohibits any entity that receives Federal assistance and is involved in adoption or foster care placements from delaying or denying the placement of a minor child for adoption or into foster care, or otherwise discriminating in making a placement decision with a prospective or actual adoptive or foster parent, for any of the following reasons— (i) the parent raises, cares for, and addresses a child in a manner consistent with the child’s sex; (ii) the parent declines to consent to a child receiving any medical, surgical, pharmacological, or psychological treatment or other medical or mental health service for the purpose of attempting to alter the appearance of, or to validate a child’s perception of, the child’s sex, if the appearance or perception is inconsistent with the child’s sex; or (iii) the parent declines to consent to an amendment or alteration to a child’s birth certificate, passport, driver’s license, school records, or other government-issued identification document, if the amendment or alteration is inconsistent with the child’s sex; and (B) for purposes of this paragraph, defines— (i) the term sex as biological sex, either male or female; (ii) the term female as an individual who has, had, will have, or but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident would have, a reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization; and (iii) the term male as an individual who has, had, will have, or but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident would have, a reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. . (b) Effective date (1) In general The amendment made by this Act shall take effect on the 1st day of the 1st fiscal quarter beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to payments under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act for calendar quarters beginning on or after such date. (2) Delay permitted if state legislation required If the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that State legislation (other than legislation appropriating funds) is required in order for a State plan developed pursuant to part E of title IV of the Social Security Act to meet the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this Act, the plan shall not be regarded as failing to meet any of the additional requirements before the 1st day of the 1st calendar quarter beginning after the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. For purposes of the preceding sentence, if the State has a 2-year legislative session, each year of the session is deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature.

118 S3729 IS: Protection of Women in Olympic and Amateur Sports Act U.S. Senate 2024-02-01 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 2d Session S. 3729 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES February 1, 2024 Mr. Tuberville introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation A BILL To modify eligibility requirements for amateur sports governing organizations. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protection of Women in Olympic and Amateur Sports Act . 2. Eligibility requirements (a) Definition Section 220501(b) of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (13) female means an individual who has, had, will have—or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident—the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (14) male means an individual who has, had, will have—or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident—the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. (15) sex means an individual’s biological sex, either male or female. . (b) Eligibility Section 220522 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking and at the end; (2) in paragraph (19), by striking the period and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (20) prohibits a person whose sex is male from participating in an amateur athletic competition that is designated for females, women, or girls. .

118 S435 IS: Ensuring Military Readiness Act of 2023 U.S. Senate 2023-02-15 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 435 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES February 15, 2023 Mr. Rubio (for himself, Mrs. Blackburn , Mr. Budd , Mr. Tuberville , and Mr. Braun ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Armed Services A BILL To provide requirements related to the eligibility of individuals who identify as transgender from serving in the Armed Forces. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Ensuring Military Readiness Act of 2023 . 2. Limitations on military service by individuals who identify as transgender Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations regarding service of individuals who identify as transgender as follows: (1) Persons who identify as transgender with a history of diagnosis of gender dysphoria are disqualified from military service except under the following limited circumstances: (A) Individuals may serve in the Armed Forces if they have been stable for 36 consecutive months in their biological sex prior to accession. (B) Members of the Armed Forces diagnosed with gender dysphoria after entering into service may be retained if they do not undergo gender transition procedures and remain deployable within applicable retention standards for their biological sex. (C) Members of the Armed Forces serving as of the date of the enactment of this Act who have been diagnosed with gender dysphoria may continue to serve only in their biological sex, irrespective of any changes previously made to their gender marker in the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS), and receive medically necessary treatment for gender dysphoria. Such treatment may not include gender transition procedures. (2) Persons who identify as transgender who seek or have undergone gender transition are disqualified from military service. (3) Persons who identify as transgender without a history or diagnosis of gender dysphoria, who are otherwise qualified for service and meet all physical and mental requirements, may serve in the Armed Forces in their biological sex. 3. Revised regulations regarding gender markings Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations updating the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS) to require the gender markers for members of the Armed Forces to match their biological sex, irrespective of any previous changes allowed. 4. Definitions In this Act: (1) Cross-sex hormones The term cross-sex hormones means testosterone or other androgens given to biological females at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological females, or estrogen given to biological males at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological males. (2) Gender The term gender means the psychological, behavioral, social, and cultural aspects of being male or female. (3) Gender dysphoria The term gender dysphoria means a marked incongruence between one’s experienced or expressed gender and biological sex. (4) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process by which a person goes from identifying with and living as a gender that corresponds to his or her biological sex to identifying with and living as a gender different from his or her biological sex, and may involve social, legal, or physical changes. (5) Gender transition procedures The term gender transition procedures — (A) means— (i) any medical or surgical intervention, including physician's services, inpatient and outpatient hospital services, or prescribed drugs related to gender transition, that seeks to alter or remove physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for the individual’s biological sex or to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the individual’s birth sex, including medical services that provide puberty-blocking drugs, cross-sex hormones, or other mechanisms to promote the development of feminizing or masculinizing features (in the opposite sex); and (ii) genital or non-genital gender transition surgery performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition; and (B) does not include— (i) services to those born with a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including a person with external biological sex characteristics that are irresolvably ambiguous, such as those born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or having both ovarian and testicular tissue; (ii) services provided when a physician has otherwise diagnosed a disorder of sexual development, in which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the person does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a biological male or biological female; or (iii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of gender transition procedures, whether or not the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether or not funding for the gender transition procedure is permissible. (6) Gender transition surgery The term gender transition surgery means any medical or surgical service that seeks to surgically alter or remove healthy physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for the individual’s biological sex in order to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the individual’s birth sex, including genital or non-genital gender reassignment surgery performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (7) Genital gender transition surgery The term genital gender transition surgery includes surgical procedures such as penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, or vulvoplasty for biologically male patients or hysterectomy, ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, or implantation of erection or testicular prostheses for biologically female patients, when performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (8) Non-genital gender transition surgery The term non-genital gender transition surgery — (A) includes, when performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition— (i) surgical procedures such as augmentation mammoplasty, facial feminization surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, thyroid cartilage reduction, gluteal augmentation (implants or lipofilling), hair reconstruction, or various aesthetic procedures for biologically male patients; or (ii) subcutaneous mastectomy, voice surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, pectoral implants or various aesthetic procedures for biologically female patients; and (B) does not include any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless surgery is performed, unless the procedure is for the purpose of a gender transition. (9) Puberty-blocking drugs The term puberty-blocking drugs means, when used to delay or suppress pubertal development in children for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition— (A) Gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other synthetic drugs used in biological males to stop luteinizing hormone secretion and therefore testosterone secretion; and (B) synthetic drugs used in biological females that stop the production of estrogen and progesterone. (10) Sex; birth sex; biological sex The terms sex , birth sex, and biological sex refer to the biological indication of male and female in the context of reproductive potential or capacity, such as sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and non-ambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth, without regard to an individual’s psychological, chosen, or subjective experience of gender.

118 S457 IS: Protecting Our Kids from Child Abuse Act U.S. Senate 2023-02-15 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 457 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES February 15, 2023 Mr. Hawley introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To establish a Federal tort against pediatric gender clinics and other entities pushing gender-transition procedures that cause bodily injury to children or harm the mental health of children. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protecting Our Kids from Child Abuse Act . 2. Federal tort for harm to children caused by gender-transition procedures (a) Definitions In this section: (1) Gender transition procedure (A) In general Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term gender-transition procedure means— (i) the prescription or administration of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists or any other puberty-blocking drugs for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual's biological sex of male or female; (ii) the prescription or administration of testosterone (when prescribed to a female) or estrogen (when prescribed to a male) for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex of male or female; or (iii) a surgery to change the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex of male or female. (B) Exception The term gender-transition procedure does not include— (i) an intervention described in subparagraph (A) that is performed on— (I) an individual with biological sex characteristics that are inherently ambiguous, such as those born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or having both ovarian and testicular tissue; or (II) an individual with respect to whom a physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action, for a biological male or biological female; (ii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused or exacerbated by the performance of an intervention described in subparagraph (A) without regard to whether the intervention was performed in accordance with State or Federal law or whether the intervention is covered by the private right of action under subsection (c); or (iii) any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless the procedure is performed. (2) Hospital The term hospital has the meaning given such term in section 1861(e) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1395x(e) ). (3) Institution of higher education The term institution of higher education has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 ). (4) Medical practitioner The term medical practitioner means a person who is licensed, certified, or otherwise authorized by the laws of a State to administer health care in the ordinary course of the practice of the person’s profession. (5) Minor The term minor means an individual who has not yet reached 18 years of age. (6) Pediatric gender clinic The term pediatric gender clinic means a medical facility that specializes in the diagnosis or treatment of gender discordance and gender dysphoria in minors, including medical interventions such as therapeutic diagnosis of gender dysphoria and performance of (or referral for) gender-transition procedures on minors. (b) Liability The following individuals and entities shall be liable in accordance with this section to any individual who suffers bodily injury or harm to mental health (including any physical, psychological, emotional, or physiological harm) that is attributable, in whole or in part, to a gender-transition procedure performed on the individual when the individual was a minor: (1) A pediatric gender clinic where the gender-transition procedure was provided. (2) Any medical practitioner who administered health care, at the time of the particular procedure, at the pediatric gender clinic where the gender-transition procedure was provided. (3) An institution of higher education that hosts, operates, partners with, provides funding to, or is otherwise affiliated with the pediatric gender clinic where the gender-transition procedure was provided. (4) A hospital that hosts, operates, partners with, provides funding to, or is otherwise affiliated with the pediatric gender clinic where the gender-transition procedure was provided. (5) Any medical practitioner who performed the gender-transition procedure on the individual. (c) Private right of action An individual who suffers bodily injury or harm to mental health that is attributable, in whole or in part, to a gender-transition procedure provided to the individual when the individual was a minor may, not later than 30 years after the date on which the individual turns 18 years of age, bring a civil action against an individual or entity described in subsection (b), in an appropriate district court of the United States or a State court of competent jurisdiction for— (1) compensatory damages; (2) punitive damages; and (3) attorney’s fees and costs. (d) Affirmative defense It shall be an affirmative defense to an action brought by or on behalf of an individual upon whom a gender-transition procedure was performed under subsection (c) that the pediatric gender clinic or medical practitioner who performed the gender-transition procedure on the individual, at all relevant times, did not know and had no reason to know that the individual in question was a minor. 3. Prohibition on funding No Federal funds may be made available— (1) to a pediatric gender clinic; (2) to an institution of higher education or hospital that hosts, operates, partners with, provides funding to, or is otherwise affiliated with, a pediatric gender clinic; or (3) for any gender-transition procedure performed on a minor. 4. Effective date and retroactive application This Act shall— (1) take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) apply to any gender-transition procedure that took place before, on, or after the effective date under paragraph (1). 5. Severability If any provision of this Act, or the application of such provision to any person or circumstance, is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder of this Act, and the application of the remaining provisions of this Act, to any person or circumstance, shall not be affected.

85 S4638 RS: National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025 U.S. Senate 2024-06-20 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II Calendar No. 433 118th CONGRESS 2d Session S. 4638 Report No. 118–188 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES July 8, 2024 Mr. Reed , from the Committee on Armed Services , reported the following original bill; which was read twice and placed on the calendar A BILL To authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2025 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025 . 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table of contents (a) Divisions This Act is organized into four divisions as follows: (1) Division A—Department of Defense Authorizations. (2) Division B—Military Construction Authorizations. (3) Division C—Department of Energy National Security Authorizations and Other Authorizations. (4) Division D—Funding Tables. (b) Table of contents The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table of contents. Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. Sec. 4. Budgetary effects of this Act. DIVISION A—Department of Defense authorizations TITLE I—Procurement Subtitle A—Authorization of appropriations Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Army programs Sec. 111. Centralized security monitoring program for facilities of the Army. Sec. 112. Strategy for Army active protection systems. Sec. 113. Certification of additional manufacturer for low, slow, small unmanned aircraft integrated defeat system of the Army. Subtitle C—Navy programs Sec. 121. Extension of prohibition on availability of funds for Navy port waterborne security barriers. Sec. 122. Constellation-class frigate program. Sec. 123. Limitation on the construction of the Landing Ship Medium. Sec. 124. Authority for the procurement, leasing, or chartering of a medium-sized landing ship. Sec. 125. Annual report on surface ship suppliers. Sec. 126. Block buy contract and multiyear procurement authority for CH–53K heavy lift helicopter program. Sec. 127. Modification of requirement to incorporate advanced degaussing systems into Arleigh Burke class destroyers. Sec. 128. Modification of authority to purchase used vessels under the National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 129. Authority for incrementally funded contract for the construction of a Virginia-class submarine. Sec. 130. Sense of Congress on aircraft carrier acquisition strategies. Sec. 130A. Modifications to procurement authorities for certain amphibious shipbuilding programs. Subtitle D—Air Force programs Sec. 131. Prohibition on certain reductions to inventory of E–3 airborne warning and control system aircraft. Sec. 132. Management of temporary relocation of B–1 bomber aircraft and personnel. Sec. 133. Modification of requirements for cost-benefit and technical risk analysis for F–35 propulsion and thermal management modernization program. Sec. 134. Plan for sustainment and recapitalization of Air National Guard fighter fleet. Sec. 135. Air base air defense. Sec. 136. Annual report on Air Force tactical fighter aircraft force structure. Sec. 137. Extension of limitations and minimum inventory requirement relating to RQ–4 aircraft. Sec. 138. Modification of inventory requirements for aircraft of the combat air forces. Subtitle E—Defense-wide, joint, and multiservice matters Sec. 141. Modification of pilot program to accelerate the procurement and fielding of innovative technologies. Sec. 142. Plan for signals intelligence capabilities of armed overwatch aircraft. Sec. 143. Assessments of inventory requirements for air-to-air missiles. TITLE II—Research, development, test, and evaluation Subtitle A—Authorization of appropriations Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Program requirements, restrictions, and limitations Sec. 211. Ensuring compliance with Department of Defense policy when awarding research grants. Sec. 212. Extension of Global Research Watch Program. Sec. 213. Competitive demonstration of automated target recognition algorithms. Sec. 214. Modifications to test program for engineering plant of DDG(X) destroyer vessels. Sec. 215. Assignment of Department of Defense responsibility for international collaboration on directed energy weapons. Sec. 216. Expansion of authority for technology protection features activities. Sec. 217. Laboratory Quality Enhancement Program. Sec. 218. Limitation on availability of funds for fundamental research collaboration with certain institutions. Sec. 219. Detail authority for Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency to support technology transition. Sec. 220. Prohibition on award of research or development contracts or grants to educational institutions that have violated certain civil rights. Subtitle C—Plans, reports, and other matters Sec. 231. Improvements relating to defining, identifying, and planning the artificial intelligence workforce of the Department of Defense. Sec. 232. Development and implementation of a plan on advancing interests of Department of Defense in matters relating to electromagnetic spectrum in international engagements or fora. Sec. 233. Report on geographic presence of the Defense Innovation Unit. Sec. 234. Report on obligations and expenditure rates for basic research. Sec. 235. Electromagnetic spectrum demonstration program. Sec. 236. Pilot program on development of near-term use cases and demonstration of artificial intelligence toward biotechnology applications for national security. Sec. 237. Roadmap for addressing research and development needs in biotechnology for the Department of Defense. Sec. 238. Plan for optimization of Irregular Warfare Technical Support Directorate. Sec. 239. National Defense Economic Competition Research Council. Sec. 240. Defense Science Board study on long-term operations and availability of Kwajalein Atoll as a Major Range and Test Facility Base. Sec. 241. Pilot programs on use of artificial intelligence. Sec. 242. Duties of Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer Governing Council relating to artificial intelligence models and advanced artificial intelligence technologies. Sec. 243. Quantum Scaling Initiative. Sec. 244. Incorporating human readiness levels into research, development, test, and evaluation activities. Sec. 245. Management and utilization of digital data to enhance maintenance activities. Sec. 246. Extension and modification of Directed Energy Working Group. Sec. 247. Directed Energy Roadmap and Activity Funding Report. Sec. 248. Pilot program on establishing entities and consortia to conduct prototyping and production of critical and emerging technologies. TITLE III—Operation and Maintenance Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment Sec. 311. Implementation of Inspector General recommendations relating to oversight of defense fuel support points. Sec. 312. Initiative to control and combat the spread of invasive species. Sec. 313. Modification of definition of antenna structure project under Military Aviation and Installation Assurance Clearinghouse for review of mission obstructions. Sec. 314. Provision by Secretary of the Air Force of meteorological data for Air Force and Army. Sec. 315. Modification of sustainable aviation fuel pilot program. Sec. 316. Study and report on the greenhouse gas and toxic pollutant emissions of the production and utilization of non-tactical vehicles of the Department of Defense. Sec. 317. Repeal of limitation on procurement of drop-in fuels; annual report. Subtitle C—Treatment of Perfluoroalkyl Substances and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Sec. 321. Interim responses to address releases or threatened releases of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances. Sec. 322. Increase of transfer authority for funding of study and assessment on health implications of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances contamination in drinking water by Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry. Sec. 323. Pilot program for performance of maintenance and repair on forward-deployed naval force ships in foreign shipyards. Subtitle D—Logistics and Sustainment Sec. 331. Warehouse utilization organization alignment. Sec. 332. Authority for Government-Owned, Government-Operated facilities to access Production Base Support funds. Sec. 333. Codification and permanent extension of authority for reimbursement of expenses for certain Navy mess operations afloat. Sec. 334. Plan for secondary sources in the munitions supply chain. Sec. 335. Counter unmanned aerial system threat library. Subtitle E—Reports Sec. 341. Modification of readiness reports to include total number of combat readiness upgrades or downgrades. Sec. 342. Extension and expansion of incident reporting requirements for Department of Defense. Sec. 343. Report on landing fees collected by installations of the Air Force located outside the continental United States. Sec. 344. Annual briefing on operational readiness of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron prior to commencement of the official hurricane season. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 351. Authority for detection and monitoring of illegal drugs regardless of destination. Sec. 352. Extension of protection of certain facilities and assets from unmanned aircraft. Sec. 353. Limitation on availability of funds for travel expenses of Office of Secretary of Defense. Sec. 354. Retrofitting of anti-lock brake system and electronic stability control kit for certain Army vehicles. Sec. 355. Coordination of planning with respect to stockpiles of basic life sustaining and personnel items and equipment. Sec. 356. Pre-positioned stocks of finished defense textile articles. Sec. 357. Pilot program for advanced manufacturing in the Indo-Pacific region. TITLE IV—Military personnel authorizations Subtitle A—Active forces Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. Sec. 402. Annual end-strength authorization for the Space Force. Subtitle B—Reserve forces Sec. 411. End strengths for selected reserve. Sec. 412. End strengths for reserves on active duty in support of the reserves. Sec. 413. End strengths for military technicians (dual status). Sec. 414. Maximum number of reserve personnel authorized to be on active duty for operational support. Sec. 415. Exemption of National Guard Bilateral Affairs Officers from active-duty end strength limits and modification of annual reporting requirement regarding security cooperation activities. Subtitle C—Authorization of appropriations Sec. 421. Military personnel. TITLE V—Military personnel policy Subtitle A—Officer personnel policy Sec. 501. Repeal of active duty service requirement for warrant officer appointments in Air Force and Space Force. Sec. 502. Talent management and personnel retention for members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 503. Authority to increase the number of nurse officers recommended for promotion. Sec. 504. Vice Chief of Space Operations; vacancy in position of Chief of Space Operations. Sec. 505. Eligibility for consideration for promotion: time-in-grade and other requirements. Sec. 506. Effect of failure of selection for promotion: captains and majors of the Army, Air Force, Marine Corps, and Space Corps and lieutenants and lieutenant commanders of the Navy. Sec. 507. Removal of officers from a list of Space Force officers recommended for promotion. Sec. 508. Consideration of merit by special selection review boards. Sec. 509. Modification of authority to separate officers when in the best interest of the service. Sec. 509A. Improvements relating to Medical Officer of the Marine Corps position. Sec. 509B. Longer term and eligibility for appointment to rank of Admiral of Commander of Naval Sea Systems Command. Subtitle B—Reserve component management Sec. 511. Permanent modification to the Army National Guard and Air National Guard inactive National Guard statute. Sec. 512. Expanded authority to continue reserve component officers in certain military specialties on the reserve active-status list. Sec. 513. Authority to extend military technicians until age 62. Sec. 514. Extension of time period for transfer or discharge of certain Army and Air Force reserve component general officers. Sec. 515. Transfer to the Space Force of covered space functions of the Air National Guard of the United States. Sec. 516. Report on effect of Air National Guard unit leveling. Subtitle C—General service authorities and military records Sec. 521. Marine Corps Deputy Commandants. Sec. 522. Treatment of veterans who did not register for the selective service. Sec. 523. Selective Service Director appointment subject to Senate confirmation. Sec. 524. Continuity of coverage under certain provisions of title 18, United States Code. Sec. 525. Technical and conforming amendments related to the Space Force. Sec. 526. Modified authority to provide protection to senior leaders of the Department of Defense and other specified persons. Sec. 527. Modification of persons not qualified for enlistment definition. Sec. 528. Improving military administrative review. Sec. 529. Combat status identifier equivalent for remotely piloted aircraft crew. Sec. 529A. Military training and competency records. Sec. 529B. Exemption of women forced to register for draft from requirements to serve in combat roles. Subtitle D—Military justice and other legal matters Sec. 531. Consolidation of military justice reporting requirements for the military departments. Sec. 532. Term of office for judges of the Court of Military Commission Review. Sec. 533. Aiding the enemy definition for purposes of the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 534. Pre-referral requirements related to sufficiency of admissible evidence. Sec. 535. Detailing of appellate defense counsel. Sec. 536. Expanded command notifications to victims of domestic violence. Sec. 537. Remote appearance before a board of inquiry. Sec. 538. Extension of Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces. Sec. 539. Reimbursement of expenses and property damage for victims of designated offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 540. Removal of marriage as a defense to article 120b offenses. Sec. 541. Removal of personally identifying and other information of certain persons from the Department of Defense Central Index of Investigations. Sec. 542. Authority of special trial counsel with respect to certain offenses occurring before effective date of military justice reforms. Sec. 543. Investigations of sexual assaults in the National Guard. Sec. 544. Analysis on the advisability to revise Military Rule of Evidence 513. Subtitle E—Member education, training, and transition Sec. 551. Improving effectiveness of the future servicemember preparatory course. Sec. 552. Determination of active duty service commitment for recipients of fellowships, grants, and scholarships. Sec. 553. Modernizing Marine Corps Platoon Leaders Class college tuition assistance program to account for inflation. Sec. 554. Modification of authority to engage in funded and unfunded law education programs. Sec. 555. Distance education option for professional military education. Sec. 556. Extension of Troops-to-Teachers program extension; prohibition on travel until reinstated. Sec. 557. Inclusion of Space Force professional military education programs in definitions of senior and intermediate level service schools and as covered programs for copyright purposes. Sec. 558. Opt-out sharing of information on members retiring or separating from the Armed Forces with community-based organizations and related entities. Sec. 559. Required constitutional law training. Sec. 560. Information on nominations and applications for military service academies. Sec. 561. Improvements to financial literacy training. Subtitle F—Military family readiness and dependents’ education PART I—Dependents’ Education Sec. 571. Advisory committees for Department of Defense domestic dependents schools. Sec. 572. Expansion of eligibility for virtual programs operated by Department of Defense Education Activity. Sec. 573. Authorization for school meal programs at Department of Defense dependents schools. Sec. 574. Staffing of Department of Defense Education Activity schools to maintain maximum student-to-teacher ratios. Sec. 575. Enrollment in defense dependents' education system of children of foreign military members assigned to United Nations Command. Sec. 576. Certain assistance to local educational agencies that benefit dependents of military and civilian personnel. Sec. 577. Eligibility of certain dependents for enrollment in domestic dependent elementary and secondary schools. PART II—Other Matters Sec. 578. Redesign and modernization of child development program compensation and staffing models. Sec. 579. Support for expanding early child care options for members of the Armed Forces and their families. Sec. 579A. Inclusive Playground Pilot Program. Subtitle G—Junior Officers’ Training Corps Sec. 581. Number of enrolled students requirement for Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps unit participation. Sec. 582. Waiver authority for Junior Reserve Officer's training Corps minimum participation requirement. Sec. 583. JROTC waiting list. Sec. 584. Number of Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps units. Sec. 585. Extension of JROTC programs to the Job Corps. Subtitle H—Decorations and other awards, miscellaneous reports, and other matters Sec. 591. Authority to award or present a decoration following a congressionally requested review. Sec. 592. Posthumous advancement of General John D. Lavelle, United States Air Force, on the retired list. Sec. 593. Authorization for posthumous award of the Distinguished Service Cross to William D. Owens for acts of valor at La Fiere Bridge. Subtitle I—Enhanced recruiting efforts Sec. 595. Improved access to high school and college students for recruiting. Sec. 596. National Commission on Quality of Life for the All-Volunteer Armed Force. Sec. 597. Military Entrance Processing Command processing pilot. Sec. 597A. Military accessions standards review. Subtitle J—Automatic Selective Service System registration Sec. 598. References. Sec. 598A. Selective Service System automatic registration. Sec. 598B. Elimination of Selective Service System registration incentives. Sec. 598C. Technical and conforming amendments. Sec. 598D. Effective date. Subtitle K—Other matters Sec. 599. Evaluation of military recruits and officer candidates for drug use. Sec. 599A. Promoting military, national, and public service. Sec. 599B. Course to educate interested individuals about opportunities to contribute to national security. TITLE VI—Compensation and Other Personnel Benefits Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances Sec. 601. Reform of basic pay rates. Sec. 602. Authority to pay higher rates of partial basic allowance for housing for unaccompanied housing. Sec. 603. Authority to pay basic allowance for housing to junior enlisted members on sea duty. Sec. 604. Extension of travel allowance for members of the Armed Forces assigned to Alaska. Subtitle B—Bonus and Incentive Pays Sec. 611. One-year extension of certain expiring bonus and special pay authorities. Sec. 612. Increase in maximum skill proficiency bonus amount. Sec. 613. Increase in accession bonus for health professions scholarship and financial assistance program. Sec. 614. Extension of authority to pay one-time uniform allowance for officers who transfer to the Space Force. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 621. Calculation of retired pay for certain officers who served in grade O–9 or O–10 and retired in grade O–8. Sec. 622. Extension of time for minor survivors to file death gratuity claims. Sec. 623. Access to high-speed internet and wireless network connections for certain members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 624. Extension of exclusion of certain employees from Government lodging program. Sec. 625. Restrictions on retired and reserve members of the Armed Forces receiving employment and compensation indirectly from foreign governments through private entities. Sec. 626. Retroactive effective date of promotions of senior officers of Armed Forces that were delayed as a result of suspension of Senate confirmation. Sec. 627. Fertility and adoption demonstration program. Sec. 628. Selling certain consumer routers and modems on military installations. Sec. 629. Prohibition on sale of garlic from the People's Republic of China at commissary stores. TITLE VII—Health Care Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits Sec. 701. Health care licensure portability for TRICARE network providers providing mental health services to members of the Armed Forces and certain family members. Sec. 702. Reduction or waiver of cost-sharing amounts under TRICARE pharmacy benefits program for certain dependents enrolled in TRICARE Prime Remote program. Sec. 703. Implementation of authority to provide travel and transportation allowances for specialty care under exceptional circumstances. Sec. 704. Expansion of eligibility for hearing aids to include children of retired members of the uniformed services enrolled in family coverage under TRICARE Select. Sec. 705. Fertility treatment for certain members of the uniformed services and dependents. Sec. 706. Access to specialty behavioral health care under TRICARE Prime. Sec. 707. Assessment on options for inclusion of assisted reproductive technology as services covered under the TRICARE program for members of the Armed Forces and dependents. Sec. 708. Restriction on performance of sex change surgeries. Sec. 709. Prohibition of coverage under TRICARE program of certain medical procedures for children that could result in sterilization. Subtitle B—Brain Health Matters Sec. 711. Modifications to Brain Health Initiative of Department of Defense. Sec. 712. Establishment of Defense Intrepid Network for Traumatic Brain Injury and Brain Health as program of record. Sec. 713. Brain health and trauma demonstration program. Subtitle C—Health Care Administration Sec. 721. Establishment of Indo-Pacific medical readiness program. Sec. 722. Improved implementation of financial relief for civilians treated in military medical treatment facilities. Sec. 723. Extension of time for modifications to premium sharing plans under TRICARE dental program. Sec. 724. Medical countermeasures for overseas personnel of the Department of Defense for acute radiation syndrome and thermal burns. Sec. 725. Establishment of public user satisfaction targets related to electronic health record of Defense Health Agency. Sec. 726. Plan of Department of Defense to address recruitment processing delays relating to health record system. Subtitle D—Access to Contraception Sec. 731. Contraception coverage parity under the TRICARE program. Sec. 732. Pregnancy prevention assistance at military medical treatment facilities for sexual assault survivors. Sec. 733. Education on family planning for members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 734. Inclusion of comprehensive contraceptive counseling in health assessment forms. Subtitle E—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 741. Extension of authority for joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs medical facility demonstration fund. Sec. 742. Treatment of expert medical opinions with respect to medical malpractice claims by members of the uniformed services. Sec. 743. Expansion of license reciprocity for veterinarians of Department of Defense. Sec. 744. Plan to ensure access of members of the Armed Forces to safe, high-quality pharmaceuticals. Sec. 745. Pilot program on delegation of authority to approve recruits with certain medical conditions. Sec. 746. Infectious disease wastewater surveillance system of Department of Defense. Sec. 747. Reports on suicide among members of the Armed Forces and suicide prevention programs and activities of the Department of Defense. Sec. 748. Report on plan for testing for helicobacter pylori for certain members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 749. Report on non-covered expenses related to cancer treatments for members of the Armed Forces and their dependents. TITLE VIII—Acquisition policy Subtitle A—Acquisition policy and management Sec. 801. Modifications to other transaction authority. Sec. 802. Streamlining of Milestone A requirements. Sec. 803. Streamlining of Milestone B requirements. Sec. 804. Modification of major defense acquisition program definition. Sec. 805. Middle tier of acquisition for rapid prototyping and rapid fielding. Sec. 806. Advisory panel on the requirements process of the Department of Defense. Sec. 807. Modification to submission of certified cost or pricing data. Sec. 808. Autonomous system acquisition pathways. Sec. 809. Designation of program executive office for acquisition of open-source intelligence tools for Army. Sec. 810. Ensuring competition in artificial intelligence procurement. Sec. 811. Prohibition on the transfer of certain data on employees of the Department of Defense to third parties. Subtitle B—Amendments to general contracting authorities, procedures, and limitations Sec. 821. Limitation on certain options for cost contracts. Sec. 822. Treatment of unilateral definitization of a contract as a final decision. Sec. 823. Updates to earned value management system requirements. Sec. 824. Pilot program on capability-based analysis of price of goods or services offered by nontraditional defense contractors. Sec. 825. Extension of the pilot program for streamlining awards for innovative technology projects. Sec. 826. Use of fixed-price type contracts for certain shipbuilding programs. Sec. 827. Modifications to commercial product and commercial service determinations. Sec. 828. Requirement for contractors to provide reasonable access to repair materials. Subtitle C—Industrial base matters Sec. 841. Domestic nonavailability determinations. Sec. 842. Pilot program for the qualification of alternative sources. Sec. 843. Domestic production of stainless steel flatware and dinnerware. Sec. 844. Inclusion of recycled and reused minerals and metals in preference for sourcing of strategic and critical materials. Sec. 845. Process for consulting on national security import reviews. Sec. 846. Solid rocket motor industrial base. Sec. 847. Pharmaceutical supplier compliance with data submission requirements. Sec. 848. Report and updated guidance on continued risk management for pharmaceutical supply chains of Department of Defense. Sec. 849. Report on impact of mergers and acquisitions on the defense industrial base. Sec. 850. Defense industrial revitalization. Sec. 851. Transparency in acquisition waivers issued by the Department of Defense. Sec. 852. Report on capacity to increase domestic industrial production and procurement of strategic and critical materials. Sec. 853. Employment transparency regarding individuals who perform work in the People's Republic of China. Sec. 854. Department of Defense manufacturing authorities. Subtitle D—Small business matters Sec. 861. Pilot program for tracking awards made through other transaction authority. Sec. 862. Small Business Bill of Rights. Sec. 863. Pilot program for the participation of military research and educational institutions in the STTR program. Sec. 864. Department of Defense pilot program for preliminary calculation estimates for certain programs. Subtitle E—Other matters Sec. 871. Small uncrewed aerial systems supply chain strategy. Sec. 872. Modification to extramural acquisition innovation and research activities. Sec. 873. Modifications to contractor employee protections from reprisal for disclosure of certain information. Sec. 874. Modifications to Comptroller General assessment of acquisition programs. Sec. 875. Modifications to guidelines and collection method for acquisition of cost data. Sec. 876. Program for distribution support and services for contractors. Sec. 877. Inclusion of Japan and the Republic of Korea in contested logistics demonstration and prototyping program. Sec. 878. Modification to limitation on acquisition of excess supplies. Sec. 879. Technical edits to sourcing requirements for strategic materials and sensitive materials. Sec. 880. Technical amendments to title 10, United States Code, and other provisions of law. Sec. 881. Pilot program for commercial production of munitions. Sec. 882. Pilot program on use of reverse engineering for production of parts. Sec. 883. Prohibition on operation, procurement, and contracting related to foreign-made light detection and ranging technology used on manned or unmanned systems. Sec. 884. Reports on Joint Warfighter Cloud Capability contracts. Sec. 885. Phase-out of computer and printer acquisitions involving entities owned or controlled by China. Sec. 886. Prohibition on Department of Defense contracts with Chinese-owned online tutoring services. Sec. 887. Requirement to procure domestically produced generic drugs. Sec. 888. Procurement of Department of Defense advanced chemistry batteries. Sec. 889. Prohibition on procurement and commissary sales of seafood originating or processed in China. Sec. 890. Extension of post-government restrictions on senior Department of Defense officials seeking employment with defense contractors. TITLE IX—Department of Defense Organization and Management Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters Sec. 901. Requirement to notify Congress when Deputy Secretary of Defense is performing functions and duties of Secretary of Defense. Sec. 902. Increase in authorized number of Deputy Assistant Secretaries of Defense. Sec. 903. Matters relating to Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict. Sec. 904. Enhanced coordination on international cooperation activities. Sec. 905. Force sizing analysis for strategic competition. Sec. 906. Inclusion in Defense Planning Guidance of guidance on size, structure, and posture of special operations forces. Sec. 907. Review of Biodefense Posture Review. Sec. 908. Plan for adequate staffing of Office of Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy and Joint Production Accelerator Cell. Sec. 909. Establishment of Chief Management Officer; elevation of Director of Administration and Management. Subtitle B—Other Department of Defense Organization and Management Matters Sec. 911. Establishment of Office of Expanded Competition. Sec. 912. Joint Federated Assurance Center. Sec. 913. Modifications to make permanent the Office of Strategic Capital program on capital assistance. Sec. 914. Addition of Performance Improvement Officer as co-chair of Defense Business Council. Sec. 915. Establishment of cross-functional team to oversee implementation of recommendations of Commission on Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution Reform. Sec. 916. Counter-Unmanned Aircraft Systems Task Force. Sec. 917. Modification to the President of the Defense Acquisition University. Sec. 918. Plan for permanent establishment of Special Reconnaissance and Enabling Command. Sec. 919. Affiliate relationships between Army special operations forces and combat-enabling units of general purpose forces. Sec. 920. Feasibility study on expanding the services provided by the Air Force Office of Commercial and Economic Analysis. Sec. 921. Limitation on use of funds for altering Air Force Global Strike Command. Sec. 922. Senior Integration Group for Indo-Pacific Region. Sec. 923. Defense Advisory Committee on Diversity and Inclusion Renewal. Sec. 924. Limitation on availability of funds until Department of Defense complies with certain legal requirements. TITLE X—General provisions Subtitle A—Financial matters Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. Sec. 1002. Revision of Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation. Sec. 1003. Repeal of audit incentive element in report requirement of Financial Improvement and Audit Remediation Plan. Sec. 1004. Pilot program for the temporary exchange of information technology personnel. Sec. 1005. Authority to use Defense Modernization Account funds for time-sensitive equipment modernization. Subtitle B—Counterdrug activities Sec. 1011. Capacity building and security cooperation with Mexico to counter threats posed by transnational criminal organizations. Sec. 1012. Authority of Department of Defense in surveillance of southwest border of United States. Sec. 1013. Treatment by Department of Defense of request for support at southwest border of United States. Subtitle C—Naval vessels Sec. 1021. Improving Navy assessments required prior to start of construction on first ship of a shipbuilding program. Sec. 1022. Requirements for the unmanned maritime autonomy architecture. Sec. 1023. Competitive demonstration of extra large unmanned underwater vehicles. Sec. 1024. Extension of the National Commission on the Future of the Navy. Sec. 1025. Clarification of exception to Berry Amendment requirements for procurement of vessels in foreign waters. Sec. 1026. Expansion of shipbuilding infrastructure of the Navy. Subtitle D—Counterterrorism Sec. 1031. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. Sec. 1032. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to construct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1033. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to certain countries. Sec. 1034. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to close or relinquish control of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Subtitle E—Miscellaneous authorities and limitations Sec. 1041. Protection against misuse of Naval Special Warfare Command insignia. Sec. 1042. Modified requirements for report on the plan for the nuclear weapons stockpile, nuclear weapons complex, nuclear weapons delivery systems, and nuclear weapons command and control system. Sec. 1043. Prohibition on use of funds to support entertainment projects with ties to the Government of the People’s Republic of China. Sec. 1044. Assessments of casualties and fatalities during hostilities. Sec. 1045. Establishment of major mishap incident designation classification for Department of Defense incidents. Sec. 1046. Requirements relating to payments by the Department of Defense for qualifying injuries to the brain. Sec. 1047. Longer term and eligibility for appointment to rank of Admiral of Commander of Naval Sea Systems Command. Sec. 1048. Prohibition on use of funds for resettlement in the United States of certain individuals from the West Bank or Gaza. Subtitle F—Studies and reports Sec. 1051. Report on Panama Canal security. Sec. 1052. Review of irregular warfare authorities. Sec. 1053. Extension of briefing requirement regarding civil authorities at the Southwest border. Sec. 1054. Extension of annual report on civilian casualties in connection with United States military operations. Sec. 1055. Report on subterranean operations. Sec. 1056. Analysis and report on air superiority of the Joint Force. Sec. 1057. Responding to unmanned aircraft systems incursions. Sec. 1058. Exercise for countering unmanned aerial systems. Sec. 1059. Review, assessment, and analysis of governance structure of counter-narcotics and counter-transnational organized crime activities. Sec. 1060. Modification and extension of requirement for combatant command risk assessment for airborne intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance. Sec. 1061. Consideration of protracted conflicts in planning assumptions. Sec. 1062. Study on combat accomplishments of remotely piloted aircraft crew. Sec. 1063. Report on resourcing of Arctic Strategy. Sec. 1064. Assessment of impact of transnational organized crime on military drug overdoses. Sec. 1065. Review and report on operational plans of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1066. Report on undersea cable posture. Subtitle G—Caisson services at Arlington National Cemetery Sec. 1071. Plan for procurement of military working equids for the Caisson Platoon of the 3rd Infantry Regiment of the Army. Sec. 1072. Requirement to begin conducting funerals with caisson services at Arlington National Cemetery. Sec. 1073. Monthly report on funerals at Arlington National Cemetery on hold until caisson services resume. Sec. 1074. Land for operations and training of Caisson Platoon of the 3rd Infantry Regiment of the Army. Subtitle H—Other matters Sec. 1081. Roles and responsibilities for the mitigation, identification, and treatment of traumatic brain injury and the monitoring and documentation of blast overpressure exposure. Sec. 1082. Extension of National Security Commission on Emerging Biotechnology. Sec. 1083. Enhancement of special operations riverine capability. Sec. 1084. Plan for recapitalization of special operations surface combatant craft. Sec. 1085. Homeland defense planning requirements. Sec. 1086. Authority to provide contracted assistance to secure the southern land border of the United States. Sec. 1087. Liaison with the Counter Unmanned Aerial Systems Task Force. Sec. 1088. Introduction of entities in transactions critical to national security. Sec. 1089. Prioritization of accreditation of sensitive compartmented information facilities supporting DX-rated programs. Sec. 1090. Establishment of the National Security Capital Forum. Sec. 1091. Improvements relating to portability of professional licenses of servicemembers and their spouses. Sec. 1092. Pilot program to provide military aircraft support to air shows. Sec. 1093. Establishment of requirements relating to blast overpressure exposure. Sec. 1094. Preferred alternative for the Ambler Mining District in Alaska. TITLE XI—Civilian personnel matters Sec. 1101. One-year extension of authority to waive annual limitation on premium pay and aggregate limitation on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas. Sec. 1102. One-year extension of temporary authority to grant allowances, benefits, and gratuities to civilian personnel on official duty in a combat zone. Sec. 1103. Extension of enhanced appointment and compensation authority for civilian health care professionals for care and treatment of wounded and injured members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 1104. Extension of direct hire authority for domestic industrial base facilities and Major Range and Test Facilities Base. Sec. 1105. Removal of Direct Support Activities from personnel limitation on the Office of the Secretary of Defense. Sec. 1106. Authority to provide increased voluntary separation incentive pay for civilian employees of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1107. Employment and compensation of civilian faculty members at Inter-American Defense College. Sec. 1108. Modifications to the John S. McCain Strategic Defense Fellows Program. Sec. 1109. Modification of pilot program on dynamic shaping of the workforce to improve the technical skills and expertise at certain Department of Defense laboratories. Sec. 1110. Permanent authority for noncompetitive appointments of military spouses by Federal agencies. Sec. 1111. Continuity of coverage under certain provisions of title 5, United States Code. Sec. 1112. Modification of direct hire authority for domestic defense industrial base facilities. Sec. 1113. Prohibition on establishment of new diversity, equity, and inclusion positions; prohibition on filling vacancies. Sec. 1114. Prohibition on considering applicant's commitment to diversity, equity, or inclusion in hiring process for certain positions at Department of Defense educational institutions. TITLE XII—Matters relating to foreign nations Subtitle A—Assistance and training Sec. 1201. Acceptance and expenditure of contributions for multilateral security cooperation activities. Sec. 1202. Modification of authority to build capacity. Sec. 1203. Authority to build capability and capacity of foreign civilian medical support entities for resilience in crisis and conflict. Sec. 1204. Modification of authority for Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School. Sec. 1205. Extension of authority for reimbursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. Sec. 1206. Modification of United States-Israel anti-tunnel cooperation. Sec. 1207. Extension and modification of authority for Department of Defense support for stabilization activities in the national security interest of the United States. Sec. 1208. Extension of security cooperation programs with foreign partners to advance implementation of the Women, Peace, and Security Act. Sec. 1209. Extension and modification of Defense Operational Resilience International Cooperation Pilot Program. Sec. 1210. Temporary authority to provide training to military forces or national security forces of Costa Rica and Panama. Sec. 1211. Key partners for Middle East Regional Integration Military Subject Matter Expert Exchange Program. Sec. 1212. Plan to modernize and streamline information technology systems relating to end-use monitoring functions of Defense Security Cooperation Agency. Sec. 1213. Extension of modification to authority to provide support for conduct of operations. Sec. 1214. Defense cooperation with Georgia. Sec. 1215. Extension of authority to implement the Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017. Subtitle B—Matters relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran Sec. 1221. Extension and modification of authority to provide assistance to vetted Syrian groups and individuals. Sec. 1222. Extension and modification of authority to provide assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. Sec. 1223. Preservation of security and stability in northeast Syria. Sec. 1224. Report on, and prohibition on use of funds to support, terrorist organizations in Iraq. Sec. 1225. Notification relating to arms trafficking by Iran. Sec. 1226. Assessment and plan with respect to equipment provided to Kurdish Peshmerga forces. Sec. 1227. Modification of annual report on military power of Iran. Subtitle C—Matters relating to Europe and the Russian Federation Sec. 1231. Extension of prohibition on availability of funds relating to sovereignty of the Russian Federation over internationally recognized territory of Ukraine. Sec. 1232. Modification of Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative. Sec. 1233. Extension and modification of training for Eastern European national security forces in the course of multilateral exercises. Sec. 1234. Modifications to North Atlantic Treaty Organization Special Operations Headquarters. Sec. 1235. Report on efforts to identify, disseminate, and implement lessons learned from war in Ukraine. Sec. 1236. Review, report, and plan regarding logistics networks in North America and Europe. Sec. 1237. Sense of the Senate on the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. Sec. 1238. Report on defense industrial base cooperation with Ukraine and other allies and partners in Europe. Subtitle D—Matters relating to the Indo-Pacific region Sec. 1241. Indo-Pacific Security Assistance Initiative. Sec. 1242. Indo-Pacific multilateral security assistance initiatives. Sec. 1243. Extension and modification of Pacific Deterrence Initiative. Sec. 1244. Extension and modification of authority to transfer funds for Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup. Sec. 1245. Modification of Indo-Pacific Maritime Security Initiative. Sec. 1246. Establishment of partnership program between the United States and Taiwan for military trauma care and research. Sec. 1247. Indo-Pacific extended deterrence education pilot program. Sec. 1248. Modifications to implementation plan for joint force headquarters in area of operations of United States Indo-Pacific Command. Sec. 1249. Plan to strengthen United States extended deterrence commitments to the Republic of Korea. Sec. 1250. Plan and annual report relating to trilateral security cooperation with Japan and the Republic of Korea. Sec. 1251. Modification of reporting requirement for transfer of defense articles and defense services to Taiwan. Sec. 1252. Implementation plan to support establishment of regional contingency stockpile for Taiwan. Sec. 1253. Consideration of Taiwan for enhanced defense industrial base cooperation. Sec. 1254. Transregional strategy for countering malign activities by the People’s Liberation Army. Sec. 1255. Assessment of use of Department of Defense facilities in Guam as multinational training locations. Sec. 1256. Report on costs of meeting certain requirements of foreign partners relating to agriculture, fisheries, and forestry. Sec. 1257. Returning civic action teams to the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia. Sec. 1258. Modification of public reporting of Chinese military companies operating in the United States. Sec. 1259. Annual report on military capabilities of allies and partners in Indo-Pacific region. Sec. 1260. Review, report, and plan on adequacy of logistics network in Indo-Pacific region. Sec. 1261. Fielding of a common operating picture with Taiwan. Sec. 1262. Report on corruption in People's Liberation Army. Sec. 1263. Sense of the Senate on defense alliances and partnerships in the Indo-Pacific region. Sec. 1264. Modification of cooperative program with Vietnam to account for Vietnamese personnel missing in action. Sec. 1265. Prohibition on use of funds for EcoHealth Alliance. Subtitle E—Reports Sec. 1271. Report on cooperation between the Russian Federation and the People's Republic of China. Subtitle F—Other matters Sec. 1281. Quarterly briefings on counterterrorism operations, irregular warfare, and sensitive activities. Sec. 1282. Extension and modification of security briefings on Afghanistan. Sec. 1283. Multilateral Artificial Intelligence Working Group. Sec. 1284. Report on Department of Defense role in supporting international legal operations. Sec. 1285. Report and briefing on security implications of water scarcity and food security for United States Central Command. Sec. 1286. Notifications regarding terrorist groups in Afghanistan. Sec. 1287. Report and briefing on Al-Udeid Air Base in Qatar. Sec. 1288. Middle East integrated space and satellite security capability. Sec. 1289. Improvements to security cooperation workforce and defense acquisition workforce. Sec. 1290. Independent assessment of technology release and foreign disclosure reform initiative. TITLE XIII—Cooperative Threat Reduction Sec. 1301. Cooperative Threat Reduction funds. Sec. 1302. Temporary continuation of requirement for reports on activities and assistance under Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program. TITLE XIV—Other authorizations Subtitle A—Military programs Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. Sec. 1402. Chemical agents and munitions destruction, defense. Sec. 1403. Drug interdiction and counter-drug activities, defense-wide. Sec. 1404. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1405. Defense Health Program. Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile Sec. 1411. Restoring the National Defense Stockpile. Sec. 1412. Storage of strategic and critical materials in National Defense Stockpile. Sec. 1413. Consultations with respect to environmental reviews of projects that will increase availability of strategic and critical materials for acquisition for National Defense Stockpile. Subtitle C—Other matters Sec. 1421. Eligibility of Space Force officers for membership on Armed Forces Retirement Home Advisory Council. Sec. 1422. Armed Forces Retirement Home: availability of licensed independent practitioners; resources. Sec. 1423. Authority for transfer of funds to Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. Sec. 1424. Authorization of appropriations for Armed Forces Retirement Home. TITLE XV—Space activities, strategic programs, and intelligence matters Subtitle A—Space activities Sec. 1501. Modification of Air Force space contractor responsibility watch list. Sec. 1502. Extension and modification of certifications regarding integrated tactical warning and attack assessment mission of the Department of the Air Force. Sec. 1503. Modification of milestone decision authority for space-based ground and airborne moving target indication systems. Sec. 1504. Space Force satellite ground systems. Sec. 1505. Modification of notification of foreign interference of national security space. Sec. 1506. Commercial Augmentation Space Reserve Program. Sec. 1507. Designation of Program Executive Officer for Space Command, Control, and Integration. Sec. 1508. Modification of quarterly reports on Global Positioning System III space segment, Global Positioning System operational control segment, and Military Global Positioning System user equipment acquisition programs. Sec. 1509. Resilience of position, navigation, and timing technologies and services. Subtitle B—Nuclear forces Sec. 1511. Sense of the Senate on the Congressional Strategic Posture Commission. Sec. 1512. Review of recommendations by the Strategic Posture Commission. Sec. 1513. Matters relating to the nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile. Sec. 1514. Assessment of updated force sizing requirements. Sec. 1515. Prohibition on reduction of intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States. Sec. 1516. Preparations for possible deployment of additional intercontinental ballistic missiles. Sec. 1517. Periodic updates on the pilot program on development of reentry vehicles and related systems. Sec. 1518. Periodic updates on the modernization of the Strategic Automated Command and Control System. Sec. 1519. Availability of Air Force procurement funds for heat shield material for Mk21A reentry vehicle. Sec. 1520. Limitation on availability of funds pending submission of plan for decreasing the time to upload additional warheads to the intercontinental ballistic missile fleet. Sec. 1521. Limitation on availability of funds pending submission of information on options for enhancing National Nuclear Security Administration access to the defense industrial base. Sec. 1522. Plan for operational bed down of the long range standoff weapon. Sec. 1523. Expansion of pilot program on development of reentry vehicles and related systems. Sec. 1524. Expansion of nuclear long range standoff capability. Sec. 1525. Office of the Secretary of Defense Management and Process Improvements. Subtitle C—Missile defense Sec. 1531. Establishment of a national integrated air and missile defense architecture for the United States. Sec. 1532. Reporting of incidents affecting the availability of the United States homeland missile defenses. Sec. 1533. Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system and Israeli cooperative missile defense program co-development and co-production. Sec. 1534. Plan for comprehensive ballistic missile defense radar coverage of Guam. Sec. 1535. Annual briefing on missile defense of Guam. Sec. 1536. Establishing capabilities to further Jordanian air and missile defense. Sec. 1537. Organization and codification of provisions of law relating to missile defense. Subtitle D—Other matters Sec. 1541. Defense Industrial Base workforce development strategy. Sec. 1542. Revision of Secretary of Defense authority to engage in commercial activities as security for intelligence collection activities. Sec. 1543. Extension and modification of defense intelligence and counterintelligence expense authority. Sec. 1544. Limitation on use of funds for certain unreported programs. Sec. 1545. Pilot program on establishing a geospatial workforce development program. Sec. 1546. Intelligence advice and support for Government of Israel in capturing or killing certain officials of Hamas. Sec. 1547. Establishment of pilot program for access to shared classified commercial infrastructure. Sec. 1548. Technical correction. TITLE XVI—Cyberspace-related matters Subtitle A—Matters relating to cyber operations and cyber forces Sec. 1601. Assessment of feasibility of engaging in cooperative activities with allies to mitigate cyber threats to certain undersea cables. Sec. 1602. Elevation of Joint Force Headquarters–Department of Defense Information Network as subordinate unified command of United States Cyber Command. Sec. 1603. Cyber intelligence center. Sec. 1604. Support for cyber threat tabletop exercises. Sec. 1605. Comptroller General of the United States assessment of cyber command protection of privacy and civil liberties procedures and training requirements for cyber operators. Sec. 1606. Independent evaluation regarding potential establishment of United States Cyber Force. Subtitle B—Matters relating to Department of Defense cybersecurity and information technology Sec. 1611. Cyber table top exercises with organizations in defense industrial base. Sec. 1612. Management and cybersecurity of the joint warfighting cloud capability and other multi-cloud environments. Sec. 1613. Update of biometric policy of Department of Defense. Sec. 1614. Guidance for application of zero trust strategy to Internet of Military Things hardware. Sec. 1615. Joint partner-sharing network capabilities for Middle East defense integration. Sec. 1616. Artificial Intelligence Human Factors Integration Initiative. Sec. 1617. Limitation on availability of funds for Mission Partner Environment program. Sec. 1618. Consolidation of briefing requirements relating to the relationship between the National Security Agency and United States Cyber Command. Sec. 1619. Information technology programs of the National Background Investigation Service. Sec. 1620. Cost budgeting for artificial intelligence data. Sec. 1621. Presumed reciprocal software accrediting policy. Sec. 1622. Annual evaluation of products for mobile device cybsecurity. Sec. 1623. Limitation on availability of funds for the Joint Cyber Warfighting Architecture. Sec. 1624. Briefing on course of education and pilot program on authentication of digital content provenance for certain Department of Defense media content. Sec. 1625. Modification of prohibition on purchase of cyber data products or services other than through the program management office for Department of Defense-wide procurement of cyber data products and services. Sec. 1626. Improvements relating to cyber protection support for Department of Defense personnel in positions highly vulnerable to cyber attack. Sec. 1627. Comptroller General report on efforts to protect personal information of Department of Defense personnel from exploitation by foreign adversaries. DIVISION B—Military Construction Authorizations Sec. 2001. Short title. Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and amounts required to be specified by law. Sec. 2003. Effective date. TITLE XXI—Army Military Construction Sec. 2101. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Authorization of appropriations, Army. Sec. 2104. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2018 project at Kunsan Air Base, Korea. Sec. 2105. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2019 project at Mihail Kogalniceanu FOS, Romania. Sec. 2106. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2020 projects. Sec. 2107. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2021 projects. Sec. 2108. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2022 projects. Sec. 2109. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2025 project at McAlester Army Depot, Oklahoma. TITLE XXII—Navy Military Construction Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Authorization of appropriations, Navy. Sec. 2204. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 projects. Sec. 2205. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2020 projects. Sec. 2206. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2021 projects. Sec. 2207. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2022 projects. Sec. 2208. Additional authority to carry out fiscal year 2025 project in Cooperative Security Location Comalapa, El Salvador. TITLE XXIII—Air Force Military Construction Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Authorization of appropriations, Air Force. Sec. 2304. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2017 project at Spangdahlem Air Base, Germany. Sec. 2305. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 projects. Sec. 2306. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 projects. Sec. 2307. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2020 projects. Sec. 2308. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2021 project at Joint Base Langley-Eustis, Virginia. Sec. 2309. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2022 projects. TITLE XXIV—Defense Agencies Military Construction Sec. 2401. Authorized Defense Agencies construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2402. Authorized Energy Resilience and Conservation Investment Program projects. Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, Defense Agencies. Sec. 2404. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2018 project in Iwakuni, Japan. Sec. 2405. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2019 project in Iwakuni, Japan. Sec. 2406. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2020 project in Fort Indiantown Gap, Pennsylvania. Sec. 2407. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2021 projects. Sec. 2408. Modification of authority to carry out fiscal year 2022 project at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling, District of Columbia. Sec. 2409. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2022 projects. TITLE XXV—International Programs Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, NATO. Sec. 2503. Extension of use of authorized amounts for North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program. Sec. 2504. Modification of contributions for projects executed by the United States under the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program. Sec. 2505. Contributions for projects executed by host nations other than the United States under the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program. Subtitle B—Host Country In-kind Contributions Sec. 2511. Republic of Korea funded construction projects. Sec. 2512. Republic of Poland funded construction projects. TITLE XXVI—Guard and Reserve Forces Facilities Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, National Guard and Reserve. Sec. 2607. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2018 project at Hulman Regional Airport, Indiana. Sec. 2608. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2020 projects. Sec. 2609. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2021 projects. Sec. 2610. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2022 projects. Sec. 2611. Modification of authority to carry out fiscal year 2022 project. TITLE XXVII—Base Realignment and Closure Activities Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for base realignment and closure activities funded through Department of Defense Base Closure Account. TITLE XXVIII—Military Construction General Provisions Subtitle A—Military Construction Program Sec. 2801. Inclusion of land acquisition under definition of unspecified minor military construction project. Sec. 2802. Extension of expanded authority to convey property at military installations. Sec. 2803. Authority to accept host nation financial services in the form of an irrevocable letter of credit. Sec. 2804. Modification of authority for Indo-Pacific posture unspecified minor military construction projects. Sec. 2805. Requirement that damaged or destroyed facilities are built back with resilience. Sec. 2806. Industrial plant equipment and associated services as in-kind consideration under leases of non-excess property. Sec. 2807. Ordering authority for design and construction of facilities of Department of Defense. Sec. 2808. Obligation and execution of design funds for military construction projects. Sec. 2809. Modification of definition of military installation for purposes of notifications related to basing decision-making process. Sec. 2810. Guidance regarding maintenance of aggregate square footage of buildings of Department of Defense. Sec. 2811. Pilot program to optimize and consolidate facilities of the Army for resilient and healthy defense communities. Sec. 2812. Information on military construction projects at joint bases. Sec. 2813. Report on munitions and explosives of concern and construction projects in Joint Region Marianas. Sec. 2814. Improvement of conduct by the Navy of the replacement of certain dry docks and other projects. Sec. 2815. Minimum investment for facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization. Subtitle B—Military Housing Sec. 2821. Increase in percentage limitations on value of United States investment in privatized military housing projects. Sec. 2822. Treatment of nondisclosure agreements with respect to privatized military housing. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances Sec. 2831. Land conveyance, Fort Bliss, El Paso, Texas. Sec. 2832. Cleanup and transfer of certain property at former Army installation to East Bay Regional Park District. Sec. 2833. Land conveyance, Fort Huachuca, Sierra Vista, Arizona. Sec. 2834. Release of interests retained in Camp Joseph T. Robinson, Arkansas. Sec. 2835. Report on former Army-Navy General Hospital, Hot Springs National Park, Hot Springs, Arkansas. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 2841. Authority for shoreline erosion control projects to protect military installation infrastructure. Sec. 2842. Coordination of repair and maintenance of Kolekole Pass. Sec. 2843. Consideration of installation infrastructure and other supporting resources by Department of Defense Test Resource Management Center. Sec. 2844. Extension of Department of the Army pilot program for development and use of online real estate inventory tool. Sec. 2845. Review of roles and responsibilities for construction projects of Department of Defense. Sec. 2846. Assessment of public schools on installations of Department of Defense. Sec. 2847. Report on use of areawide contracts to procure utility services. Sec. 2848. Extension of prohibition on joint use of Homestead Air Reserve Base with civil aviation. Sec. 2849. Prohibition on use by Air Force of corporate structure in conducting certain basing decisions. Sec. 2850. Authority to assist State and local governments in supporting installation and industrial base modernization through public infrastructure and services. Sec. 2851. Briefing on projects under Defense Community Infrastructure Program that are still in progress. Sec. 2852. Treatment of historic housing and associated historic properties of the Department of the Army. Sec. 2853. Designation of officials responsible for coordination of infrastructure projects to support additional members of the Armed Forces and their families in the Indo-Pacific region. Sec. 2854. Technical correction to map reference in the Military Land Withdrawals Act of 2013. Sec. 2855. Prohibition on use of funds for resettlement in the United States of certain individuals from the West Bank or Gaza. Sec. 2856. Expansion of defense community infrastructure pilot program to include installations of the Coast Guard. TITLE XXIX—Military Construction Disaster Recovery Sec. 2901. Authorized Navy disaster recovery construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2902. Authorized Air Force disaster recovery construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2903. Authorization of emergency supplemental appropriations for military construction projects. DIVISION C—Department of Energy national security authorizations and other authorizations TITLE XXXI—Department of Energy national security programs Subtitle A—National security programs and authorizations Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Administration. Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. Sec. 3104. Nuclear energy. Subtitle B—Program authorizations, restrictions, and limitations Sec. 3111. Limitation on use of funds for naval nuclear fuel systems based on low-enriched uranium. Sec. 3112. Authorization for modification of weapons. Sec. 3113. National Nuclear Security Administration management and process improvements. Sec. 3114. Restoration of a domestic uranium enrichment capability. Sec. 3115. Report on activities from U.S.–U.K. Mutual Defense Agreement. Sec. 3116. Modification of reporting requirements relating to cost-benefit analyses for competition of management and operating contracts. Sec. 3117. Authority for National Nuclear Security Administration to use passenger carriers for contractor commuting. Sec. 3118. Limitation on availability of funds pending submission of information on streamlining National Nuclear Security Administration contracting. Sec. 3119. Limitation on availability of funds pending submission of certification relating to W80–4 Alteration-SLCM. Sec. 3120. Prohibition on use of funds to support access to National Nuclear Security Administration facilities. Sec. 3121. Notification of certain regulations that impact the National Nuclear Security Administration. Sec. 3122. Authorization of Department of Defense and contractors to acquire and operate a utilization facility. TITLE XXXII—Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board Sec. 3201. Authorization. TITLE XXXV—Maritime Administration Sec. 3501. Maritime Administration. DIVISION D—Funding Tables Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in funding tables. 3. Congressional defense committees In this Act, the term congressional defense committees has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. 4. Budgetary effects of this Act The budgetary effects of this Act, for the purposes of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be determined by reference to the latest statement titled Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation for this Act, jointly submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairmen of the House and Senate Budget Committees, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage in the House acting first on the conference report or amendment between the Houses. A Department of Defense authorizations I Procurement A Authorization of appropriations 101. Authorization of appropriations Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2025 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force and the Space Force, and Defense-wide activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4101. B Army programs 111. Centralized security monitoring program for facilities of the Army (a) In general The Secretary of the Army (in this section referred to as the Secretary ) shall establish a centralized security monitoring program for installations and facilities of the Department of the Army in the United States. (b) Initial operating capability The Secretary shall ensure that the program required under subsection (a) achieves initial operating capability not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) Selection of centers (1) In general The Secretary shall select three installations of the Department of the Army to serve as centers for the program required under subsection (a). (2) Considerations The centers selected under paragraph (1) shall— (A) include a mix of large and extra-large installations, as defined by the 2016 business case analysis conducted by the Provost Marshal General of the Army; and (B) be geographically dispersed to increase resilience of networked monitoring under the program required under subsection (a). (d) Duties (1) Hosting of system In carrying out the program required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall host centralized intrusion detection system monitoring, assessment, and dispatching at the centers selected under subsection (c)(1). (2) Force protection and asset monitoring The centers selected under subsection (c)(1) shall maximize use of commercially available technology, automation, and industry best practices to modernize force protection and asset monitoring for the Department of the Army. (3) Networking of sites The Secretary shall ensure that all installations and facilities of the Department of the Army in the United States are networked and that the centers selected under subsection (c)(1) are able to provide continuous and redundant monitoring, assessment, and dispatching services to those installations and facilities. (e) Report (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that outlines the plans of the Secretary to implement the centralized security monitoring program required under subsection (a) and assesses the performance of such program. (2) Elements The report required under paragraph (1) shall include an identification of the following: (A) Locations selected for centers under subsection (c)(1). (B) Cost and schedule to execute the program required under subsection (a). (C) Defined measures of performance for initial operating capability and final operating capability of such program. (D) Expected cost savings of such program as compared to current security monitoring systems of the Department of the Army. (E) Technological modernization barriers to the implementation of networked remote monitoring under such program. 112. Strategy for Army active protection systems (a) Strategy required Not later than September 30, 2025, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a strategy for the testing, procurement, integration, and fielding of active protection systems on Army ground combat vehicles. (b) Elements The strategy required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The status of all active protection systems previously considered, tested, integrated, or procured by the Army. (2) The status of any Army projects to develop its own active protection system, including an explanation for the Army’s decision to compete with commercial alternatives. (3) The Army's plan to solicit bids for its modular vehicle base kit. (4) A plan to conduct operational testing of all active protection systems, including any system being developed by the Army, which shall assess— (A) a shot by each system under the same conditions; (B) multishot capability; (C) collateral damage; (D) damage to witness plates or vehicles; (E) ability to defeat threats of concern to the Army, including— (i) full top attack threats; (ii) kinetic energy rounds; (iii) unmanned aerial systems, by class; and (iv) fuzed missiles; (F) ability to upgrade each system to address future threats; (G) weight and power draw of each system; and (H) such other matters as the Secretary determines relevant. (5) The strategy of the Army to integrate, test, and achieve a program of record for active protection systems on current and future combat vehicle fleets. (c) Considerations In developing the strategy required by subsection (a), the Secretary of the Army shall consider the following objectives and factors: (1) The risks incurred by the Army in its current active protection system posture of limited integration onto ground vehicle fleets. (2) Lessons learned from active protection systems in ongoing armed conflicts. (3) The capabilities of active protection systems from foreign or domestic entities. (4) The acquisition and lifecycle costs of each active protection system identified under subsection (b)(1). (5) The Army's plan for modularity, including the ability to use the same active protection system across multiple platforms. 113. Certification of additional manufacturer for low, slow, small unmanned aircraft integrated defeat system of the Army Not later than September 30, 2025, the Secretary of the Army shall certify at least one additional interceptor and production manufacturer for the low, slow, small unmanned aircraft integrated defeat system of the Army (FS–LIDS and M–LIDS). C Navy programs 121. Extension of prohibition on availability of funds for Navy port waterborne security barriers Section 130(a) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ; 132 Stat. 1665), as most recently amended by section 122 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 169), is further amended by striking through 2024 and inserting through 2025 . 122. Constellation-class frigate program (a) Certification required Upon final approval of 95 percent of all functional design drawings for the Constellation-class frigate program by the designated technical authority, the Secretary of Defense shall certify to the congressional defense committees that such drawings have been so approved. (b) Limitation None of the amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 may be obligated or expended for a scope of work for the construction of a Constellation-class frigate until after submission of the certification required by subsection (a). (c) Assessment and evaluation Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the certification required by subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) assess the Secretary's compliance with this section; and (2) submit to the congressional defense committees an evaluation of the completeness of the functional design drawings described in such subsection. 123. Limitation on the construction of the Landing Ship Medium The Secretary of the Navy shall not award a contract that includes a scope of work for the construction of the lead ship of the Landing Ship Medium program until the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that basic and functional design (as defined in section 8669c(c) of title 10, United States Code) with respect to such ship is complete. 124. Authority for the procurement, leasing, or chartering of a medium-sized landing ship (a) Authority Beginning in fiscal year 2025, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts or other agreements for the procurement, leasing, or chartering of a commercial or non-developmental ship, and associated materials, that— (1) is capable of deploying 50 Marines and 648 short tons of cargo directly to a beach where the water depth increases a maximum of one foot for every 25 feet of horizontal distance; (2) can transit a minimum of 3,500 nautical miles; and (3) is derived from a parent design that has been demonstrated. (b) Exemptions The service acquisition executive of the Navy may exempt a contract or other agreement entered into under subsection (a) from the requirements of full and open competition under section 3201 of title 10, United States Code. (c) Liability Any contract or other agreement entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that— (1) any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract or other agreement is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose; and (2) the total liability of the Federal Government for termination of the contract or other agreement shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated to the contract or other agreement at the time of termination. 125. Annual report on surface ship suppliers (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and once every fiscal year thereafter through September 30, 2029, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report analyzing suppliers of surface ship components. (b) Elements Each report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the status of each supplier of surface ship components according to the evaluation tool used for Columbia-class submarine suppliers. (2) If the assessment described in paragraph (1) indicates that the supply base of any surface ship component is in an at-risk status, a plan for actions to stabilize that base. 126. Block buy contract and multiyear procurement authority for CH–53K heavy lift helicopter program (a) Block buy contract authority for airframes (1) In general The Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more block buy contracts, during fiscal years 2025 and 2026, for the procurement of not more than 37 airframes in support of the CH–53K heavy lift helicopter program. (2) Condition for out-year contract payments Any block buy contract entered into under paragraph (1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2025 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (3) Block buy contract defined In this subsection, the term block buy contract means a contract for the procurement of CH–53K airframes— (A) for not more than two program years; (B) that permits the procurement of airframes over a period of more than one year without requiring the exercise of a contract option for each year after the first year; and (C) that may provide for a cancellation payment to be made to the contractor if appropriations for payments under the contract are not made. (b) Multiyear procurement authority for engines (1) In general Subject to section 3501 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts for the procurement of not more than 350 T408 engines. (2) Authority for advance procurement and economic ordering quantity The Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts, beginning in fiscal year 2025, for advance procurement associated with the engines (including economic ordering quantity) for which authorization to enter into a multiyear contract is provided under paragraph (1). (3) Condition for out-year contract payments Any multiyear contract entered into under paragraph (1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2025 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 127. Modification of requirement to incorporate advanced degaussing systems into Arleigh Burke class destroyers Section 124(a) of the National Defense Authorizations Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 1570) is amended by striking fiscal year 2025 and inserting fiscal year 2028 . 128. Modification of authority to purchase used vessels under the National Defense Sealift Fund Section 2218(f)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking subsection (c)(1)(E) and inserting subsection (c)(1)(D) ; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking nine and inserting 13 . 129. Authority for incrementally funded contract for the construction of a Virginia-class submarine (a) In general Amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act for the Navy for Shipbuilding and Conversion for fiscal year 2025 may be used by the Secretary of the Navy to enter into an incrementally funded contract for the construction of a Virginia-class submarine. (b) Liability A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that— (1) any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose; and (2) the total liability of the Government for the termination of the contract shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated to the contract at the time of termination. (c) Funding (1) Increased funding The amount authorized to be appropriated by section 101 and available for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy, Virginia Class Submarine, One Additional Ship, as specified in the funding table in section 4101, is hereby increased by $400,000,000. (2) Offset The amount authorized to be appropriated by section 201 and available for Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Navy, Line 164, Next Generation Fighter, as specified in the funding table in section 4201, is hereby reduced by $400,000,000. 130. Sense of Congress on aircraft carrier acquisition strategies (a) Findings Congress finds the following: (1) The aircraft carriers of the Navy are a cornerstone of the United States' ability to project its power and strength. (2) Construction of Gerald R. Ford-class aircraft carriers represents a national effort that requires predictable and stable build schedules and alignment of purpose between the Department of Defense, the Department of the Navy, and the aircraft carrier industrial base. (3) The aircraft carrier industrial base includes more than 2,000 companies in 44 States that contribute to the construction and maintenance of these complex and technologically advanced ships. (4) The benefits of stable, executable aircraft carrier procurement plans extend throughout the aircraft carrier industrial base, promoting the development and retention of highly skilled workforces and capital investments in world-class manufacturing and shipbuilding facilities throughout the United States. (5) Aircraft carrier procurement plans accompanying the President's budget request for fiscal years 2023 and 2024 forecast procurement of the CVN–82 carrier in fiscal year 2028, however, the fiscal year 2025 plan defers procurement until fiscal year 2030, creating a significant and destabilizing production gap for the aircraft carrier industrial base. (b) Sense of Congress It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Navy should implement aircraft carrier acquisition strategies that maximize benefits to operational commanders while simultaneously protecting the interests of the taxpayer and supporting the national nuclear shipbuilding industrial base; (2) the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Navy should review and revise the acquisition strategy, including a two-ship buy of the CVN–82 and CVN–83 carriers, for Ford-class aircraft carriers in the President's budget request for fiscal year 2026 to ensure the strategy is consistent with accepted shipbuilding industrial base analyses, prior Department of Defense recommendations, reports to Congress, congressional resolutions, section 8062 of title 10, United States Code, and national security interests; and (3) the Secretary of Defense should request procurement of the CVN–82 carrier not later than fiscal year 2028. 130A. Modifications to procurement authorities for certain amphibious shipbuilding programs Section 129 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2448) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: (d) Authority to enter into economic order quantity contracts The Secretary of the Navy may use funds associated with this section to enter into contracts known as economic order quantity contracts with private shipyards and other commercial or government entities to achieve economic efficiencies based on production economies for major components or subsystems. The authority under this subsection extends to the procurement of parts, components, and systems (including weapon systems) common with, and required for, covered ships under joint economic order quantity contracts. . D Air Force programs 131. Prohibition on certain reductions to inventory of E–3 airborne warning and control system aircraft (a) Prohibition None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or in backup aircraft inventory any E–3 aircraft if such actions would reduce the total aircraft inventory for such aircraft below 16. (b) Exception for plan If the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the congressional defense committees a plan for maintaining readiness and ensuring there is no lapse in mission capabilities, the prohibition under subsection (a) shall not apply to actions taken to reduce the total aircraft inventory for E–3 aircraft to below 16, beginning 30 days after the date on which the plan is so submitted. (c) Exception for E–7 procurement If the Secretary of the Air Force procures enough E–7 Wedgetail aircraft to accomplish the required mission load, the prohibition under subsection (a) shall not apply to actions taken to reduce the total aircraft inventory for E–3 aircraft to below 16 after the date on which such E–7 Wedgetail aircraft are delivered. 132. Management of temporary relocation of B–1 bomber aircraft and personnel Section 133 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 1574), as most recently amended by section 136 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 174), is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): (c) Temporary relocation The Secretary of the Air Force shall, to the extent practicable, manage the temporary relocation of any B–1 bomber aircraft or personnel assigned to units responsible for the operation and maintenance of such aircraft resulting from planned military construction in a manner that— (1) minimizes effects to combat readiness; (2) mitigates the risk of concentrating a significant number of the total B–1 bomber fleet at one location; (3) uses the construction period to maximize expeditionary actions such as through Bomber Task Force and Agile Combat Employment; and (4) takes into consideration travel options and travel distance for families and dependents of such personnel. . 133. Modification of requirements for cost-benefit and technical risk analysis for F–35 propulsion and thermal management modernization program Section 226(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraphs (B) through (D); (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) through (G) as subparagraphs (F) through (H), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraphs (B) through (E): (B) The power and thermal management system ensuring up to 62 Kilowatts of cooling and encompassing the following: (i) Power and cooling for aircraft startup. (ii) Conventional cockpit cooling and pressurization. (iii) Canopy seal, anti-g suit pressurization. (iv) Canopy defog. (v) Power and cooling for ground maintenance. (vi) Backup cooling for flight critical systems. (vii) Lift fan clutch cooling. (viii) Nacelle and integrated power package ventilation. (C) Pressurization source for on-board-inert-gas-generation-system, on-board-oxygen-generation-system, and weapons. (D) The electrical power system encompassing the following: (i) Main engine start power – integrated starter generator. (ii) Emergency power system. (iii) Independent electrical power for normal and emergency operation modes. (E) The fuel thermal management system including the dry bay ventilation. . 134. Plan for sustainment and recapitalization of Air National Guard fighter fleet (a) In general The Secretary of the Air Force, in consultation with the Director of the Air National Guard, shall develop a plan to sustain and recapitalize the fighter fleet of the Air National Guard. (b) Elements The recapitalization plan required under subsection (a) shall— (1) identify each of the 25 fighter aircraft squadrons of the Air National Guard in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) provide a plan for recapitalization of all such squadrons at a similar rate as the fighter aircraft squadrons of the active components of the Armed Forces, with the same combination of legacy capability fighter aircraft and advanced capability fighter aircraft found in fighter aircraft squadrons of the active components of the Armed Forces; and (3) establish a timetable for a plan or actions for the recapitalization required under paragraph (2), disaggregated by fighter aircraft squadron and fiscal year, which shall identify funding required for each fiscal year. (c) Report (1) In general Not later than July 1, 2025, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the sustainment and recapitalization plan required under subsection (a). (2) Form The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) Advanced capability fighter aircraft The term advanced capability fighter aircraft — (A) means the next-generation air dominance fighter aircraft or any other fighter aircraft referenced or designated as a sixth generation airframe; and (B) does not include unmanned fighter aircraft. (2) Fifth generation The term fifth generation , with respect to fighter aircraft, means an F–22 or F–35 aircraft. (3) Fighter aircraft The term fighter aircraft has the meaning given that term in section 9062(i)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (4) Legacy capability fighter aircraft The term legacy capability fighter aircraft means pre-fifth generation fighter aircraft, including an F–16, both pre-block and post-block, F–15C/D, F–15E/EX, and A–10. 135. Air base air defense (a) Program plan The Secretary of the Air Force shall develop a plan for a program to support the fielding of sites for air base air defense at installations of the Air Force and other priority locations, if designated by the Secretary of Defense under subsection (d). (b) Consultation In developing the plan required by subsection (a), the Secretary of the Air Force shall consult with— (1) the Commander of the United States European Command; (2) the Commander of the United States Northern Command; and (3) the Commander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. (c) Capabilities The sites for air base air defense under the program described in subsection (a) shall include the following capabilities: (1) Expeditionary mobile protection for dispersed air bases. (2) Fixed protection for primary air bases. (3) Layered kinetic and non-kinetic effects from the surface. (4) Counter-uncrewed aircraft systems. (5) Counter-fixed and rotary wing aircraft. (6) Counter-cruise missile. (7) Interoperability with joint command and control networks. (8) 360-degree active and passive sensors. (9) Systems and software that enable reduced staffing. (d) Location designation The Secretary of Defense shall designate a prioritized list of installations of the Air Force and other locations for the program described in subsection (a). (e) Fielding requirement The Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that— (1) not fewer than four sites for air base air defense are fielded by September 30, 2027; (2) not fewer than four sites for air base air defense are fielded each year through 2031; and (3) not fewer than two sites for air base air defense are sited in the United States each year. (f) Report and funding requirements The Secretary of the Air Force shall— (1) not later than March 1, 2025, submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the plan developed under subsection (a), the capabilities described in subsection (c), a plan to meet the fielding requirement under subsection (e), and related acquisitions; and (2) ensure the fielding requirement under subsection (e) is fully resourced in the budget for fiscal year 2027 submitted by the President to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. 136. Annual report on Air Force tactical fighter aircraft force structure (a) In general Chapter 907 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 9062 the following new section: 9062a. Annual report on Air Force tactical fighter aircraft force structure. (a) In general Not later than April 1, 2025, and annually thereafter through 2029, the Secretary of the Air Force, in consultation with the Director of the Air National Guard and the Commander of the Air Force Reserve Command, shall— (1) develop a 10-year tactical fighter aircraft force structure, recapitalization, training, and sustainment plan for the active and reserve components of the Air Force; and (2) submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the plan. (b) Elements of report The report required by subsection (a) shall address each of the following: (1) The appropriate mix of tactical fighter aircraft, and associated operational risk analyses, required for the Secretary of the Air Force to meet expected steady-state, global force management allocation plans and geographic combatant commander contingency operational plans tasked to the Air Force, using active and reserve component tactical fighter aircraft units. (2) The procurement, divestment, and unit activation, deactivation, or re-missioning plans or actions the Secretary plans to implement, fiscal year-by-fiscal year, unit-by-unit, for the 10-year period beginning on the date on which the report is submitted, for each active and reserve component tactical fighter aircraft unit existing as of such date of submittal, including the rationale and justification for any such plans or actions. (3) The actions the Secretary will take to ensure that required operational readiness rates are maintained during any planned recapitalization, modernization, or change of mission affecting tactical fighter aircraft units. (4) Any plans of the Secretary to augment or supplant existing piloted tactical fighter aircraft capability or capacity with collaborative combat aircraft increment 1 or increment 2 capability or capacity. (5) Any plans of the Secretary to augment or supplant existing piloted tactical fighter aircraft training events through the acquisition and fielding of common, joint, all-domain, high-fidelity synthetic simulation environments. (c) Form of report The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form with accompanying graphs, tables, and charts, but may contain a classified annex. (d) Fighter aircraft defined In this section, the term fighter aircraft has the meaning given that term in section 9062(i)(2) of this title. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 907 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 9062 the following new item: 9062a. Annual report on Air Force tactical fighter aircraft force structure. . 137. Extension of limitations and minimum inventory requirement relating to RQ–4 aircraft Section 9062(m)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking September 30, 2028 and inserting September 30, 2029 . 138. Modification of inventory requirements for aircraft of the combat air forces (a) Temporary exception to minimum primary mission aircraft inventory Section 133(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 173) is amended by striking 1,112 aircraft and inserting 1,101 aircraft . (b) Prohibition on retirement of F–15E aircraft Section 9062(l)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking 2024 and inserting 2025 ; (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking more than 68 and inserting any ; (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking retained ; and (4) in subparagraph (C), by striking an F–15E aircraft (other than an aircraft identified for retirement under subparagraph (A)) and inserting any F–15E aircraft . (c) A–10 aircraft minimum inventory requirement Section 134(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 130 Stat. 2038), as most recently amended by section 137(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 174), is further amended by striking 135 A–10 aircraft and inserting 96 A–10 aircraft . E Defense-wide, joint, and multiservice matters 141. Modification of pilot program to accelerate the procurement and fielding of innovative technologies Section 834(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( 10 U.S.C. 4061 note; Public Law 117–81 ) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting or (2) after paragraph (1) ; (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph (2): (2) The issuance of not more than two solicitations for proposals by the Department of Defense in support of the pilot program each fiscal year with no restrictions on the types of businesses providing innovative technologies. . 142. Plan for signals intelligence capabilities of armed overwatch aircraft (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict and the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for integrating signals intelligence capabilities on fielded armed overwatch aircraft. (b) Plan requirements At a minimum, the plan required by subsection (a) shall— (1) define the signals intelligence requirements for armed overwatch aircraft, including the required signals intelligence capabilities and the number of aircraft to be equipped with such capabilities; (2) articulate the resources necessary by fiscal year to fulfill the requirements described in paragraph (1); and (3) include any other matters the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict and the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command consider relevant. 143. Assessments of inventory requirements for air-to-air missiles (a) In general The Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy, in coordination with the commanders of the combatant commands, shall jointly assess the sufficiency of established inventory requirements for air-to-air missiles. (b) Elements In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy shall jointly— (1) assess planned deliveries of air-to-air missiles through 2029 and the total available missiles by type in each year through 2029; (2) assess combined requirements for air-to-air missiles to support operational plans of the United States Central Command, the United States Indo-Pacific Command, the United States Northern Command, and the United States European Command, at low, medium, and high risk; (3) consider emerging requirements for surface-to-air defense and collaborative combat aircraft and how those additional missions will affect inventory requirements for air-to-air missiles; (4) consider the sufficiency of planned acquisition for air-to-air missiles through 2029 to meet operational requirements; (5) consider whether continuing production of the advanced medium-range air-to-air missile program of record through 2029 would enhance available inventories of air-to-air missiles; and (6) develop recommendations to adjust the planned mix of missiles, including an assessment of whether extending the range or capability of existing air-to-air missiles would better support combined combatant command requirements at medium risk. II Research, development, test, and evaluation A Authorization of appropriations 201. Authorization of appropriations Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2025 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4201. B Program requirements, restrictions, and limitations 211. Ensuring compliance with Department of Defense policy when awarding research grants Section 1286 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ; 10 U.S.C. 4001 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) through (h) as subsections (f) through (g), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection (e) (e) Annual reviews required Not later than March 30, 2025, and before March 30 of each year thereafter— (1) each head of a Department of Defense component that awards grants for research shall carry out a review of a representative sample of the grants awarded by the respective component in the previous fiscal year to ensure that the component is awarding grants in compliance with Department policy; and (2) the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall carry out a review of each of the grants sampled for review under paragraph (1). ; and (3) in subsection (f), as redesignated by paragraph (1)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting and on the periodic reviews conducted pursuant to subsection (e) after by subsection (a) ; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (G) as clauses (i) through (vii), respectively, and indenting such clauses two ems to the right; (ii) by inserting before clause (i), as redesignated by clause (i), the following new subparagraph (A): (A) With respect to the activities carried out under the initiative required by subsection (a), the following: ; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (B) With respect to the periodic reviews conducted pursuant to subsection (e), the following: (i) The number of research grants awarded by the Department. (ii) The number of reviews carried out pursuant to subsection (e)(1). (iii) The number of reviews carried out pursuant to subsection (e)(2). (iv) A description of the processes by which the heads of the components described in paragraph (1) of subsection (e) and the Under Secretary conducted the reviews under such subsection. (v) An assessment of issues identified during the reviews carried out under subsection (e), including a list of grants that were identified as having not been awarded in compliance with Department or component research security risk review guidelines. . 212. Extension of Global Research Watch Program Section 4066(f) of title 10, United States, is amended by striking September 30, 2025 and inserting September 30, 2035 . 213. Competitive demonstration of automated target recognition algorithms (a) Competitive demonstration required Not later than June 1, 2025, the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer of the Department of Defense (CDAO) shall incorporate into a global information dominance experiment a competitive demonstration of at least two different automated target recognition algorithms to determine the most suitable source of development of such algorithms. (b) Sources For each automated target recognition algorithm to be used in the competitive demonstration required by subsection (a), the source of development of the algorithm shall be— (1) the Federal Government; (2) a university-affiliated research center; or (3) a defense contractor. (c) Requirements The automated target recognition algorithms used in the competitive demonstration required by subsection (a) shall be developed for the requirements of two specific projects, selected by the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer for purposes of the demonstration, within the Replicator initiative. 214. Modifications to test program for engineering plant of DDG(X) destroyer vessels Section 221 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following new sentence: A minimum of two motor technologies with comparable efficiency, weight, and space characteristics shall be tested in full scale to mitigate program risk and provide sufficient competition prior to down selecting to a class decision. ; (2) in subsection (c), by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraph (1): (1) Two electrical propulsion motor technologies. ; and (3) in subsection (d)(1), by inserting that incorporates two propulsion motor technology options before the period at the end. 215. Assignment of Department of Defense responsibility for international collaboration on directed energy weapons Section 219(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph (6): (6) Collaboration with international partners The senior official designated under paragraph (1) shall have primary responsibility for the Department for collaboration, outreach, and coordination with international partners on research, development, and transition of directed energy weapons. . 216. Expansion of authority for technology protection features activities (a) Expansion of authority Subsection (a) of section 4067 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking during the research and development phase of such system and inserting to increase ally and partner military capability and improve coalition interoperability . (b) Cost-sharing Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph (2): (2) Any contract for the design or development of an exportability feature of a system resulting from activities under subsection (a) for the purpose of enhancing or enabling the exportability of the system shall include a cost-sharing provision that requires the contractor to bear half of the cost of such activities, or such other portion of such cost as the Secretary considers appropriate upon showing of good cause. ; and (3) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (A) by inserting or (2) after paragraph (1) ; (B) by inserting or exportability feature after with respect to a designated system ; and (C) in subparagraph (A), by inserting in the case of a designated system, before the . 217. Laboratory Quality Enhancement Program (a) In general Subchapter III of chapter 303 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 4128. Laboratory Quality Enhancement Program (a) Program required (1) The Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, carry out a program under which the Secretary shall establish the panels described in subsection (b) and direct such panels— (A) to review and make recommendations to the Secretary with respect to— (i) existing policies and practices affecting the science and technology reinvention laboratories to improve the mission effectiveness of such laboratories; (ii) new initiatives proposed by the science and technology reinvention laboratories; and (iii) new interpretations of existing provisions of law that would enhance the ability of a director of a science and technology reinvention laboratory to manage the laboratory and discharge the mission of the laboratory; (B) to support implementation of current and future initiatives affecting the science and technology reinvention laboratories; and (C) to conduct assessments or data analysis on the effectiveness of authorities granted and such other issues as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (2) The program carried out pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be known as the Laboratory Quality Enhancement Program . (b) Panels The panels described in this subsection are the following: (1) A panel on personnel, workforce development, and talent management. (2) A panel on facilities, equipment, and infrastructure. (3) A panel on research strategy, technology transfer, and industry and university partnerships. (4) A panel on governance and oversight processes. (c) Composition of panels (1) Each panel described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b) may be composed of subject matter and technical management experts from— (A) laboratories and research centers of the Army, Navy, and Air Force; (B) appropriate Defense Agencies; (C) the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering; and (D) such other entities as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (2) The panel described in subsection (b)(4) shall be composed of— (A) at least one member from each of the science and technology reinvention laboratories; and (B) such other members as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (d) Governance of panels (1) The chairperson of each panel established pursuant to subsection (a) shall be selected by the members of the respective panel. (2) Each panel shall, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, transmit to the Science and Technology Executive Committee of the Department of Defense such information or findings on topics requiring decision or approval as the panel considers appropriate. (e) Interpretation of provisions of law (1) The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall, acting under the guidance of the Secretary, issue regulations regarding the meaning, scope, implementation, and applicability of any provision of a statute relating to a science and technology reinvention laboratory. (2) In interpreting or defining under paragraph (1), the Under Secretary shall, to the degree practicable, emphasize providing the maximum operational flexibility to the directors of the science and technology reinvention laboratories to discharge the missions of their laboratories. (3) In interpreting or defining under paragraph (1), the Under Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, consult and coordinate with the secretaries of the military departments and such other agencies or entities as the Under Secretary considers relevant on any proposed revision to regulations under paragraph (1). (4) In interpreting or defining under paragraph (1), the Under Secretary shall seek recommendations from the panel described in subsection (b)(4). (f) Science and technology reinvention laboratory defined In this section, the term science and technology reinvention laboratory means a Department of Defense laboratory designated as a Department of Defense science and technology reinvention laboratory by section 4121 of this title. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 303 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4127 the following new item: 4128. Laboratory Quality Enhancement Program. . 218. Limitation on availability of funds for fundamental research collaboration with certain institutions (a) Limitation Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to award a grant or contract to an institution of higher education for the specific purposes of conducting fundamental research in collaboration with an academic institution that is included in the most recently updated list developed pursuant to 1286(c)(9) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ; 10 U.S.C. 4001 note), or any individual employed by such an academic institution. (b) Waiver (1) In general The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Science and Technology may waive the limitation under subsection (a), on a case-by-case basis, with respect to an individual grant or contract for an institution of higher education, if the Assistant Secretary determines that such a waiver is in the national security interests of the United States. (2) Congressional notice Not later than 30 days before the date on which an award is made by the Department involving an institution of higher education with respect to which a waiver is made under paragraph (1), the Assistant Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives notice of such waiver. (c) Report annex (1) In general On an annual basis, as a classified or controlled unclassified information annex to the annual report required by section 1286(e) of the John S McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ; 10 U.S.C. 4001 note), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report annex on the compliance of the Department and institutions of higher education with the requirements of this section. (2) Contents Each report annex submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include, for each waiver issued under subsection (b) during the period covered by the report— (A) a justification for the waiver; and (B) a detailed description of the type and extent of any collaboration between an institution of higher education and an academic institution or entity described in subsection (a) allowed pursuant to the waiver, including identification of the institution of higher education and academic institutions or entities involved, the type of technology involved, the duration of the collaboration and terms and conditions on intellectual property assignment, as applicable, under the collaboration agreement. (3) Form; public availability The unclassified portion of each report annex submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made available on a publicly accessible website of the Department. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) The term collaboration means coordinated activity between an institution of higher education and an entity described in subsection (a) includes— (A) sharing of research facilities, resources, or data; (B) transfer, sharing, or dissemination of information or technical know-how; (C) any financial or in-kind contribution intended to produce a research product; (D) sponsorship or facilitation of research fellowships, visas, or residence permits; (E) joint ventures, partnerships, or other formalized agreements for the purpose of conducting research or sharing resources, data, or technology; (F) inclusion of researchers as consultants, advisors, or members of advisory or review boards; and (G) such other activities as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense. (2) The term fundamental research has the meaning provided in National Security Decision Directive-189 (NSSD-189), National Policy on the Transfer of Scientific, Technical and Engineering Information, date September 21, 1985, or any successor document. (3) The term institution of higher education has the meaning given that term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1002 ) and includes— (A) any department, program, project, faculty, researcher, or other individual, entity, or activity of such institution; and (B) any branch of such institution within or outside the United States. 219. Detail authority for Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency to support technology transition Section 806 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 10 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection (d): (d) DARPA detailees authorized The Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency may provide qualified personnel to a military department to provide technology transition support for a program of the Agency that is transitioning to such military department, upon the request from the Principal Technology Transition Advisor of such military department. . 220. Prohibition on award of research or development contracts or grants to educational institutions that have violated certain civil rights (a) Prohibition Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary of Defense may not enter into any contract or other agreement with, or award any grant to, any covered educational institution to carry out any research or development program or activity. (b) Covered educational institution (1) In general For purposes of subsection (a), a covered educational institution is an institution of higher education that, in carrying out a program or activity covered under title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq. ), is in violation of that title. (2) Rule of construction An institution of higher education that, in carrying out a program or activity covered under title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq. ), was in violation of that title, but is determined to be no longer in violation of that title, shall not be considered a covered educational institution for purposes of subsection (a). (c) Waiver (1) In general The Secretary may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) on a case by case basis. (2) Congressional notification Not later than 15 days before issuing a waiver under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a notice of the intention of the Secretary to issue the waiver. (d) Effective date and applicability (1) Effective date Subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) Applicability Subsection (a) shall apply with respect to contracts entered into on or after the effective date set forth in paragraph (1), other agreements entered into on or after such date, and grants awarded on or after such date. C Plans, reports, and other matters 231. Improvements relating to defining, identifying, and planning the artificial intelligence workforce of the Department of Defense (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer, and the Chief Information Officer, shall— (1) fully define and identify the Department of Defense artificial intelligence workforce, including— (A) clarifying the roles and responsibilities of the artificial intelligence workforce with respect to the Department of Defense innovation workforce and digital workforce; (B) coding artificial intelligence work roles in workforce data systems; and (C) developing a qualification program for artificial intelligence work roles; and (2) update the Human Capital Operating Plan to be consistent with the Agency Strategic Plan and Annual Performance Plan relating to artificial intelligence workforce issues, including— (A) addressing the human capital implementation actions planned to support the strategic goals and priorities identified in the Agency Strategic Plan and Annual Performance Plan; and (B) ensuring the use of consistent artificial intelligence terminology. (b) Briefing Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on— (1) who is included in the artificial intelligence workforce of the Department; (2) who should be included in the artificial intelligence workforce of the Department; (3) which positions require Department personnel with artificial intelligence skills; (4) the current state of the artificial intelligence workforce of the Department; and (5) planned or proposed future requirements for the artificial intelligence workforce of the Department. 232. Development and implementation of a plan on advancing interests of Department of Defense in matters relating to electromagnetic spectrum in international engagements or fora (a) Development and implementation of plan required Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, develop and implement a five-year plan for advancing the interests of the Department of Defense in matters relating to electromagnetic spectrum in international engagements or fora. (b) Elements At a minimum, the plan developed pursuant to subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Arrangements to increase the number of Department personnel attending international engagements or fora on topics relating to electromagnetic spectrum, including all phases of the World Radiocommunication preparatory process. (2) Processes to increase coordination with other Federal agencies on matters relating to electromagnetic spectrum. (3) Preparations to increase cooperation activities with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, other military alliances and organizations, and foreign military sales partners on matters relating to electromagnetic spectrum. (4) Strategies to increase coordination with the defense industrial base and industry partners at international engagements and fora. (5) Strategies to increase engagement with military partners from developing countries, including regular engagements with the United States Telecommunications Training Institute to enhance international partnerships for enduring electromagnetic spectrum military advantage. (6) Table top exercises for Department electromagnetic spectrum bands being considered at international engagements or fora. (7) Processes to hire, identify, develop, and train personnel from across the Department to support its role and responsibilities in international fora related to electromagnetic spectrum. (c) Briefing Not later than March 31, 2025, the Secretary shall provide the congressional defense committees with a briefing on the plan developed and implemented pursuant to subsection (a). 233. Report on geographic presence of the Defense Innovation Unit (a) Report required Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Innovation Unit shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on expanding the geographic presence of the Defense Innovation Unit, including through partnerships with other organizations. (b) Contents The report submitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The current geographic distribution of the personnel and offices of the Defense Innovation Unit, including identification of the number of full-time equivalent civilians and contractors associated with each location. (2) An assessment of opportunities to leverage other entities to expand geographic presence through current or planned partnerships that can support missions of the Defense Innovation Unit based on the existing geographic and functional footprint of those entities, such as Department of Defense laboratories, program intermediaries, or university affiliated research centers. (3) A gap analysis between planned expansion of the geographic presence of the Defense Innovation Unit and use of partnerships to achieve nationwide geographic coverage for activities of the Defense Innovation Unit. (4) The current plan of the Director to expand the geographic presence of the Defense Innovation Unit during the next 5-year period to address the gaps analyzed pursuant to paragraph (3), including resources required and any other policy or regulatory challenges. 234. Report on obligations and expenditure rates for basic research (a) Report required Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense Comptroller shall, in coordination with the comptrollers of the military departments and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the obligation and expenditure rates for Department of Defense basic and applied research that is conducted at institutions of higher education for the previous five fiscal years. (b) Matters identified The report submitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall identify— (1) the month of obligations and expenditures for basic and applied research conducted at institutions of higher education; and (2) funds realigned from basic or applied research budget lines due to not meeting obligations or expenditures benchmarks throughout the fiscal year and made available for other purposes. 235. Electromagnetic spectrum demonstration program (a) In general Not later than November 30, 2025, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Director for Operational Test and Evaluation, complete a demonstration program to assess the viability of using wideband adaptive signal processing technology to support simultaneous transmit and receive signals on the same electromagnetic spectrum frequency band that— (1) does not produce harmful interference; (2) significantly reduces electromagnetic spectrum guard bands; (3) maintains signal quality with respect to latency and throughput; and (4) increases electromagnetic spectrum access within the frequency band. (b) Location The demonstration program required by subsection (a) shall be conducted at a test and training range of the Department of Defense. (c) Consultation In carrying out the demonstration program required by subsection (a), the Chief Information Officer, the Under Secretary, and the Director shall consult with, at a minimum, the following: (1) The Joint Staff. (2) The military departments and their associated research labs. (3) Other Department of Defense organizations and agencies. (4) The Federal Communications Commission. (5) The National Telecommunications and Information Administration. (6) Other Federal agencies. (7) Industry and nongovernmental entities. (d) Authority to enter into contracts Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Chief Information Officer may enter into such contracts or other agreements as the Secretary considers appropriate with public and private entities to conduct studies and demonstration projects under the demonstration program required by subsection (a). (e) Briefing on plans for program Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Information Officer, the Under Secretary, and the Director shall jointly provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the plans to carry out the demonstration program required by subsection (a). (f) Periodic assessments of program The Chief Information Officer, the Under Secretary, and the Director shall, periodically, assess the demonstration program required by subsection (a). (g) Briefing on completed program Upon completion of the demonstration program required by subsection (a), the Chief Information Officer, the Under Secretary, and the Director shall jointly provide the congressional defense committees a briefing on their findings with respect to the demonstration program. 236. Pilot program on development of near-term use cases and demonstration of artificial intelligence toward biotechnology applications for national security (a) Pilot program required Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall commence carrying out a pilot program on developing near-term use cases and demonstrations of artificial intelligence toward biotechnology applications for national security. (b) Duration The pilot program required by subsection (a) shall be carried out during the five-year period beginning on the date of the commencement of the pilot program. (c) Public-private partnerships The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program required by subsection (a) by entering into one or more public-private partnerships. (d) Annual report (1) In general Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once each year thereafter for the duration of the pilot program required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees an annual report on the pilot program. (2) Contents Each report submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include, for the period covered by the report, the following: (A) An assessment of the role that artificial intelligence is playing in developing biotechnology, such as how commercial industry may be using artificial intelligence to develop biotechnologies. (B) A description of near-term use cases developed under the pilot program for artificial intelligence-enabled biotechnology applications for national security. (C) A description of planned, ongoing, and complete demonstrations or other pilot programs funded under the pilot program required by subsection (a) or otherwise by the Department of Defense. (D) An assessment of the viability for transition of technology developed under the pilot program, including assessment of— (i) the resources needed for further development and scaling of such technology; and (ii) the potential benefits of such technology. 237. Roadmap for addressing research and development needs in biotechnology for the Department of Defense (a) Roadmap required Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Secretaries of the military departments, submit to the congressional defense committees a roadmap for addressing research, development, test, and evaluation needs in biotechnology for the Department of Defense. (b) Elements The roadmap submitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Identification of biotechnology development needs and priorities for national security applications. (2) An assessment of the technology maturity of each priority identified pursuant to paragraph (1). (3) A description of funding sources for each priority identified pursuant to paragraph (1), including both current sources and sources covered by the future-years defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of title 10, United States Code. (4) A description of how the Office of Strategic Capital and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency plan to invest in each priority pursuant to paragraph (1), including plans to incorporate the investment of international partners. (5) A plan, timeline, and metrics to research, development, testing, and evaluation activities for the priorities identified pursuant to paragraph (1). (6) An assessment of opportunities for rapid acquisition and fielding of biotechnology in support of the priorities identified pursuant to paragraph (1). (7) Identification of opportunities for international cooperation in biotechnology research or testing, including potential regulatory impediments to cooperation. (8) An analysis of Department and Federal governance structures or regulatory processes that may hinder the ability of the Department to carry out the roadmap. (9) An assessment of the needs for the Department biotech workforce in the near, mid, and far terms. Such assessment shall cover sufficiency of numbers and types of biotechnology workers (including skilled technicians), workforce training and certification needs, and whether current occupational series adequately cover identified workforce skill needs of the Department. (c) Form The roadmap submitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) Comptroller General of the United States evaluation Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the roadmap pursuant to subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall evaluate the roadmap and submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the Comptroller General with respect to such evaluation. 238. Plan for optimization of Irregular Warfare Technical Support Directorate (a) Plan required Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for optimizing the contributions of the Irregular Warfare Technical Support Directorate to the fulfillment of Department of Defense irregular warfare activities in support of the National Defense Strategy. (b) Elements At a minimum, the plan required by subsection (a) shall address efforts to more effectively— (1) address emergent requirements within the year of execution; (2) focus and prioritize resources to rapidly address Department of Defense user requirements; (3) coordinate efforts with the Office of Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics of United States Special Operations Command; (4) maximize contributions from foreign and non-Department of Defense partners; and (5) address other matters deemed relevant by the Secretary. 239. National Defense Economic Competition Research Council (a) Establishment of Council (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a council to identify, evaluate, and coordinate existing research efforts, or propose new research topics, relating to economic competition activities, such as economic coercion, manipulation, or other uses of economic power to undermine the national defense strategy of the United States and the partners and allies of the United States. (2) Designation The council established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be known as the National Defense Economic Competition Research Council (in this section the Council ). (b) Charter and mission Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a charter for the Council with a mission that includes the following: (1) Conducting analysis of ongoing or proposed government and academic research relating to economic competition. (2) Making proposals for new areas of research to increase understanding of adversarial uses of economic tools in support of military objectives to improve understanding of threats, vulnerabilities, and defensive options to mitigate such threats and vulnerabilities. (3) Informing the tools available to the Department of Defense to defend against such economic competition, coercion and manipulation activities, including the use of adversarial capital to acquire technology, real estate, or other infrastructure, or to preemptively deny access by the United States. (4) Assess current data needs or shortfalls impairing understanding of threats and vulnerabilities relating to economic competition. (5) Convene groups, which may include academic, United States Government, nonprofit, commercial, or other international partners, to better understand regional requirements or inform the understanding of regional partners on the threats and vulnerabilities relating to military objectives as a result of increasing economic competition. (6) Such other activities as the Secretary deems appropriate. (c) Participants (1) In general The co-chairs of the Council shall ensure that the Council includes participation from each of the following: (A) The Office of Commercial and Economic Assessment. (B) The Office of Expanded Competition. (C) The Office of Strategic Capital. (D) The Defense Innovation Unit. (E) The Strategic Capabilities Office. (F) The Joint Warfighting Analysis Center (JWAC). (G) The Office of Global Economic and Investment Security under the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy. (H) The Office of Naval Research, including ONR-Global. (I) The Army Research Office. (J) The Air Force Office of Scientific Research. (K) The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. (L) The Strategic Intelligence and Analysis Cell under the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. (M) The program office of the Minerva Research Initiative. (N) Other relevant organizations as determined by the Secretary. (2) Co-chairs The co-chairs of the Council shall be the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. (d) Input from the joint staff and combatant commands The Council shall regularly solicit input from the Joint Staff and combatant commands on needs, problem statements, or other topics relating to economic competition activities described in subsection (a)(1) affecting their areas of responsibility. 240. Defense Science Board study on long-term operations and availability of Kwajalein Atoll as a Major Range and Test Facility Base (a) In general Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall direct the Defense Science Board to complete, not later than May 15, 2025, a study to assess the feasibility and advisability of designating the Ronald Reagan Ballistic Missile Defense Test Site (RTS) and United States Army Garrison Kwajalein Atoll (USAG-KA) as facilities and resources comprising the Major Range and Test Facility Base, including with respect to the availability and mission capability of such test site and garrison. (b) Elements The study completed pursuant to subsection (a) shall cover the following: (1) The history and rationale for the split funding of the United States facilities and capabilities on Kwajalein Atoll between an Army Garrison and a Major Range and Test Facility Base and whether those objectives have been achieved, and if not why. (2) The status of the garrison infrastructure and operations. (3) The status of the test asset operability, usage, and maintainability. (4) the interrelationship between garrison infrastructure and test asset operability. (5) The status of the supported or supporting relationship between United States Army Garrison Kwajalein Atoll, Ronald Reagan Ballistic Missile Defense Test Site, and the Lincoln Laboratory of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the long-term outlook for this partnership. (6) The overall future of the Kwajalein Atoll satisfying Department of Defense current and future missions. (7) Such other matters as the Under Secretary or the Defense Science Board consider appropriate. (c) Report Not later than 10 days after the completion of the study required by subsection (a), the Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the Defense Science Board with respect to the study. (d) Definition of Major Range and Test Facility Base In this section, the term Major Range and Test Facility Base has the meaning given such term in section 4173 of title 10, United States Code. 241. Pilot programs on use of artificial intelligence (a) Pilot program required Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall commence carrying out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of using artificial intelligence-enabled software to optimize the workflow and operations for— (1) depots, shipyards, or other manufacturing facilities run by the Department of Defense; and (2) contract administration for the Department, including the adjudication and review of contracts managed by the Defense Contract Management Agency. (b) Software In carrying out the pilot program required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) use best in breed software platforms; (2) consider industry best practices in the selection of software programs; (3) be implemented based on human centered design practices to best identify the business needs for improvement; and (4) demonstrate connection to enterprise platforms of record with relevant data sources. (c) Consultation The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program required by subsection (a)(1) in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, the Secretary of the Army, Secretary of the Navy, and Secretary of the Air Force. (d) Report Not later than one year after the date of the commencement of the pilot program pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report containing the following information: (1) An evaluation of each software platform used in the pilot program. (2) An analysis of how workflows and operations were modified as part of the pilot program. (3) A quantitative assessment of the impact the software had at each of the locations in which the pilot program was carried out. 242. Duties of Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer Governing Council relating to artificial intelligence models and advanced artificial intelligence technologies Section 238(d)(3)(E) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ; 10 U.S.C. note prec. 4061) is amended— (1) by redesignating clause (x) as clause (xi); and (2) by inserting after clause (ix) the following new clause (x): (x) With respect to artificial intelligence models and advanced artificial intelligence technologies— (I) to identify and assess artificial intelligence models and advanced artificial intelligence technologies that could pose a national security risk if accessed by an adversary of the United States; (II) to develop strategies to prevent unauthorized access and usage of potent artificial intelligence models by countries that are adversaries of the United States; and (III) to make recommendations to Congress and relevant Federal agencies for legislative or administrative action in the field of artificial intelligence. . 243. Quantum Scaling Initiative (a) Initiative required (1) In general The Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) shall establish an initiative to rapidly expand and support the development of fault-tolerant utility-scale quantum computing capability available to the Department of Defense. (2) Designation The initiative established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be known as the Quantum Scaling Initiative (in this section the Initiative ). (b) Elements The Initiative shall include the following: (1) Activities to broaden existing Department efforts to verify and validate commercial efforts to design and build utility-scale quantum computers, including through increased collaboration with key partners in the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL), the Office of Strategic Capital (OSC), and the Defense Innovation Unit (DIU). (2) Working with the Office of Strategic Capital, establish regular interactions with the venture capital and finance community to help accelerate commercial efforts to design and build viable utility-scale quantum computers. (3) Working with the office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy to connect key performers in fault-tolerant utility-scale quantum computing with support for industrial bases analysis, manufacturing support, and other analysis support to help foster and grow the broader industrial base supporting fault-tolerant utility-scale quantum computing. (4) Working with the military departments and other Department components to refine use cases for militarily relevant applications of utility-scale quantum computers. 244. Incorporating human readiness levels into research, development, test, and evaluation activities (a) Review Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, initiate a review of the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) and Human Factors and Ergonomics Society (HFES) Standard 400-2021 to determine whether any materials from this standard can and should be incorporated or referenced in Department of Defense procedures and guidance material in order to enhance safety in relation to human factors. (b) Preliminary mapping In carrying out the review required by subsection (b), the Secretary shall conduct preliminary mapping of the current human readiness levels of the Department based on Standard 400-2021 and how they align with the current technology readiness levels of major development and acquisitions programs (as defined in section 4201 of title 10, United States Codes). (c) Additional review and consultation In carrying out the review required by subsection (a), the Secretary— (1) shall conduct a review of technical standard 400-2021 of the American National Standards Institute and the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society; and (2) may consult with subject matter experts affiliated with the authorizing organization behind such a technical standard. (d) Briefing Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a briefing on the progress of the review required by subsection (a). 245. Management and utilization of digital data to enhance maintenance activities (a) Policies required Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer of the Department of Defense, develop and implement policies to manage and utilize data derived from digital data systems for aircraft, ships, and ground vehicles in support of maintenance activity. (b) Elements The policies required by subsection (a) shall include investment in advanced and scalable data infrastructure to efficiently record, transmit, categorize, and otherwise process data generated by digital data systems described in such subsection. Such policies shall— (1) require development of a strategy to invest in advanced technologies, including automated systems and artificial intelligence, to streamline the process of organizing, indexing, and categorizing data; (2) require work with vendors to address and resolve limitations imposed by proprietary information and data, including through the adoption of open data and open mission systems approaches; (3) address data transmission capabilities, such as— (A) implementing high-speed data transfer technologies; (B) optimizing network infrastructure; and (C) developing secure and efficient methods for transmitting mission-critical data between bases; (4) require central compilation of maintenance data and creation of user interfaces, prioritizing analysis of long-lead components; (5) require that, unless a compelling reason is identified, use of vendor-agnostic, government-owned tagging and interoperable systems; (6) require review of classification policies relating to digital data to ensure that data is appropriately classified without unnecessarily restricting its usability; and (7) establish protocols for detecting unauthorized access or intrusion into vehicle or platform systems. 246. Extension and modification of Directed Energy Working Group Section 219(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (6); (2) by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (6); and (3) in paragraph (6), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking 4 years and inserting 9 years . 247. Directed Energy Roadmap and Activity Funding Report (a) Reports required (1) In general Not later than June 1, 2025, and not later than June 1 of each year thereafter through 2031, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the legislative research agencies a report that describes the plans and objectives of the Department of Defense with respect to the directed energy roadmap of the Department for the next 10 years and the associated funding profile through the Future Years Defense Program (FYDP) for directed energy systems at all classification levels, including funding needed for development, delivery, integration on platforms, and system sustainment. (2) Designation A report submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be known as the Directed Energy Roadmap and Activity Funding Report . (b) Matters covered Each report submitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall cover the following: (1) The funding and investments of the Department relating to directed energy weapon capabilities, including any funding or investments with respect to the procurement, research, development, test and evaluation, and operation and maintenance of offensive and defensive directed energy weapons. (2) An assessment of the intelligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 )) of the threat environment that drives requirements for directed energy investments by the Department. (3) The strategic vision of the Department with respect to directed energy. (4) A description of the operational context for directed energy weapons. (5) A description of the approach of the Department to matters relating to directed energy weapons. (6) A roadmap for research, development, testing, evaluation, deployment, operation, and maintenance of directed energy weapons by the Department that covers the following: (A) Aspects to achieve military dominance. (B) Operational experience. (C) Delivery of new capabilities. (D) Tactical and strategic missions with proven, advanced, and aspirational technologies. (7) Deployed directed energy weapon systems to date. (8) Technology and transition focus areas. (9) Science and technology focus areas. (10) Previous fiscal year activities. (11) Prototyping and fielding by each military department and Department component. (12) Collaboration on directed energy technologies and capabilities with allies and partners of the United States. (13) Industrial base challenges, including workforce challenges and critical path items in the supply chain. (14) Department governance. (15) Recommendations to accelerate fielding. (c) Cost matters Each report submitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) include cost data for the fiscal year and future years defense program on the directed energy capabilities of the Department, including vehicles, developmental and operational testing, sensors, command and control architectures, infrastructure, testing infrastructure, software, workforce, training, ranges, integration costs, and such other items as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate; (2) to the extent applicable, for each item included in the report, identify whether such item relates to an offensive or defensive directed energy capability; (3) with respect to any research and development activities covered by the report, identify— (A) the program element for the activity; (B) the name of the entity that is carrying out the activity; and (C) the purpose of the activity; and (4) to the extent applicable, with respect to any developmental ground and flight testing and operational test and evaluation activities covered by the report, identify— (A) the program element for the activity; (B) the name of the entity that is carrying out the activity; and (C) the purpose of the activity. (d) Form Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall be submitted in— (1) an unclassified form that may be made available to the public; and (2) an unclassified form that may include a classified annex. (e) Legislative research agencies defined In this section, the term legislative research agencies includes the following: (1) The Congressional Research Services. (2) The Congressional Budget Office. (3) The Governmental Accountability Office. 248. Pilot program on establishing entities and consortia to conduct prototyping and production of critical and emerging technologies (a) Pilot program required Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall commence carrying out a pilot program to establish one or more entities, including consortia, through which the Secretary shall conduct prototyping activities and production activities for such critical and emerging technologies as the Secretary shall specify for purposes of the pilot program. (b) Use of prototyping authorities The Secretary shall carry out all prototyping activities under the pilot program required by subsection (a) pursuant to section 4022 of title 10, United States Code. (c) Termination The pilot program required by subsection (a) shall terminate on December 31, 2030. III Operation and Maintenance A Authorization of Appropriations 301. Authorization of appropriations Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2025 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4301. B Energy and Environment 311. Implementation of Inspector General recommendations relating to oversight of defense fuel support points Not later than May 1, 2026, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) implement the recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense contained in the report published by the Inspector General on April 11, 2024, and titled Audit of the Defense Logistics Agency Oversight of Defense Fuel Support Points (DODIG–2024–075); or (2) if the Secretary does not implement any such recommendation, submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report explaining why the Secretary has not implemented those recommendations. 312. Initiative to control and combat the spread of invasive species (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall enhance efforts of the Department of Defense through the Integrated Natural Resource Management Plans established pursuant to section 201 of the Sikes Act ( 16 U.S.C. 670g ) and other relevant management and operational plans to manage, control, and interdict invasive species, including those that exacerbate the risk of wildfire, that could affect— (1) the readiness of the Armed Forces; and (2) the health and safety of members of the Armed Forces, their families, and the surrounding communities. (b) Authorized activities Management, control, and interdiction of invasive species under subsection (a), and any other biosecurity efforts under such subsection, shall include, at a minimum— (1) science-based management and control programs to reduce the presence or spread of invasive species on military installations and to prevent the introduction or spread of such species to areas where such species are not established; (2) support for interagency and intergovernmental response efforts to control, interdict, monitor, and eradicate invasive species; (3) pursuit of chemical, biological, and beneficial fire use, other fire control techniques, technology transfer, and best practices to support management, control, interdiction, and where possible, eradication of invasive vegetation; (4) establishment of an early detection and rapid response mechanism to monitor and deploy coordinated interdiction efforts for any invasive species newly detected at a particular site at a military installation; and (5) post-fire land rehabilitation using native vegetation and other methods to preclude the reestablishment of invasive species. 313. Modification of definition of antenna structure project under Military Aviation and Installation Assurance Clearinghouse for review of mission obstructions Section 183a(h)(2)(A)(ii) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking under this title and inserting by law . 314. Provision by Secretary of the Air Force of meteorological data for Air Force and Army (a) In general Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of the Air Force shall provide meteorological and environmental services for operations of the Department of the Air Force and shall provide meteorological services for the Department of the Army. (b) Exception for ballistics data The requirement under subsection (a) shall not apply to meteorological ballistics data for the Department of the Army. 315. Modification of sustainable aviation fuel pilot program Section 324(b)(1)(A) of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 10 U.S.C. note prec. 2922) is amended by striking not fewer than two and inserting not fewer than six . 316. Study and report on the greenhouse gas and toxic pollutant emissions of the production and utilization of non-tactical vehicles of the Department of Defense (a) Study The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct and submit to the Secretary of Defense a study on the greenhouse gas and toxic pollutant emissions lifecycle in the production and utilization of electric non-tactical vehicles over the lifetime of the vehicle relative to a comparable model of non-tactical vehicle possessing an internal combustion engine, which shall include— (1) the estimated reduction in carbon emissions associated with the adoption of electric vehicles across the non-tactical vehicle fleet; (2) a comparative analysis of non-tactical efficiency, maintenance costs, and lifecycle emissions of electric vehicles versus traditional combustion engine vehicles; and (3) a cost-benefit analysis of investing in electric vehicle infrastructure versus the fully burdened costs, advantages, and disadvantages of internal combustion engines for non-tactical use by the Department of Defense. (b) Report Not later than 120 days after receipt of the results of the study under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the use of electric vehicles by the Armed Forces, which shall include— (1) an assessment of non-tactical capabilities to determine different mission profiles and scenarios, including deployment in combat zones, logistic support, and personnel and equipment transportation by electric vehicles; (2) an estimation of the expected lifespan and durability of electric vehicles under non-tactical conditions by assessing the reliability of key components such as batteries, electric motors, and powertrains and an evaluation of maintenance requirements and costs; (3) an evaluation of the logistical implications of integrating electric vehicles into the non-tactical vehicle fleet, including infrastructure requirements for charging or refueling, compatibility with existing supply chains, and potential challenges relating to spare parts availability and maintenance support; and (4) an identification of risks and challenges associated with the procurement and deployment of electric vehicles, such as technological obsolescence, cybersecurity vulnerabilities, and geopolitical dependencies on critical components. (c) Consultation In conducting the study required under subsection (a) and submitting the report required under subsection (b), the Comptroller General of the United States and the Secretary of Defense, as the case may be, shall consult with relevant private sector stakeholders, including climate change mitigation experts, automotive industry representatives, and former members of the Armed Forces with expertise in vehicle operations and maintenance. (d) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed to unduly impede ongoing efforts relating to compliance by the Department of Defense with section 2922g of title 10, United States Code. 317. Repeal of limitation on procurement of drop-in fuels; annual report (a) Repeal (1) In general Section 2922h of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter II of chapter 173 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2922h. (b) Annual report (1) In general Subchapter II of chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 2922j. Annual report on purchase of drop-in fuel (a) In general Not less frequently than annually, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report that, for the year covered by the report— (1) identifies each instance in which the Secretary purchased drop-in fuel that was not cost-competitive with traditional fuel; and (2) for each instance identified under paragraph (1), states whether the purchase was based on a military requirement or not. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) Drop-in fuel The term drop-in fuel means a neat or blended liquid hydrocarbon fuel designed as a direct replacement for a traditional fuel with comparable performance characteristics and compatible with existing infrastructure and equipment. (2) Traditional fuel The term traditional fuel means a liquid hydrocarbon fuel derived or refined from petroleum. . (2) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter II of chapter 173 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 2922j. Annual report on purchase of drop-in fuel. . C Treatment of Perfluoroalkyl Substances and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances 321. Interim responses to address releases or threatened releases of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances (a) In general The Secretary of Defense, consistent with the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ), shall take actions specified in subsection (b) to address any release or threatened release of PFAS at a covered facility. (b) Actions To be taken (1) Conduct of preliminary assessment and site inspection (A) In general If a preliminary assessment or site investigation for PFAS has not been conducted at a covered facility, the Secretary shall conduct expeditiously such assessment or investigation, as the case may be, to determine whether there has been a release or there is a threatened release of PFAS at the facility. (B) Presumed release Each covered facility that has or has had a fire training pit or similar facility shall be presumed, for purposes of subparagraph (A), to have had a release of PFAS. (2) Consideration of interim response actions (A) Determination of potential interim response actions A preliminary assessment or site investigation under paragraph (1)(A) shall include, along with any other matters required pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ), a description and analysis of potential interim response actions that can be taken to reduce immediate public exposure to the release of PFAS, including preventing an imminent and substantial endangerment. (B) Actions included Interim response actions to be considered under subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i) Provision of bottled water. (ii) Connection to public water systems for members of the public using private wells. (iii) Provision of filtration systems for public water systems. (iv) Provision of filtration systems for private residences. (3) Review (A) In general The Secretary shall make the preliminary assessment or site investigation conducted under paragraph (1)(A) with respect to a covered facility available for review to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the relevant State environmental regulatory agencies, any Indian tribal government whose tribal lands may be affected by the release or threatened release of PFAS, and members of the public. (B) Review period The period for review under subparagraph (A) shall be not less than 60 days and shall be extended if the Administrator requests additional review time. (4) Expedited implementation The Secretary of Defense shall expedite the implementation of any interim response actions selected by the Secretary for implementation pursuant to the consideration conducted under paragraph (2) and the review under paragraph (3). (c) Reports to Congress (1) Initial report Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report containing an identification of the following: (A) Which covered facilities have had a preliminary assessment or site investigation completed pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(A). (B) Which covered facilities have had a preliminary assessment or site investigation initiated pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(A) but not completed by the time the report is due to be submitted, and when such assessment or investigation is projected to be completed. (C) Which covered facilities have not had a preliminary assessment or site investigation initiated pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(A) but are required to have one pursuant to such subsection. (D) Which covered facilities are not required to have a preliminary assessment or site investigation conducted pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(A). (2) Final report Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on— (A) which covered facilities have had interim response actions selected for implementation under subsection (b); (B) what those interim response actions are; (C) the projected initiation dates for those interim response actions; (D) the projected completion dates for those interim response actions; and (E) an explanation as to why any interim response action considered in the preliminary assessment or site investigation conducted pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(A) was not adopted. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) Covered facility The term covered facility means a facility subject to section 2701(c) of title 10, United States Code. (2) PFAS The term PFAS means perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances. (3) Release; response The terms release and response have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ). 322. Increase of transfer authority for funding of study and assessment on health implications of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances contamination in drinking water by Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry Clause (iv) of section 316(a)(2)(B) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ; 131 Stat. 1350), as most recently amended by section 333 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ), is further amended by striking fiscal year 2024 and inserting each of fiscal years 2024 and 2025 . 323. Pilot program for performance of maintenance and repair on forward-deployed naval force ships in foreign shipyards (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall carry out a pilot program under which the Secretary authorizes the performance of maintenance and repair on forward-deployed naval force ships in foreign shipyards during scheduled maintenance and repair exercises (in this section referred to as the pilot program ). (b) Design The Secretary of the Navy shall design the pilot program to exercise the Ship Wartime Repair and Maintenance program of the Navy. (c) Termination The requirement to carry out the pilot program shall terminate on the date that is three years after the date on which the Secretary of the Navy establishes the pilot program. (d) Annual report Not later than December 1 of each year in which the pilot program is carried out, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report summarizing the actions taken under the pilot program during the preceding year, including information on how the pilot program is— (1) effectively exercising the Ship Wartime Repair and Maintenance program of the Navy; (2) impacting the workforce at shipyards in the United States; (3) impacting the workforce at the Naval Ship Repair Facility and Japan Regional Maintenance Center; and (4) impacting quality of life for sailors assigned to forward-deployed naval force ships. D Logistics and Sustainment 331. Warehouse utilization organization alignment (a) Briefing Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary of a military department and the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing that— (1) identifies the designated organization or command that will serve as the global integrator of that military department or agency and assume responsibilities as the manager of the storage network of that military department or agency; and (2) sets forth a comprehensive plan of the Secretary concerned or the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency, as the case may be— (A) to deploy storage space management tools, as authorized by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Sustainment, across the network of that military department or agency; and (B) to evaluate approaches for identifying improved supply chain processes, visibility, mission alignment, and cost savings and avoidances enabled through space consolidation. (b) Annual report Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the following five years, each Secretary of a military department and the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the following: (1) Plans for reconstituting commercially-stored inventory of the Department of Defense into the warehouses of the Department on military installations. (2) Information on barriers to reconstituting such inventory from commercial storage locations. 332. Authority for Government-Owned, Government-Operated facilities to access Production Base Support funds Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations providing that Government-Owned, Government-Operated (GOGO) facilities are eligible to receive Production Base Support (PBS) funding from the Army. 333. Codification and permanent extension of authority for reimbursement of expenses for certain Navy mess operations afloat (a) Codification Chapter 19 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1011 the following new section: 1011a. Reimbursement of expenses for certain Navy mess operations afloat (a) Authority for payment Of the amounts appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Navy, not more that $1,000,000 may be used to pay the charge established under section 1011 of this title for meals sold by messes for United States Navy and Naval Auxiliary vessels to the following: (1) Members of nongovernmental organizations and officers or employees of host and foreign nations when participating in or providing support to United States civil-military operations. (2) Foreign national patients treated on Naval vessels during the conduct of United States civil-military operations, and their escorts. (b) Report Not later than March 31 of each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the use of the authority under subsection (a). . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1011 the following new item: 1011a. Reimbursement of expenses for certain Navy mess operations afloat. . (c) Conforming repeal Section 1014 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 ( Public Law 110–417 ; 122 Stat. 4585) is repealed. 334. Plan for secondary sources in the munitions supply chain (a) Development of plan (1) In general The Secretary of the Army shall develop a plan providing options to establish secondary domestic production sources at existing arsenals, depots, and ammunition plants of the Army to address munitions supply chain chokepoints. (2) Existing mapping and studies In developing the plan required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Army shall draw on existing supply chain mapping conducted by the Department of Defense and other studies conducted by the Army. (b) Elements of plan The plan required under subsection (a)(1) shall include each of the following: (1) An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of expanding the scope of activities at all existing depots, arsenals, and ammunition plants of the Army to serve as secondary sources for single points of supply chain failure. (2) An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of reopening any previously closed depots, arsenals, and ammunition plants of the Army. (c) Briefing Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the implementation of the plan required under subsection (a). (d) Chokepoint defined In this section, the term chokepoint , with respect to a munitions supply chain of the Army, means a situation in which— (1) components of the supply chain, including all elements of the supply chain such as chemicals, casings, or other materials, are produced by only one domestic source; or (2) the increased production of a component would significantly increase total munitions output. 335. Counter unmanned aerial system threat library (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army, through the Joint Counter-Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems Office, shall establish and maintain a threat library, or expand and maintain an existing threat library, to coordinate efforts across the Department of Defense to counter unmanned aircraft systems. (b) Information To be included The threat library required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) classified and unclassified information relating to known or suspected threats from unmanned aircraft systems; (2) proposed solutions for countering such known threats; and (3) a comprehensive listing of global incursions from unmanned aircraft systems at installations of the Department of Defense. (c) Dissemination The Secretary of the Army, through the Joint Counter-Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems Office, shall establish a framework to share the information contained in the threat library required under subsection (a) with the military departments, the combatant commands, other Federal agencies, and relevant industries, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, in order to maintain technological superiority in aerial defense. E Reports 341. Modification of readiness reports to include total number of combat readiness upgrades or downgrades Paragraph (5) of section 482(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (5) The total number of upgrades and the total number of downgrades of the combat readiness of a unit that were issued by the commander of the unit, disaggregated by armed force. . 342. Extension and expansion of incident reporting requirements for Department of Defense Section 363 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 10 U.S.C. 2722 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking fiscal years 2022, 2023, and 2024 and inserting fiscal years 2022 through 2029 ; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking to the National Crime Information Center and local law enforcement. and inserting “to— (1) the National Crime Information Center; (2) local law enforcement; and (3) the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. . 343. Report on landing fees collected by installations of the Air Force located outside the continental United States (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the landing fees collected, as of the date of the report, by installations of the Air Force located outside the continental United States. (b) Elements The report required by subsection (a) shall include, by location— (1) the amount of fees collected; (2) the account to which those fees are deposited; and (3) the annual sustainment funds required for use of the runway concerned for commercial purposes. (c) Inclusion of Kunsan Air Base At a minimum, the report required by subsection (a) shall address landing fees at Kunsan Air Base in the Republic of Korea. 344. Annual briefing on operational readiness of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron prior to commencement of the official hurricane season Prior to the commencement of the official hurricane season, the commanding officer of the 22nd Air Force shall provide a briefing not later than March 31, 2025, and annually thereafter for two years, to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on the operational readiness of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron. F Other Matters 351. Authority for detection and monitoring of illegal drugs regardless of destination In conducting detection and monitoring of illegal drugs under section 124 of title 10, United States Code, the Joint Interagency Task Force South may conduct detection and monitoring of illegal drugs in the air and maritime domains within the established joint operating area of such task force regardless of the destination of the illegal drugs. 352. Extension of protection of certain facilities and assets from unmanned aircraft Section 130i(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking December 31, 2026 and inserting December 31, 2027 ; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking November 15, 2026 and inserting November 15, 2027 . 353. Limitation on availability of funds for travel expenses of Office of Secretary of Defense Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for operation and maintenance, defense-wide, and available for the Office of the Secretary of Defense for travel expenses, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees— (1) the implementation plan for the Joint Concept for Competing released on February 10, 2023, as required by section 1088 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ); (2) the Department of Defense Operations in the Information Environment Implementation Plan referenced in the Strategy for Operations in the Information Environment released in July 2023; (3) the Special Operations Forces joint operating concept for competition and conflict required by section 1047(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 1905); (4) unredacted copies of documents requested by the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate during the period between on January 1, 2024, and ending on June 1, 2024; and (5) the implementation plan required by section 1087 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 10 U.S.C. 161 note) relating to the requirement under such section to establish a joint force headquarters in the area of operations of United States Indo-Pacific Command to serve as an operational command. 354. Retrofitting of anti-lock brake system and electronic stability control kit for certain Army vehicles (a) Requirement By not later than September 30, 2030, the Secretary of the Army shall ensure that all high-mobility multipurpose wheeled vehicles identified in the Tactical Wheeled Vehicle Strategy of the Army have been retrofitted with an anti-lock brake system and electronic stability control kit. (b) Plan (1) In general The Secretary of the Army shall develop a plan to ensure the requirement under subsection (a) will be met. (2) Elements of plan The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the steps required to ramp up production of the anti-lock brake system and electronic stability control kits required under subsection (a) and conduct retrofitting activities at Red River Army Depot, Texas, and its associated flyaway teams. (B) A list of challenges identified by the Secretary of the Army, if any, to meeting the requirement under subsection (a) and a list of steps required to address those challenges. (C) An estimated monthly rate of retrofits needed to meet the requirement under subsection (a). (D) A funding plan required to carry out the steps described in subparagraphs (A) and (B). (E) An identification of any authorities or funding required for secondary destination transportation to fulfill the plan required under paragraph (1). (3) Submission of plan Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees the plan required by paragraph (1). (c) Annual certification Not later than each of March 1, 2025, March 1, 2026, and March 1, 2027, the Secretary of the Army shall certify to the congressional defense committees that the budget of the Army will enable the Army to meet the requirement under subsection (a). 355. Coordination of planning with respect to stockpiles of basic life sustaining and personnel items and equipment (a) In general The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and each equivalent acquisition officer of the military departments, shall determine the following: (1) Notwithstanding the requirements of the joint strategic capabilities plan or any other strategic planning document of the Department of Defense, whether existing total force stockpiles of basic life sustaining and personnel items and equipment are sufficient in the event of direct involvement by the United States in a protracted conflict or in more than one large-scale conflict taking place simultaneously in more than one theater. (2) The likely impact on supply chains of procurement by the Department of basic life sustaining and personnel items and equipment in a situation described in paragraph (1) and possible alternative sources of production and procurement of such items. (3) Whether current operational plans of the Armed Forces can be executed in two separate theaters simultaneously without drawing on the same stockpiles of basic life sustaining and personnel items and equipment, or whether those plans rely on the same stockpiles being available notwithstanding other operational plans of the Armed Forces. (b) Report (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the findings and determinations made under subsection (a). (2) Stockpiles relating to vehicles The report required under paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the availability of stockpiles of— (A) weather and terrain appropriate tires for tactical vehicles; and (B) mobile extreme weather shelters for maintenance of military vehicles. (c) Definitions In this section: (1) Basic life sustaining and personnel items and equipment The term basic life sustaining and personnel items and equipment includes the following: (A) Subsistence items, including food and food-related supplies, including condiments, utensils, paper products, and bottled water. (B) Clothing, individual equipment, tentage, organizational tool kits, hand tools, and administrative and housekeeping supplies and equipment. (C) Personal demand items (non-military sales items). (D) Such other items as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff may identify. (2) Protracted conflict The term protracted conflict means any armed conflict that extends beyond anticipated timelines set forth or implied in strategic planning documents or operational plans, such that the cumulative effects of hostilities result in the military goals set forth in strategic plans no longer being sufficient to end the conflict. 356. Pre-positioned stocks of finished defense textile articles (a) In general The Secretary of Defense may establish pre-positioned stocks of finished defense textile articles, such as uniforms and protective gear, to support the rapid mobilization and sustainment of members of the Armed Forces during a contingency operation. (b) Plan to reduce delays The Secretary shall develop a plan for phasing in and targeting policy changes relating to defense textile articles to reduce delinquencies and mitigate delays between policy decisions that may result in the miscalculation of stockpiling in order to ensure ample finished textiles are available to prevent a scenario in which the demand for certain articles is ramping down by the time the supply chain can ramp up to meet the need. 357. Pilot program for advanced manufacturing in the Indo-Pacific region (a) Establishment of a pilot program Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy and in coordination with the Commander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command, shall carry out a pilot program under which the Secretary— (1) establishes a public-private partnership to develop an advanced manufacturing facility on or near a military installation within the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command capable of meeting flexible manufacturing requirements to support the submarine and shipbuilding industrial base and related emerging needs of the commanders of the combatant commands and the commanders of other components of the Armed Forces; (2) fosters partnerships between industry, local universities, and workforce training programs to develop a local workforce in the vicinity of such facility capable of meeting advanced manufacturing demands; (3) coordinates requirements from the Submarine Industrial Base Task Force, the United States Indo-Pacific Command, the Innovation Capability and Modernization Office of the Department of Defense, and the Industrial Base Analysis and Sustainment program of the Department; (4) manufactures unmanned vehicles, including surface and underwater vehicles, and develops ship maintenance capabilities; and (5) is responsive to needs across the uniformed services and the defense industrial base. (b) Elements The advanced manufacturing facility and workforce training program required under the pilot program under subsection (a) shall— (1) be capable of additively manufacturing metal structures at least 10 feet in diameter and 50 feet long; (2) be able to manufacture systems and components that— (A) use wire-arc additive manufacturing, powder bed fusion manufacturing, cold spray manufacturing, or other similar manufacturing capabilities; and (B) maintain a local machining capability; (3) be able to maintain a production capability across the six critical materials of the Navy in order to respond to emerging repair and production requirements during conflict; and (4) ensure broad participation in the workforce training program by establishing the facility either outside of a military installation (but very close to a military installation) or onboard a military installation with readily available access to a civilian trainee workforce. (c) Termination The requirement to carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date on which the Secretary establishes the pilot program. (d) Annual report Not later than December 1 of each year in which the pilot program under subsection (a) is carried out, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report summarizing the actions taken under the pilot program during the preceding year, including information on how the pilot program is supporting initiatives of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. (e) Advanced manufacturing defined In this section, the term advanced manufacturing means a manufacturing process utilizing the following techniques: (1) Additive manufacturing. (2) Wire-arc additive manufacturing. (3) Powder bed fusion manufacturing. (4) Other similar manufacturing capabilities. IV Military personnel authorizations A Active forces 401. End strengths for active forces The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2025, as follows: (1) The Army, 442,300. (2) The Navy, 332,300. (3) The Marine Corps, 172,300. (4) The Air Force, 320,000. (5) The Space Force, 9,800. 402. Annual end-strength authorization for the Space Force (a) End strength authorization by law for space force to be a single number for members in space force active status (1) Requirement Subsection (a) of section 115 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (3) The end strength for the Space Force for members in space force active status. . (2) Conforming amendments Such subsection is further amended— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking and selected reserve and inserting , selected reserve, and space force ; and (B) in paragraph (1), by striking each of the armed forces (other than the Coast Guard) and inserting the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps . (b) Corresponding limitation on appropriations Subsection (c) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ; or and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: (3) the use of members of the Space Force in space force active status unless the end strength for the Space Force for that fiscal year for members in space force active status has been authorized by law; or . (c) Authority for variances of end strength (1) Secretary of Defense Subsection (f) of such section is amended— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking and Selected Reserve and inserting , Selected Reserve, and Space Force ; and (B) in paragraph (1), by striking subsection (a)(1)(A) and inserting paragraph (1)(A) or (3) of subsection (a) . (2) Secretary of the Air Force Subsection (g) of such section is amended— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking and Selected Reserve and inserting , Selected Reserve, and Space Force ; and (B) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking subsection (a)(1)(A) and inserting paragraph (1)(A) or (3) of subsection (a) . (3) Effective date The amendments made by paragraphs (1) and (2) shall take effect upon the date specified under paragraph (2) of section 1736(a) of the Space Force Personnel Management Act (title XVII of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 677) for the expiration of the authority provided by paragraph (1) of that section. (4) Conforming cross-reference amendments to SFPMA Section 1736(a)(1) of the Space Force Personnel Management Act (title XVII of Public Law 118–31 ) is amended by striking section 115(a)(1)(A) both places it appears and inserting section 115(a)(3) . B Reserve forces 411. End strengths for selected reserve (a) In general The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for Selected Reserve personnel of the reserve components as of September 30, 2025, as follows: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 325,000. (2) The Army Reserve, 175,800. (3) The Navy Reserve, 57,700. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 32,500. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 108,300. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 67,000. (7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. (b) End strength reductions The end strengths prescribed by subsection (a) for the Selected Reserve of any reserve component shall be proportionately reduced by— (1) the total authorized strength of units organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component which are on active duty (other than for training) at the end of the fiscal year; and (2) the total number of individual members not in units organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for unsatisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. (c) End strength increases Whenever units or individual members of the Selected Reserve for any reserve component are released from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased proportionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. 412. End strengths for reserves on active duty in support of the reserves Within the end strengths prescribed in section 411(a), the reserve components of the Armed Forces are authorized, as of September 30, 2025, the following number of Reserves to be serving on full-time active duty or full-time duty, in the case of members of the National Guard, for the purpose of organizing, administering, recruiting, instructing, or training the reserve components: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 30,845. (2) The Army Reserve, 16,511. (3) The Navy Reserve, 10,132. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 2,400. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 25,982. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 6,311. 413. End strengths for military technicians (dual status) (a) In general The minimum number of military technicians (dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2025 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the following: (1) For the Army National Guard of the United States, 22,294. (2) For the Army Reserve, 6,492. (3) For the Air National Guard of the United States, 10,744. (4) For the Air Force Reserve, 6,697. (b) Limitation on number of temporary military technicians (dual status) The number of temporary military technicians (dual status) employed under the authority of subsection (a) may not exceed 25 percent of the total authorized number specified in such subsection. (c) Limitation Under no circumstances may a military technician (dual status) employed under the authority of this section be coerced by a State into accepting an offer of realignment or conversion to any other military status, including as a member of the Active, Guard, and Reserve component. If a military technician (dual status) declines to participate in such realignment or conversion, no further action will be taken against the individual or the individual’s position. 414. Maximum number of reserve personnel authorized to be on active duty for operational support During fiscal year 2025, the maximum number of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who may be serving at any time on full-time operational support duty under section 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, is the following: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 17,000. (2) The Army Reserve, 13,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 6,200. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 3,000. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 16,000. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 14,000. 415. Exemption of National Guard Bilateral Affairs Officers from active-duty end strength limits and modification of annual reporting requirement regarding security cooperation activities (a) Exemption of National Guard Bilateral Affairs Officers from active-duty end strength limits Section 115(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (14) Members of the National Guard on active duty or full-time National Guard duty serving as Bilateral Affairs Officers as part of the National Guard State Partnership Program. . (b) Modification of annual reporting requirement regarding security cooperation activities Section 386(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking appropriate congressional committees and inserting congressional defense committees . C Authorization of appropriations 421. Military personnel (a) Authorization of appropriations Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2025 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. (b) Construction of authorization The authorization of appropriations in the subsection (a) supersedes any other authorization of appropriations (definite or indefinite) for such purpose for fiscal year 2025. V Military personnel policy A Officer personnel policy 501. Repeal of active duty service requirement for warrant officer appointments in Air Force and Space Force (a) In general Section 9160 of title 10, United States Code, is hereby repealed. (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 915 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 9160. 502. Talent management and personnel retention for members of the Armed Forces (a) Authority for officers to opt-out of promotion board consideration (1) Regular officers Section 619(e)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by inserting training, after Department, ; and (B) by striking assignment or education and inserting assignment, education, or training . (2) Reserve officers Section 14301(j)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by inserting training, after Department, ; and (B) by striking assignment or education and inserting assignment, education, or training . (b) Effect of failure of selection for promotion for certain officers (1) First lieutenants and lieutenants (junior grade) Section 631(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking the President approves the report of the board which considered him for the second time and inserting the Secretary concerned releases the promotion results of the board which considered the officer for the second time to the public ; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the President approves the report of the board which considered him for the second time and inserting the Secretary concerned releases the promotion results of the board which considered the officer for the second time to the public . (2) Captains and majors of the Army, Air Force, and Marine Corps and lieutenants and lieutenant commanders of the Navy Section 632(a)(2) of such title is amended by striking the President approves the report of the board which considered him for the second time and inserting the Secretary concerned releases the promotion results of the board which considered the officer for the second time to the public . (3) Regular Navy and regular Marine Corps officers designated for limited duty Section 8372 of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (b), by striking the President approves the report of the selection board in which the officer is considered as having failed of selection for promotion to the grade of commander or lieutenant colonel for the second time and inserting the Secretary concerned releases the promotion results of the board which considered the officer for the second time to the public ; (B) in subsection (d), by striking the President approves the report of the selection board in which the officer is considered as having failed of selection for promotion to the grade of lieutenant commander or major for the second time and inserting the Secretary concerned releases the promotion results of the board which considered the officer for the second time to the public ; and (C) in subsection (e), by striking the President approves the report of the selection board in which the officer is considered as having failed of selection for promotion to the grade of lieutenant or captain, respectively, for the second time and inserting the Secretary concerned releases the promotion results of the board which considered the officer for the second time to the public . (4) Reserve first lieutenants of the Army, Air Force, and Marine Corps and reserve lieutenants (junior grade) of the Navy Section 14504 of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking the President approves the report of the board which considered the officer for the second time and inserting the Secretary concerned releases the promotion results of the board which considered the officer for the second time to the public ; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking President approves the report of the selection board which resulted in the second failure and inserting the Secretary concerned releases the promotion results of the board which considered the officer for the second time to the public . (5) Reserve captains of the Army, Air Force, and Marine Corps and reserve lieutenants of the Navy Section 14505 of such title is amended by striking the President approves the report of the board which considered the officer for the second time and inserting the Secretary concerned releases the promotion results of the board which considered the officer for the second time to the public . (6) Reserve majors of the Army, Air Force, and Marine Corps and reserve lieutenant commanders of the Navy Section 14506 of such title is amended by striking the President approves the report of the board which considered the officer for the second time and inserting the Secretary concerned releases the promotion results of the board which considered the officer for the second time to the public . 503. Authority to increase the number of nurse officers recommended for promotion (a) In general For purposes of recommendations for promotion by selection boards under section 616 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary concerned may, notwithstanding the limit specified in subsection (d) of such section, authorize a greater number of officers so recommended that is less than 100 percent of the number of officers so included, for nurse officers recommended for promotion to major or lieutenant commander, if the Secretary concerned determines that such greater number is necessary to maintain or improve medical readiness. (b) Sunset The authority under subsection (a) shall expire on December 31, 2030. 504. Vice Chief of Space Operations; vacancy in position of Chief of Space Operations (a) Vice Chief of Space Operations Chapter 908 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating sections 9083, 9084, 9085, and 9086 as sections 9084, 9085, 9086, and 9087, respectively; and (2) by inserting after section 9082 the following new section 9083: 9083. Vice Chief of Space Operations (a) Appointment There is a Vice Chief of Space Operations, appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, from the general officers of the Space Force. (b) Grade The Vice Chief of Space Operations, while so serving, has the grade of general without vacating the permanent grade of the officer. (c) Duties The Vice Chief of Space Operations shall have such authorities and duties with respect to the Space Force as the Chief of Space Operations, with the approval of the Secretary of the Air Force, may delegate to or prescribe for the Vice Chief of Space Operations. Orders issued by the Vice Chief of Space Operations in performing such duties have the same effect as orders issued by the Chief of Space Operations. . (b) Vacancy in position of Chief of Space Operations Section 9082 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (f) Vacancy in position of Chief of Space Operations When there is a vacancy in the position of Chief of Space Operations or during the absence or disability of the Chief of Space Operations— (1) the Vice Chief of Space Operations shall perform the duties of the Chief of Space Operations until a successor is appointed or the absence or disability ceases; or (2) if there is a vacancy in the position of the Vice Chief of Space Operations or the Vice Chief of Space Operations is absent or disabled, unless the President directs otherwise, the most senior officer of the Space Force in the Space Staff who is not absent or disabled and who is not restricted in performance of duty shall perform the duties of the Chief of Space Operations until the earliest of— (A) the appointment of a successor to the Chief of Space Operations or the Vice Chief of Space Operations; or (B) the cessation of the absence or disability of the Chief of Space Operations or Vice Chief of Space Operations. . (c) Clerical amendments The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by striking the items relating to sections 9083, 9084, 9085, and 9086 and inserting the following new items: 9083. Vice Chief of Space Operations. 9084. Office of the Chief of Space Operations: function; composition. 9085. Office of the Chief of Space Operations: general duties. 9086. Regular Space Force: composition. 9087. Space Development Agency. . 505. Eligibility for consideration for promotion: time-in-grade and other requirements (a) Warrant officers Section 577 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting or an approved retirement date after an established separation date that is within 90 days after the date on which the board is convened . (b) Officers Section 619(c)(2)(C) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting or an approved retirement date after an established separation date that is within 90 days after the date the board is convened . (c) Reserve components Section 14301(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (f) Nonconsideration of officers scheduled for removal from reserve active-status list The Secretary of the military department concerned may, by regulation, preclude from consideration by a selection board by which an officer would otherwise be eligible to be considered, an officer who has an established separation date that is within 90 days after the date the board is convened or an approved retirement date. . 506. Effect of failure of selection for promotion: captains and majors of the Army, Air Force, Marine Corps, and Space Corps and lieutenants and lieutenant commanders of the Navy Section 632(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (c) (1) If an officer is subject to discharge under subsection (a)(1) and, as of the date on which the officer is to be discharged under that subsection, the officer has not completed the officer's active duty service obligation, the officer shall be retained on active duty until completion of such active duty service obligation, and then be discharged under subsection (a)(1), unless sooner retired or discharged under another provision of law. (2) The Secretary concerned may waive the applicability of paragraph (1) to any officer if the Secretary determines that completion of the active duty service obligation of that officer is not in the best interest of the service. . 507. Removal of officers from a list of Space Force officers recommended for promotion Section 20241(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking section 14310 and inserting sections 629 or 14310 . 508. Consideration of merit by special selection review boards (a) Regular components Section 628a(d)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ranks in the upper half of an order of merit created by the special selection review board or before ranks on an order of merit created by the special selection review board as better qualified . (b) Reserve components Section 14502a(d)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ranks in the upper half of an order of merit created by the special selection review board or before ranks on an order of merit created by the special selection review board as better qualified . 509. Modification of authority to separate officers when in the best interest of the service Section 1182(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: (1) (A) If a board of inquiry determines that an officer should be retained, the officer’s case is closed unless the board substantiated a basis for separation and, upon recommendation from the service chief, the Secretary of the military department determines that the board’s retention recommendation is clearly erroneous in light of the evidence considered by the board, a miscarriage of justice, and inconsistent with the best interest of the service. In such cases, the Secretary of the military department may separate the officer after providing a written justification of the decision to separate. (B) An officer considered for separation under this section must be notified and afforded the opportunity to present matters for the Secretary of the military department to consider when making the separation determination. The Secretary of the military department shall review the case to determine whether the retention recommendation of the board is clearly contrary to the substantial weight of the evidence in the record and whether the officer’s conduct discredits the Service, adversely affects good order and discipline, and adversely affects the officer’s performance of duty. (C) Exercise of authority to separate an officer under this section shall be reserved for unusual cases where such action is essential to the interests of justice, discipline, and proper administration of the service. ; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph: (2) Authority to direct administrative separation after a board of inquiry’s recommendation to retain an officer may only be delegated to a civilian official within a military department appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. The least favorable characterization in such cases will be general (under honorable conditions). . 509A. Improvements relating to Medical Officer of the Marine Corps position (a) Medical Officer of the Marine Corps (1) In general Chapter 806 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 8048. Medical Officer of the Marine Corps (a) There is a Medical Officer of the Marine Corps who shall be appointed from among flag officers of the Navy. (b) The Medical Officer of the Marine Corps, while so serving, shall hold the grade of rear admiral (lower half). . (2) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 806 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 8047 the following new item: 8048. Medical Officer of the Marine Corps. . (b) Exclusion from certain distribution limitations Section 525 of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the following new subsection: (g) A naval officer while serving as the Medical Officer of the Marine Corps is in addition to the number that would otherwise be permitted for the Navy for officers serving on active duty in the grade of rear admiral (lower half) under subsection (a). . (c) Exclusion from active duty strength limitations Section 526 of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (g) through (j) as subsections (h) through (k), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the following new subsection: (g) Exclusion of Medical Officer of Marine Corps The limitations of this section do not apply to the flag officer who is serving as the Medical Officer of the Marine Corps. . 509B. Longer term and eligibility for appointment to rank of Admiral of Commander of Naval Sea Systems Command (a) Term Section 526 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (k) (1) An individual service as the Commander of the Naval Sea Systems Command— (A) subject to paragraph (2), shall serve for a term of eight years; and (B) is eligible to be appointed to the rank of Admiral during the final three years of that term. (2) The Secretary of the Navy may terminate the term of an individual serving as the Commander of the Naval Sea Systems Command before the end of the eight-year term specified in paragraph (1)(A) if the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees of the termination. . (b) Extension of time period for retirement for years of service Section 636(c) of such title is amended— (1) by striking In the administration and inserting (1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), in the administration ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) The officer serving as the Commander of the Naval Sea Systems Command— (A) may continue to serve after 40 years of active commissioned service in order to complete the term of the Commander specified in section 526(k)(1)(A) of this title; (B) may in no case serve more than 45 years of active commissioned service. . B Reserve component management 511. Permanent modification to the Army National Guard and Air National Guard inactive National Guard statute Section 303 of title 32, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: (d) Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Army— (1) an officer of the Army National Guard who fills a vacancy in a federally recognized unit of the Army National Guard may be transferred from the active Army National Guard to the inactive Army National Guard; (2) an officer of the Army National Guard transferred to the inactive Army National Guard pursuant to paragraph (1) may be transferred from the inactive Army National Guard to the active Army National Guard to fill a vacancy in a federally recognized unit; (3) a warrant officer of the Army National Guard who fills a vacancy in a federally recognized unit of the Army National Guard may be transferred from the active Army National Guard to the inactive Army National Guard; and (4) a warrant officer of the Army National Guard transferred to the inactive Army National Guard pursuant to paragraph (3) may be transferred from the inactive Army National Guard to the active Army National Guard to fill a vacancy in a Federally recognized unit. (e) Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Air Force— (1) an officer of the Air National Guard who fills a vacancy in a federally recognized unit of the Air National Guard may be transferred from the active Air National Guard to the inactive Air National Guard; and (2) an officer of the Air National Guard transferred to the inactive Air National Guard pursuant to paragraph (1) may be transferred from the inactive Air National Guard to the active Air National Guard to fill a vacancy in a Federally recognized unit. . 512. Expanded authority to continue reserve component officers in certain military specialties on the reserve active-status list (a) Authority for continuation on the reserve active-status list Chapter 1409 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 14701 the following new section: 14701a. Continuation on reserve active-status list: officers in certain military specialties and career tracks (a) In general The Secretary of the military department concerned may authorize a reserve commissioned officer in a grade above O-2 to remain on the reserve active-status list after the date otherwise provided for the separation or retirement of the officer under section 14505, 14506, or 14507 of this title, as applicable, if the officer has a military occupational specialty, rating, or specialty code in a military specialty designated pursuant to subsection (b). (b) Military specialties The Secretary of a military department shall designate the military specialties in which a military occupational specialty, rating, or specialty code, as applicable, assigned to members of the armed forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary authorizes the members to be eligible for continuation on the reserve active-status list as provided in subsection (a). (c) Duration of continuation An officer continued on the reserve active-status list pursuant to this section shall, if not earlier retired, transferred to the Retired Reserve, or discharged, be separated in accordance with section 14513 or 14514 of this title, as applicable, on the first day of the month after the month in which the officer completes 40 years of commissioned service. (d) Regulations The Secretaries of the military departments shall carry out this section in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense. The regulations shall specify the criteria to be used by the Secretaries of the military departments in designating military specialties for purposes of subsection (b). . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 1409 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 14701 the following new item: 14701a. Continuation on reserve active-status list: officers in certain military specialties and career tracks. . (b) Conforming amendments Title 10, United States Code, is further amended— (1) in section 1558(b)(2)(A), by inserting 14701a, after 14701, ; (2) in section 14505, by inserting or 14701a after 14701 ; (3) in section 14506, by inserting 14701a, after 14701, ; and (4) in section 14507, by inserting , 14701a, after 14701 both places it appears. 513. Authority to extend military technicians until age 62 (a) Military technician Section 10216(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking 60 and inserting 62. (b) Retention on reserve active-status list Section 14702(b) of such title is amended by striking 60 and inserting 62 . 514. Extension of time period for transfer or discharge of certain Army and Air Force reserve component general officers Section 14314 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) as subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D), respectively; (B) by striking Within and inserting (1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), within ; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) For any general officer covered by paragraph (1) who is released from a joint duty assignment or other non-joint active-duty assignment, the Secretary concerned shall complete the transfer or discharge required by paragraph (1) not later than 60 days after the officer’s release. ; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking subsection (a)(3) and inserting subsection (a)(1)(C) . 515. Transfer to the Space Force of covered space functions of the Air National Guard of the United States (a) Transfer of covered space functions (1) In general During the transition period, the Secretary of the Air Force shall transfer to the Space Force the covered space functions of the Air National Guard of the United States. The transfer shall occur without regard to section 104 of title 32, United States Code, or section 18238 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Personnel billets limitations With regard to personnel billets, the statutory waiver under paragraph (1) is limited to 578 personnel billets from across the Air National Guard to the Space Force as follows: (A) 33 personnel from the State of Alaska. (B) 126 personnel from the State of California. (C) 119 personnel from the State of Colorado. (D) 75 personnel from the State of Florida. (E) 130 personnel from the State of Hawaii. (F) 69 personnel from the State of Ohio. (G) 26 personnel assigned to Headquarters, Air National Guard (b) Transfer of units Upon the transfer to the Space Force of the covered space functions of a unit of the Air National Guard of the United States, the Secretary of the Air Force may— (1) change the status of the unit from a unit of the Air National Guard of the United States to a unit of the United States Space Force; (2) deactivate the unit; or (3) assign the unit a new Federal mission. (c) Transfer of covered members (1) Officers During the transition period, the Secretary of Defense may, with the officer’s consent, transfer a covered officer of the Air National Guard of the United States to, and appoint the officer in, the Space Force. (2) Enlisted members During the transition period, the Secretary of the Air Force may transfer each covered enlisted member of the Air National Guard of the United States to the Space Force, other than those members who do not consent to transfer. Upon such a transfer, the transferred member ceases to be a member of the Air National Guard of the United States and is discharged from the member’s enlistment as a Reserve of the Air Force. (3) Effective date of transfers Each transfer under this subsection shall be effective on the date specified by the Secretary of Defense, in the case of an officer, or the Secretary of the Air Force, in the case of an enlisted member, but not later than the last day of the transition period. (4) Limitations For any covered officer or covered enlisted member affected by paragraphs (1) or (2), each officer or member shall have— (A) not less than one year from the date of the enactment of this Act or the period of time the Secretary concerned considers appropriate, whichever is longer, to elect to transfer to the Space Force; and (B) to the maximum extent practicable, 3 years of location stability— (i) in the location where the officer or member is assigned on the date the officer or member elects to transfer to the Space Force; and (ii) commencing on the first date the officer or member reports as an officer or member of the Space Force. (d) Regulations Transfers under subsection (c) shall be carried out under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense. In the case of an officer, applicable regulations shall include those prescribed pursuant to section 716 of title 10, United States Code. (e) Term of initial enlistment in the Space Force In the case of a covered enlisted member who is transferred to the Space Force in accordance with subsection (c), the Secretary of the Air Force may accept the initial enlistment of the member in the Space Force for a period of less than 2 years, but only if the period of enlistment in the Space Force is not less than the period remaining, as of the date of the transfer, in the member’s term of enlistment in a reserve component of the Air Force. (f) End strength adjustments upon transfers from the Air National Guard of the United States During the transition period, upon the transfer to the Space Force of a covered space function of the Air National Guard of the United States, the end strength authorized for the Space Force pursuant to section 115(a)(1)(A) of title 10, United States Code, for the fiscal year during which the transfer occurs shall be increased by the number of billets associated with that mission. (g) Administrative provisions For purposes of the transfer of covered members of the Air National Guard of the United States in accordance with subsection (c)— (1) the Air National Guard of the United States and the Space Force shall be considered to be components of the same Armed Force; and (2) the Space Force officer list shall be considered to be an active-duty list of an Armed Force. (h) Retraining and reassignment for members not transferring If a covered member of the Air National Guard of the United States does not consent to transfer to the Space Force in accordance with subsection (c), the Secretary of the Air Force shall, as determined appropriate by the Secretary in the case of the individual member, provide the member retraining and reassignment within the reserve component of the Air Force. (i) Protection of rank and pay The Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that any member of the Air National Guard who joins the Space Force as a result of a transfer under subsection (c) will not lose rank or pay upon transferring to the Space Force. (j) Space Force units in affected States In order to reduce the cost of transferring to the Space Force the covered space functions of the Air National Guard of the United States, and to reduce the impact of such transfer on the affected State, the following provisions apply: (1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), after a covered space function is transferred to the Space Force from the Air National Guard of the United States, the Space Force shall continue to perform the covered space function within the affected State for a period of not less than 10 years following the effective date of such transfer. (2) Except when the Secretary of the Air Force determines that it would not be in the best interests of the United States, the Secretary may not move the Space Force unit, equipment, or billets associated with the covered space function out of the affected State during the 10-year period following the transfer of such unit, equipment, or billets into the Space Force until— (A) the Secretary of the Air Force has notified the congressional defense committees of the details of such move and provided an explanation regarding why the move is necessary to support the National Defense Strategy; and (B) a period of 120 days has elapsed after the notification has been received by those committees. (3) Except when the Secretary of the Air Force determines that it would not be in the best interests of the United States, the Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with the governor of an affected State, to provide for the Space Force to become a tenant organization on an installation of the National Guard of the affected State at which a covered space function was executed. (k) Definitions In this section: (1) Affected State The term affected State means the States of Alaska, California, Colorado, Florida, Hawaii, and Ohio; (2) Covered member The term covered member , with respect to a member of the Air National Guard of the United States, has the meaning given the term in section 1733(g) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 676); (3) Covered space functions of the Air National Guard of the United States The term covered space functions of the Air National Guard of the United States means the following units of the Air National Guard of the United States associated with the performance of a space-related function, including their personnel, equipment, and resources: (A) 213th Space Warning Squadron, Alaska Air National Guard. (B) 148th Space Operations Squadron, California Air National Guard. (C) 216th Electromagnetic Warfare Squadron, California Air National Guard. (D) 137th Space Warning Squadron, Colorado Air National Guard. (E) 138th Electromagnetic Warfare Squadron, Colorado Air National Guard. (F) 114th Electromagnetic Warfare Squadron, Florida Air National Guard. (G) 150th Electromagnetic Warfare Squadron, Hawaii Air National Guard. (H) 109th Electromagnetic Warfare Squadron, Hawaii Air National Guard. (I) 126th Intelligence Squadron, Ohio Air National Guard. (4) Transition period The term transition period means the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the last day of the eighth fiscal year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 516. Report on effect of Air National Guard unit leveling (a) In general The Chief of the National Guard Bureau may allow an exemption for any of the 50 states and the District of Columbia to leveling of full-time personnel to Air National Guard Units, should a state request one, for at least one-year. (b) Report For any Air National Guard unit granted an exemption under section (a), not more than 60 days prior to implementation of such leveling, including through the conversion of Active Guard and Reserve to Dual-Status Technicians, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report with the following elements: (1) A description of projected changes to the unit, including number of status conversions and changes to personnel numbers. (2) A description of the operational impact of the State's Guard mission. (3) A description of the end strength requirements that justify such an initiative. (4) Recommendations for any increase to end strength necessary to offset this requirement. (b) Form The report required under subsection (b) may be submitted in unclassified form with a classified annex. C General service authorities and military records 521. Marine Corps Deputy Commandants Section 8045 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking not more than seven Deputy Commandants and inserting not more than eight Deputy Commandants . 522. Treatment of veterans who did not register for the selective service Section 3328 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ( 50 U.S.C. App. 453 ) and inserting ( 50 U.S.C. 3802 ) ; (2) redesignating subsection (b) as subsection (c); (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the following new subsection: (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to an individual— (1) who is a veteran; (2) who provides evidence of active duty service to the Executive agency in which the individual seeks an appointment; and (3) for whom the requirement to register under section 3 of the Military Selective Service Act ( 50 U.S.C. 3802 ) has terminated or is now inapplicable due to age. ; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subsection: (d) In this section, the terms active duty and veteran have the meaning given those terms in section 101 of title 38. . 523. Selective Service Director appointment subject to Senate confirmation (a) In general Section 10(a)(3) of the Military Selective Service Act of 1948 ( 50 U.S.C. 3809(a)(3) ) is amended by inserting with the advice and consent of the Senate after The Director shall be appointed by the President . (b) Effective date The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect sixty (60) days after the date of enactment of this Act and apply to appointments made on and after such effective date. 524. Continuity of coverage under certain provisions of title 18, United States Code (a) Section 202 Section 202(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the third sentence, by inserting an officer of the Space Force not serving on sustained duty pursuant to section 20105 of title 10, after of the Armed Forces, ; and (2) in the fourth and fifth sentences, by striking A Reserve and all that follows through who is and inserting Such an officer who is . (b) Section 209 Section 209(h) of such title is amended by inserting , or a member of the Space Force, after a member of the reserve components of the armed forces . (c) Cross-reference amendment Section 202(a) of such title, as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by striking section 29(c) and (d) of the Act of August 10, 1956 (70A Stat. 632; 5 U.S.C. 30r(c) and (d)) and inserting sections 502, 2105(d), and 5534 of title 5 . 525. Technical and conforming amendments related to the Space Force (a) Appointment of chairman; grade and rank Section 152(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking general, in the case and inserting general or, in the case ; and (2) by striking or, in the case of an officer of the Space Force, the equivalent grade, . (b) Joint requirements oversight council Section 181(c)(1)(F) of such title is amended by striking in the grade equivalent to the grade of general in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or admiral in the Navy and inserting in the grade of general . (c) Original appointments of commissioned officers (1) Appointments .Section 531(a) of such title is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking and Regular Marine Corps in the grades of ensign, lieutenant (junior grade), and lieutenant in the Regular Navy, and in the equivalent grades in the Space Force and inserting Regular Marine Corps, and Space Force, and in the grades of ensign, lieutenant (junior grade), and lieutenant in the Regular Navy ; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking and Regular Marine Corps in the grades of lieutenant commander, commander, and captain in the Regular Navy, and in the equivalent grades in the Space Force and inserting Regular Marine Corps, and Space Force, and in the grades of lieutenant commander, commander, and captain in the Regular Navy . (2) Service credit upon original appointment as a commissioned officer Section 533(b)(2) of such title is amended— (A) by striking , or Marine Corps and inserting Marine Corps, or Space Force or ; and (B) by striking , or an equivalent grade in the Space Force . (d) Selection boards (1) Convening of selection boards Section 611(a) of such title is amended by striking or Marine Corps and inserting Marine Corps, or Space Force . (2) JQO member required for boards to consider officers who are joint qualified officers Subsection (c)(3)(A) of section 612 of such title is amended by inserting or the Space Force after of the Marine Corps . (3) Special selection review boards Section 628a(a)(1)(A) of such title is amended by striking or rear admiral in the Navy and inserting , rear admiral in the Navy, or an equivalent grade in the Space Force . (e) Promotion zone definition Section 645(1)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking and Marine Corps, both places it appears and inserting Marine Corps, and Space Force, . (f) Retired grade (1) Regular commissioned officers Section 1370 of such title is amended in subsection (g) by striking or Marine Corps, rear admiral in the Navy, or an equivalent grade in the Space Force and inserting Marine Corps, or Space Force, or rear admiral in the Navy . (2) Officers entitled to retired pay for non-regular service Section 1370a of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (d)(1), by striking or Marine Corps both places it appears and inserting Marine Corps, or Space Force ; and (B) in subsection (h), by striking or Marine Corps and inserting Marine Corps, or Space Force . (g) Financial assistance program for specially selected members Section 2107 of such title is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking Marine Corps, as the case may be and inserting Marine Corps, or Space Force, as the case may be ; and (2) in subsection (d) by striking lieutenant, ensign, or an equivalent grade in the Space Force, and inserting lieutenant or ensign, . (h) Designation of space systems command as a field command of the united states space force Section 9016(b)(6)(B)(iv)(II) of such title is amended by striking Space and Missile Systems Center and inserting Space Systems Command . (i) Chief of space operations Section 9082 of such title is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking , flag, or equivalent each place it appears; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking grade in the Space Force equivalent to the grade of general in the Army, Air Force, and Marine Corps, or admiral in the Navy and inserting grade of general . (j) Awards and decorations (1) Distinguished flying cross Section 9279(a) of such title is amended– (A) by adding or Space Force after Air Force ; and (B) by adding or space after aerial . (2) Airman’s medal Section 9280(a)(1) of such title is amended by adding or Space Force after Air Force . (k) United states air force institute of technology Section 9414b(a)(2)(B) of such title is amended by striking or the equivalent grade in the Space Force . (l) Title of chief master sergeant of the space force (1) Retired base pay Section 1406(i)(3)(B)(v) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking The senior enlisted advisor of the Space Force and inserting Chief Master Sergeant of the Space Force . (2) Basic pay rate Footnote 2 of the table titled ENLISTED MEMBERS in section 601(c) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 ( Public Law 109–364 ; 37 U.S.C. 1009 note) is amended by striking the senior enlisted advisor of the Space Force and inserting Chief Master Sergeant of the Space Force . (3) Pay of senior enlisted members Section 210(c)(5) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking The senior enlisted advisor of the Space Force and inserting The Chief Master Sergeant of the Space Force . (4) Personal money allowance Section 414(b) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking the senior enlisted advisor of the Space Force and inserting the Chief Master Sergeant of the Space Force . (m) Section 20106(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking pertaining . (n) Section 20211(b) of such title is amended by striking 20238(a)(4)(A) and inserting 20239(c)(4)(A) . (o) Section 20212(a)(1) of such title is amended by striking Secretary of Air Force and inserting Secretary of the Air Force . (p) Section 20216(c) of such title is amended by striking 20214(g) and inserting 20215(g) . (q) Section 20231 of such title is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (4) by striking 20238(a)(4) and inserting 20239(c)(4) ; and (B) in paragraph (5) by striking 20232 and inserting section 20232 ; and (2) in subsection (c)(2)(E), by striking Secretary Air Force and inserting Secretary of the Air Force . (r) Section 20234(b) of such title is amended by striking pursuant subsection (a) and inserting pursuant to subsection (a) . (s) Section 20239 of such title is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting paragraph (1) ; and (2) in subsection (d)(2) by striking subparagraph (C)(ii) of such section and inserting section 741(d)(4)(C)(ii) . (t) Section 20243(a)(3) of such title is amended by striking as a . (u) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter IV of chapter 2005 of such title is amended by striking the second 20251 and inserting 20252 . (v) Section 20251 of such title is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking section 631 and inserting sections 631 ; (2) in subsection (a)(2) by striking section 14201 and inserting sections 14101 ; and (3) in subsection (d)(1) by striking 14502(b) and inserting “14501(b). (w) The second section 20251 of such title is redesignated as section 20252. (x) Section 20252 of such title, as redesignated by clause (x), is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ((1) and inserting (1) ; and (ii) striking sch and inserting such ; and (B) in paragraph (4), by striking recommend for promotion a officer and inserting recommend for promotion an officer ; and (2) in subsection (f)(2) by striking which of officer and inserting which an officer . (y) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter IV of chapter 2005 of such title is amended by striking 20251 the second place it appears and inserting 20251 . (z) Section 20401(b) of such title is amended by inserting , and after 1174(b) . (aa) Section 20502 of such title is amended— (1) in subsection (c), in the subsection heading, by striking than and inserting that ; and (2) in subsection (d), in the subsection heading, by striking than and inserting that . (bb) Section 1737(b)(3)(A) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 678) is amended by striking 20213 and inserting 20212 . 526. Modified authority to provide protection to senior leaders of the Department of Defense and other specified persons (a) In general Section 714 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking within the United States ; (2) in subsection (a), by striking within the United States ; and (3) in subsection (b)(1), by striking within the United States . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 41 of title 10, United States Code, is amended, in the item relating to section 714, by striking within the United States . 527. Modification of persons not qualified for enlistment definition (a) Modification of definition Section 504(b)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking that the person will use in the primary daily duties of that person as a member of the armed forces and inserting that the person will use in the duties of that person as a member of the armed forces . (b) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed as encouragement for the Department of Defense to reestablish or expand the scope of the Military Accessions Vital to National Interest (MAVNI) Recruitment Pilot Program. 528. Improving military administrative review (a) In general Section 1552(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by amending paragraph (5) to read as follows: (5) Each final decision of the board under this subsection shall be made available to the public in electronic form on a centralized Internet website. The information provided shall include a summary of each decision, to be indexed by subject matter, except that the Secretary shall protect the privacy of claimants by redacting all personally identifiable information. . (b) Effective date The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2025. 529. Combat status identifier equivalent for remotely piloted aircraft crew Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of the military departments shall establish a status identifier of equivalent merit as a combat status identifier for remotely piloted aircraft (RPA) crews who conduct combat operations. 529A. Military training and competency records (a) Competency records (1) In general The Secretaries of the military departments shall provide to each member of the Armed Forces a document that outlines the training and qualifications acquired by a member while serving in the Armed Forces. Such document shall be known as a competency record . (2) Format and contents The Secretary of Defense shall develop a standardized format for competency records, which shall include, at a minimum, the following information: (A) Relevant personal details about the member. (B) Description of training courses, certifications, and qualifications obtained. (C) Date and duration of each completed training. (D) Authorized signatures and other necessary authentication. (3) Availability Competency records shall be provided to members of the Armed Forces upon their separation or retirement from the Armed Forces. (b) Implementation Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish the necessary regulations, procedures, and timelines for the implementation of this section. (c) Report Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the implementation and usefulness of the records and any recommendations of the Secretary for improving the records. The report shall include feedback and recommendations from States and other employers regarding the usability and accuracy of the information in the competency records. 529B. Exemption of women forced to register for draft from requirements to serve in combat roles In the event that women are required to register for the Selective Service System or to be automatically registered for the Selective Service System, women may not be compelled to join combat roles that were closed to women prior to December 3, 2015, to train or become qualified in a combat arms military occupational specialty, or to join a combat arms unit. D Military justice and other legal matters 531. Consolidation of military justice reporting requirements for the military departments (a) Annual reports Section 946a(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (5) as paragraphs (3) through (6), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1), the following new paragraph: (2) Data on the number and status of completed cases, including— (A) information on race, ethnicity, rank, and sex demographic for the victim and the accused; (B) the enumerated offenses preferred and referred; (C) the types of court-martial; and (D) the results for each case, including cases that resulted in nonjudicial punishment or administrative separation. . (b) Repeal of duplicative military justice reporting requirements (1) Title 10, United States Code Section 486 of title 10, United Sates Code, is repealed. (2) John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 Section 547 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is repealed. 532. Term of office for judges of the Court of Military Commission Review (a) Establishment of term of office Section 950f(b)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively; (2) by striking The term and all that follows through paragraph (3) and inserting the following: (A) The term of an appellate military judge assigned or appointed to the Court under this subsection ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (B) The term of an appellate civilian judge of the Court shall expire on the date that is 10 years after the date on which the judge was appointed. . (b) Effective date (1) In general The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) Applicability to existing civilian judges The term of any appellate civilian judge of the United States Court of Military Commission Review who will have served as such a judge for a period of 10 or more years as of the effective date described in paragraph (1) shall expire on such effective date. 533. Aiding the enemy definition for purposes of the Uniform Code of Military Justice Section 903b(2) of title 10, United States Code (article 103b(2) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) is amended by inserting provides military education, military training, or tactical advice to, after gives intelligence to, . 534. Pre-referral requirements related to sufficiency of admissible evidence (a) General courts-martial Subsection (a)(2) of section 834 of title 10 (article 34 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) is amended by inserting whether the admissible evidence will probably be sufficient to obtain and sustain a conviction, and as to after recommendation to the convening authority as to . (b) Special courts-martial Subsection (b) of such section is amended by inserting , including whether the admissible evidence will probably be sufficient to obtain and sustain a conviction after shall consult a judge advocate on relevant legal issues . (c) Courts-martial for covered offenses Subsection (c)(1) of such section is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (D) the special trial counsel believes that the admissible evidence will be probably be sufficient to obtain and sustain a conviction; . 535. Detailing of appellate defense counsel Section 865(b) of title 10, United States Code (article 65(b) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking the Judge Advocate General shall forward the record and inserting the following: “the Judge Advocate General shall forward— (A) the record ; (B) in subparagraph (A), as designated by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (B) a copy of the record of trial to an appellate defense counsel who shall be detailed to review the case and, upon request of the accused, to represent the accused before the Court of Criminal Appeals. ; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking shall and inserting shall, upon written request of the accused ; (ii) in clause (i), by striking , upon request of the accused, ; and (iii) in clause (ii), by striking upon written request of the accused, ; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking accused and all that follows through waives and inserting accused waives ; (ii) by striking ; or and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking clause (ii). 536. Expanded command notifications to victims of domestic violence Section 549 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 806b note) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking offense and inserting and domestic violence-related offenses ; (2) in the first sentence— (A) by inserting , or a case of an alleged domestic violence-related offense (as defined by the Secretary), after of title 10, United States Code) ; and (B) by striking periodically notify the victim and inserting ensure that the victim (or the victim’s legal counsel if so requested by the victim) is periodically notified ; and (3) in the last sentence, by striking notify the victim and inserting ensure that the victim (or the victim’s legal counsel if so requested by the victim) is notified . 537. Remote appearance before a board of inquiry (a) Regular officers Section 1185 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking shall be and inserting subject to subsection (c), shall be ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: (c) The Secretary concerned may determine that, in exceptional circumstances, the appearance of an officer before the proceedings of a board of inquiry may be via a means other than in person. . (b) Reserve officers Section 14904 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking shall be and inserting subject to subsection (c), shall be ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: (c) Remote appearance The Secretary concerned may determine that, in exceptional circumstances, the appearance of an officer before the proceedings of a board of inquiry may be via a means other than in person. . 538. Extension of Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces Section 546(f)(1) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. Buck McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by striking 10 years after and inserting 15 years after . 539. Reimbursement of expenses and property damage for victims of designated offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice (a) Military crime victims reimbursement (1) In general Chapter 53 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1044f the following new section: 1044g. Military crime victims reimbursement (a) Reimbursement authorized The Secretary of Defense may authorize the secretaries of the military departments to provide, and the secretaries of the military departments may provide, payments to victims of designated offenses for prescribed unreimbursed expenses and property damage in accordance with the regulations prescribed under subsection (b). (b) Regulations The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations pursuant to which a victim of a designated offense may apply for and receive reimbursement payments under this section. Such regulations shall provide— (1) that a victim of a designated offense may apply to the secretary of a military department for a reimbursement payment; (2) that a reimbursement payment to a victim shall be for an amount determined by the Secretary of a military department that is sufficient to reimburse the victim for health care expenses, travel expenses, and expenses for property damage or loss resulting from the designated offense, subject to such limits as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe in the regulations; (3) that a reimbursement payment may not be made for any expenses for which a victim receives reimbursement from other sources, including insurance claims; (4) that the eligibility of a victim to receive payments is subject to such terms, conditions, and other requirements as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe in the regulations; and (5) procedures for determining whether a person qualifies as a victim for purposes of this section. (c) Definitions In this section: (1) The term designated offense means— (A) an offense under section 917a (article 117a), section 918 (article 118), section 919 (article 119), section 919a (article 119a), section 920 (article 120), section 920b (article 120b), section 920c (article 120c), section 922 (article 122), section 925 (article 125), section 928a (article 128a), section 928b (article 128b), or section 930 (article 130), or the standalone offense of producing child pornography punishable under section 934 (article 134) of this title; or (B) an attempt to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A) as punishable under section 880 (article 80) of this title. (2) The term victim means an individual who has been determined pursuant to the regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense under subsection (b) to have suffered pecuniary harm as a result of the commission of a designated offense for which a courts-martial has rendered a guilty verdict wherein the victim is named or identified in the specification. . (2) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 53 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1044f the following new item: 1044g. Military crime victims reimbursement. . (b) Initial regulations The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations under section 1044g(b) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) Applicability Section 1044g of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall only apply with respect to individuals who— (1) are victims of designated offenses that occur on or after the effective date of the regulations prescribed under subsection (b) of such section 1044g; and (2) apply for payment after such effective date. 540. Removal of marriage as a defense to article 120b offenses Section 920b of title 10, United States Code (article 120b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) by striking subsection (f); (2) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; and (3) in subsection (f), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking not legally married to the person committing the sexual act, lewd act, or use of force . 541. Removal of personally identifying and other information of certain persons from the Department of Defense Central Index of Investigations Section 545 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ; 10 U.S.C. 1552 note) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking investigative reports and all that follows and inserting the Department Of Defense Central Index of Investigations ; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking October 1, 2021 and inserting October 1, 2025 ; and (B) by striking removed from, the following: and all that follows through the period at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting removed from, an index item or entry in the Department of Defense Central Index of Investigations. ; (3) in subsection (b), by striking or is maintained and all that follows through the period at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting or is maintained, as an item or entry in the Department of Defense Central Index of Investigations. ; and (4) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking a report, item or entry, or record described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (a) and inserting an index item or entry in the Department of Defense Central Index of Investigations ; and (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking such report, item or entry, or record and inserting such item or entry . 542. Authority of special trial counsel with respect to certain offenses occurring before effective date of military justice reforms Subsection (d) of section 824a of title 10, United States Code (article 24a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 531(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 258), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking section 920 (article 120), and inserting section 919a (article 119a), section 920 (article 120), section 920a (article 120a), ; (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: (2) The standalone offense of sexual harassment After January 1, 2025, a special trial counsel may, at the sole and exclusive discretion of the special trial counsel, exercise authority over the following offenses: (A) The standalone offense of sexual harassment punishable under section 934 of this title (article 134) in each instance in which— (i) the offense occurs after January 26, 2022, and on or before January 1, 2025; and (ii) a formal complaint is made and substantiated in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary concerned. (B) A conspiracy to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A) as punishable under section 881 of this title (article 81). (C) A solicitation to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A) as punishable under section 882 of this title (article 82). (D) An attempt to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punishable under section 880 of this title (article 80). ; and (4) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by paragraph (2) of this section— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting or (2) after paragraph (1) ; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking paragraph (1) and inserting subsection (c)(2)(A) or paragraph (1) or (2) of this subsection . 543. Investigations of sexual assaults in the National Guard (a) Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces study on reporting and reprisal of sexual assault in the National Guard (1) In general Not later than February 28, 2026, the Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces shall conduct a study and submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report, including recommendations, on the investigation and reporting of sexual assault in the National Guard. (2) Elements The study and report required under paragraph (1) shall— (A) provide an overview of the processes by which States investigate allegations of sexual assault within the National Guard; (B) assess the extent to which, and the effectiveness with which, the Office of Complex Investigations (OCI) within the National Guard Bureau provides assistance to State National Guards in the investigation of such allegations; and (C) assess the organizational structure of the Office of Complex Investigations and its authority to investigate, describe OCI's funding, number of personnel assigned, and force mix between military, civilian, and contractor personnel, describe OCI's relationships with State authorities, and assess whether OCI should be codified in permanent law. (b) Treatment of Adjutant General for purposes of reprisal allegations The Adjutant General of a State National Guard and the Commanding General of the District of Columbia National Guard shall be treated as senior Department of Defense officials for purposes of investigations of reprisal allegations conducted by the Office of Complex Investigations. 544. Analysis on the advisability to revise Military Rule of Evidence 513 (a) Recommendations required The Joint Service Committee on Military Justice shall analyze the advisability of modifying rule 513 of the Military Rules of Evidence (as set forth in part III of the Manual for Courts-Martial) to include diagnoses of a patient and treatments prescribed to a patient as confidential communications subject to the psychotherapist-patient privilege. The Joint Service Committee on Military Justice shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that includes the considerations described in subsection (b). (b) Considerations In the analysis directed under subsection (a), the Joint Service Committee on Military Justice shall consider— (1) the advisability of modifying Military Rule of Evidence 513 to cover psychotherapy diagnoses and treatments; and (2) such other approaches to the modification of Military Rule of Evidence 513 as the Committee considers appropriate to address victim privacy rights balanced against the rights of the accused and the best interests of justice. (c) Report Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Joint Service Committee on Military Justice shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that includes— (1) the analysis conducted under subsection (a); and (2) any recommended draft legislative text that sets forth all amendments and modifications to law that may be needed to effectively implement such recommendations. E Member education, training, and transition 551. Improving effectiveness of the future servicemember preparatory course Section 546(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: (2) Graduation requirement Prior to attending initial basic training, all enlisted persons attending the course established under this section must achieve a score on the Armed Forces Qualification Test that is— (A) at least 10 points higher than the individual’s most recent score taken prior to the individual’s date of enlistment; or (B) no longer subject to the restrictions of section 520 of title 10, United States Code. ; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking course graduation requirements within 180 days of enlistment and inserting meaningful progress, as determined by the Secretary concerned, within 90 days of enlistment . 552. Determination of active duty service commitment for recipients of fellowships, grants, and scholarships Section 2603(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking three times the length of the period of the education or training. and inserting determined by the Secretary concerned. Notwithstanding sections 2004(c), 2004a(f), and 2004b(e) of this title, the service obligation required under this subsection may run concurrently with any service obligations incurred under chapter 101 of this title in accordance with regulations established by the Secretary concerned. . 553. Modernizing Marine Corps Platoon Leaders Class college tuition assistance program to account for inflation Section 16401 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by striking $5,200 and inserting $13,800 ; and (2) in subsection (e)(2), by striking 1,200 and inserting 450 . 554. Modification of authority to engage in funded and unfunded law education programs (a) Expansion of law education programs Section 2004 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting (1) after (a) ; (B) by striking doctor. No more than and inserting the following: “doctor. (2) Pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary concerned, the military departments may fund educational expenses for members of the armed forces detailed as students at law schools. No more than twenty-five officers and enlisted members from each military department may commence such training in any single fiscal year. ; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (3) Pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary concerned, the military departments may also detail members of the armed forces as students at law schools without funding any educational expenses. Members detailed as students pursuant to this paragraph shall not count against the limitation described in paragraph (2). ; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively; (ii) by inserting (A) for those members detailed pursuant to subsection (a)(1), after (1) ; (iii) in clause (ii), as redesignated by clause (i) of this subparagraph, by adding or after the semicolon; and (iv) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (B) for those members detailed pursuant to subsection (a)(2) of this section, either— (i) have served on active duty for a period of not less than two years nor more than eight years and be an officer in the pay grade O-3 or below as of the time the training is to begin; or (ii) have served on active duty for a period of not less than four years nor more than ten years and be an enlisted member in the pay grade of E-5, E-6, or E-7 as of the time the training is to begin; ; and (B) in paragraph (3)(C), by striking period of two years and inserting “period of— (i) two years for each year or part thereof of legal training provided under subsection (a)(1); or (ii) one year for each year or part thereof of legal training provided under subsection (a)(2). . (b) Clarification of pay and allowances while detailed or assigned as a student full-time at a civilian institution Section 502(b) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to deprive service members detailed or assigned as students full time by the Service or Department concerned to a civilian institution to pursue a program of education that is substantially the same as programs of education offered to civilians of pay and allowances to which otherwise entitled by law or Departmental regulations. . 555. Distance education option for professional military education Section 2154 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (c) Distance education (1) Any distance education programs for professional military education that may be offered by any of the military services to satisfy Phase I or Phase II instruction under subsection (a) shall include a pathway or pathways for students to fully complete the course of instruction while physically separated from the course instructors and without any in-person attendance required to graduate from such programs. (2) In this subsection, the term distance education has the meaning given the term in section 103(7) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1003(7) ). . 556. Extension of Troops-to-Teachers program extension; prohibition on travel until reinstated (a) Extension Section 1154 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(3)(C)— (A) in clause (i), by striking 5,000 and inserting 3,000 ; and (B) by striking clause (iii) and redesignating clause (iv) as clause (iii); and (2) in subsection (k), by striking 2027 and inserting 2029 . (b) Limitation on Office of the Secretary of Defense travel spending until reinstatement Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide, and available for the Office of the Secretary of Defense for travel expenses, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Secretary notifies the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives that the Department of Defense is in compliance with subsection (b) of section 1154 of title 10, United States Code. 557. Inclusion of Space Force professional military education programs in definitions of senior and intermediate level service schools and as covered programs for copyright purposes (a) Joint professional military education Section 2151(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by adding at the end of paragraph (1) the following new subparagraph: (E) the Space Force Senior Level Education Program. ; and (2) by adding at the end of paragraph (2) the following new subparagraph: (E) the Space Force Intermediate Level Education Program. . (b) Budget requests for professional military education Section 2162(d) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: (9) The Space Force Senior Level Education Program. (10) The Space Force Intermediate Level Education Program. . (c) Copyright status of certain works produced by civilian faculty of Space Force education programs (1) Inclusion of Space Force education programs in coverage of civilian faculty of Department of Defense educational institutions Section 105 (d) (2) of title 17, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking institution and inserting Department of Defense institution or program ; (B) by striking subparagraph (L) and both subparagraphs (M); (C) by redesignating subparagraph (K) as subparagraph (M); and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (J) the following new subparagraphs: (K) Space Force Senior Level Education program. (L) Space Force Intermediate Level Education Program. . (2) Conforming and clarifying amendments Subsection (c) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking covered institution described in subparagraphs (A) through (L) of subsection (d)(2) and inserting covered Department of Defense institution or program ; (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (4); (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraphs: (2) Secretary of Homeland Security authority With respect to a covered author who produces a covered work in the course of employment at the United States Coast Guard Academy, the Secretary of Homeland Security may direct the covered author to provide the Federal Government with an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, nonexclusive license to reproduce, distribute, perform, or display such covered work for purposes of the United States Government. (3) Secretary of Transportation authority With respect to a covered author who produces a covered work in the course of employment at the United States Merchant Marine Academy, the Secretary of Transportation may direct the covered author to provide the Federal Government with an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, nonexclusive license to reproduce, distribute, perform, or display such covered work for purposes of the United States Government. ; and (D) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by subparagraph (B), by striking the covered institution described in subsection (d)(2)(M) and inserting the National Intelligence University . (3) Repeal of unused definition Subsection (d) of such section is further amended— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (3). 558. Opt-out sharing of information on members retiring or separating from the Armed Forces with community-based organizations and related entities Section 570F of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 1142 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking out the form to indicate an email address and inserting the following: “out the form to indicate— (1) an email address; and ; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) if the individual would like to opt-out of the transmittal of the individual’s information to and through a State veterans agency as described in subsection (a). ; and (2) by amending subsection (d) to read as follows: (d) Opt-Out of information sharing Information on an individual shall be transmitted to and through a State veterans agency as described in subsection (a) unless the individual indicates pursuant to subsection (c)(2) that the individual would like to opt out of such transmittal. . 559. Required constitutional law training (a) In general Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that all newly commissioned officers of the Armed Forces receive training on the Constitution of the United States prior to reporting to their first operational assignment. (b) Elements The training required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) education on the centrality of the Constitution to the commitment officers make to serve in the Armed Forces; (2) emphasis on the loyalty of officers to the Constitution; and (3) instruction on the importance of, and basis for, civilian control over the military. 560. Information on nominations and applications for military service academies Section 575 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ; 10 U.S.C. 7442 note) is amended by striking Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act and inserting Not later than December 31, 2026 . 561. Improvements to financial literacy training (a) In general Subsection (a) of section 992 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking grade E–4 and inserting grade E–6 ; (B) by striking subparagraph (D); and (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) through (K) as subparagraphs (D) through (J), respectively; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (5) In carrying out the program to provide training under this subsection, the Secretary concerned shall— (A) use a curriculum across all military departments for such training that— (i) focuses on ensuring that members of the armed forces who receive such training develop proficiency in financial literacy; (ii) is based on best practices of the Financial Literacy Education Commission established under section 513 of the Financial Literacy and Education Improvement Act ( 20 U.S.C. 9702 ); and (iii) is designed to address the needs of members and their families; (B) ensure that such training— (i) is conducted by a financial services counselor who is qualified as described in paragraph (3) of subsection (b) or by other means as described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) of that subsection; (ii) is provided, to the extent practicable and in a manner that does not harm mission readiness— (I) in a class held in person with fewer than 100 attendees; or (II) one-on-one between the member and a financial services counselor or a qualified representative described in subsection (b)(2)(A); and (iii) is provided using computer-based methods only if methods described in clause (ii) are impractical, unaffordable, or unavailable; and (C) ensure that— (i) an in-person class described in subparagraph (B)(i)(I) is available to the spouse of a member; and (ii) if a spouse of a member is unable to attend such a class in person— (I) training is available to the spouse through an online program managed by the Department of Defense; and (II) the member is informed during the in-person training of the member under subparagraph (B)(i) with respect to how the member's spouse can access the training. . (b) Provision of retirement information Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection (d): (d) Provision of retirement information In each training under subsection (a) and in each meeting to provide counseling under subsection (b), a member of the armed forces shall be provided with— (1) all forms relating to retirement that are relevant to the member, including with respect to the Thrift Savings Plan; (2) information with respect to how to find additional information; and (3) contact information for counselors provided through the Personal Financial Counselor program, the Personal Financial Management program, or online programs managed by the Department of Defense. . (c) Report on effectiveness of financial services counseling (1) In general Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on financial literacy training and financial services counseling provided under section 992 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by this section, that assesses— (A) the effectiveness of such training and counseling,; and (B) whether additional training or counseling is necessary for enlisted members of the Armed Forces or for officers. (2) Follow-on report Not later than 6 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the efforts of the Department of Defense to address any concerns raised in the report required by paragraph (1). F Military family readiness and dependents’ education I Dependents’ Education 571. Advisory committees for Department of Defense domestic dependents schools Section 2164(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (d) School advisory committees (1) The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Director of the Department of Defense Education Activity, shall provide for the establishment of an advisory committee for each Department of Defense elementary or secondary school established at a military installation under this section. (2) An advisory committee established under paragraph (1) for a school at a military installation— (A) shall advise the principal or superintendent of the school with respect to the operation of the school; (B) may make recommendations with respect to curriculum and budget matters; and (C) except in the case of an advisory committee for a school on a military installation described in paragraph (4), shall advise the commander of the military installation with respect to problems concerning the education of dependents within the jurisdiction of the commander. (3) (A) The membership of each advisory committee established for a school described in paragraph (1)— (i) shall include an equal number of parents of students enrolled in the school and of employees working at the school; and (ii) when appropriate, may include a student enrolled in the school. (B) In addition to the members described in subparagraph (A), the membership of each advisory committee shall include one nonvoting member designated by the organization recognized as the exclusive bargaining representative of the employees working at the school. (4) In the case of a military installation where there is more than one school in the Department of Defense elementary and secondary school system, the Secretary, acting through the Director, shall provide for the establishment of an advisory committee for the military installation to advise the commander of the military installation with respect to the education of dependents. (5) (A) Except in the case of a nonvoting member designated under paragraph (3)(B), members of an advisory committee established under this subsection shall be elected by individuals of voting age residing in the area to be served by the advisory committee. (B) The Secretary, acting through the Director, shall by regulation prescribe the qualifications for election to an advisory committee established under this subsection and procedures for conducting elections of members to such an advisory committee. (6) Members of an advisory committee established under this subsection shall serve without pay. . 572. Expansion of eligibility for virtual programs operated by Department of Defense Education Activity Section 2164(l) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ; and and inserting ; or ; and (B) by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following new subparagraph (B): (B) is a home-schooled student. ; and (2) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following new paragraph (2): (2) In this subsection, the term home-schooled student means a student in a grade equivalent to kindergarten or any of grades 1 through 12 who receives educational instruction at home or by other nontraditional means outside of a public or private school system, either all or most of the time. . 573. Authorization for school meal programs at Department of Defense dependents schools (a) Department of Defense domestic dependents schools Section 2164 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (m) Meal programs (1) The Secretary of Defense may administer a meal program, consistent with Federal law and standards prescribed by the Secretary of Agriculture for that meal program, for students enrolled in a school established under this section. (2) In this subsection, the term meal program means a program established under the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 ( 42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq. ) or the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq. ). . (b) Department of defense overseas dependents schools Section 1402 of the Defense Dependents’ Education Act of 1978 ( 20 U.S.C. 921 ) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (e) Meal programs The Secretary of Defense may operate a meal program to provide breakfasts or lunches to students attending a school of the defense dependents’ education system. . 574. Staffing of Department of Defense Education Activity schools to maintain maximum student-to-teacher ratios (a) In general Chapter 108 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2164a the following new section: 2164b. Staffing of Department of Defense Education Activity schools to maintain maximum student-to-teacher ratios (a) In general The Department of Defense Education Activity shall staff elementary and secondary schools operated by the Activity so as to maintain, to the extent practicable, student-to-teacher ratios that do not exceed the maximum student-to-teacher ratios specified in subsection (b). (b) Maximum student-to-teacher ratios The maximum student-to-teacher ratios specified in this subsection are the following: (1) For each of grades kindergarten through 3, a ratio of 18 students to 1 teacher (18:1). (2) For each of grades 4 through 12, a ratio equal to the average student-to-teacher ratio for such grade among all Department of Defense Education Activity schools during the 2019–2020 academic year. (c) Variances (1) In general The Department of Defense Education Activity may grant a temporary variance to the ratios specified in subsection (b) to a school operated by the Activity. (2) Effective date and duration of variances A variance granted under paragraph (1)— (A) shall be effective for a period of not more than one year; and (B) may not take effect until the first day of the first academic year that begins on or after the date that is 30 days after the Department of Defense Education Activity notifies the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the variance. (3) Contents of notification A notification submitted under paragraph (2)(B) with respect to a variance granted under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) the name, location, and grade levels for each school covered by the variance; and (B) the student-to-teacher ratios temporarily authorized under the variance. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2164a the following new item: 2164b. Staffing of Department of Defense Education Activity schools to maintain maximum student-to-teacher ratios. . (c) Conforming repeal Section 589B of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ; 134 Stat. 3659) is repealed. 575. Enrollment in defense dependents' education system of children of foreign military members assigned to United Nations Command Section 1404A of the Defense Dependents' Education Act of 1978 ( 20 U.S.C. 923a ) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) by striking a foreign military member and all that follows through Supreme and inserting the following: “foreign military members assigned to— (A) the Supreme ; (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or ; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (B) the United Nations Command, but only in a school of the defense dependents’ education system in South Korea or Japan. ; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking assigned and all that follows through Europe ; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking in Mons and all that follows through subsection (a) and inserting described in paragraph (2) of subsection (a) to determine the number of children described in that paragraph ; and (ii) in the second sentence, by striking the commander and all that follows through Belgium and inserting the commanders of the geographic combatant commands with jurisdiction over the locations described in paragraph (2) of subsection (a) ; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking in Mons, Belgium, . 576. Certain assistance to local educational agencies that benefit dependents of military and civilian personnel (a) Continuation of authority to assist local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees (1) Assistance to schools with significant numbers of military dependent students Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2025 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $50,000,000 shall be available only for the purpose of providing assistance to local educational agencies under subsection (a) of section 572 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 ( Public Law 109–163 ; 20 U.S.C. 7703b ). (2) Local educational agency defined In this subsection, the term local educational agency has the meaning given that term in section 7013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7713(9) ). (b) Impact aid for children with severe disabilities (1) In general Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2025 pursuant to section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $10,000,000 shall be available for payments under section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398 ; 114 Stat. 1654A–77; 20 U.S.C. 7703a ). (2) Additional amount Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2025 pursuant to section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $20,000,000 shall be available for use by the Secretary of Defense to make payments to local educational agencies determined by the Secretary to have higher concentrations of military children with severe disabilities. (3) Report Not later than March 31, 2025, the Secretary shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the Department’s evaluation of each local educational agency with higher concentrations of military children with severe disabilities and subsequent determination of the amounts of impact aid each such agency shall receive. 577. Eligibility of certain dependents for enrollment in domestic dependent elementary and secondary schools (a) In general Chapter 108 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2164b, as added by section 574, the following new section: 2164c. Eligibility of certain dependents for enrollment in domestic dependent elementary and secondary schools (a) Program authorized Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out a program under which a dependent of a full-time, active-duty member of the armed forces may enroll in a covered DODEA school at the military installation to which the member is assigned, on a space-available basis as described in subsection (b), without regard to whether the member resides on the installation as described in section 2164(a)(1) of this title. (b) Enrollment on space-available basis A student participating in the program under subsection (a) may be enrolled in a covered DODEA school only if the school has the capacity to accept the student, as determined by the Director of the Department of Defense Education Activity. (c) Locations The Secretary shall select military installations for participation in the program under subsection (a) based on— (1) the readiness needs of the Secretary of the military department concerned; and (2) the capacity of the covered DODEA schools located at the installation to accept additional students, as determined by the Director. (d) Briefings required (1) In general Not later than April 1, 2025, and annually thereafter for four years, the Secretary shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives on the program under subsection (a). (2) Elements Each briefing required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An identification of the military installations participating in the program under subsection (a). (B) The number of students enrolled in covered DODEA schools under the program. (e) Notifications of participating installations Not later than 90 days before officially announcing the participation of a new military installation in the program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives with respect to the participation of the installation. (f) Covered DODEA school defined In this section, the term covered DODEA school means a domestic dependent elementary or secondary school operated by the Department of Defense Education Activity that— (1) was established on or before the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025; and (2) is located in the continental United States. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2164b, as added by section 574, the following new item: 2164c. Eligibility of certain dependents for enrollment in domestic dependent elementary and secondary schools. . (c) Conforming repeal Section 589C of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ; 10 U.S.C. 2164 note) is repealed. II Other Matters 578. Redesign and modernization of child development program compensation and staffing models (a) In general The Secretary of Defense, in collaboration with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall lead the redesign of the Department of Defense child development program compensation model and the modernization of the child development program staffing model. (b) Redesign of compensation model The Secretary, in collaboration with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall— (1) redesign child development program staff compensation for positions as non-entry level, mid-to-senior level classroom staff by modernizing the duties and responsibilities captured in existing descriptions for those positions to more accurately reflect current performance and expectations for the positions; (2) adjust compensation for higher-level program management positions by modernizing the duties and responsibilities captured in existing descriptions for those positions to more accurately reflect current performance and expectations for those positions; (3) direct the Department’s personnel office to make necessary adjustments to modernize the pay plan for positions described in paragraphs (1) and (2) to accommodate any compensation increases driven by the updated descriptions for those positions required by paragraphs (1) and (2); and (4) begin implementation of the revised descriptions for those positions and accompanying compensation adjustments not later than April 1, 2025, subject to the availability of appropriations. (c) Modernization of staffing model The Secretary, in collaboration with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall lead the modernization of the child development program staffing model by— (1) adding key positions to facilitate classroom operations and provide direct support to child development program staff; (2) adding key positions to coordinate support for children with special needs and to provide direct support to the child development program staff working with those children; and (3) developing and implementing a five-year plan to phase in modernization of the model that ensures responsible funding execution, successful implementation allowing for adjustments as necessary, and long-term sustainable impact. (d) Briefings required (1) Initial baseline briefing (A) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in collaboration with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives an initial baseline briefing that describes progress, accomplishments, and the impact of the redesign of the Department of Defense child development program compensation model and the modernization of the child development program staffing model. (B) Establishment of data baseline The briefing required by subparagraph (A) shall be used to establish a data baseline. (2) Annual briefings (A) In general Not later than one year after providing the briefing required by paragraph (1), and annually thereafter for four years, the Secretary, in collaboration with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the progress made with respect to the redesign of the Department of Defense child development program compensation model and the modernization of the child development program staffing model. (B) Elements Each briefing required by subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i) The percentage of child development program staff that are also military spouses. (ii) The turnover or retention rate of child development program staff. (iii) The utilization rate of child development program child care spaces. (iv) The number of child development program employees who were hired during the year preceding the briefing. (v) The percentage of such employees who resigned within their first six months of employment. (vi) Information on the ability to staff newly constructed facilities. (vii) An assessment of the impact of adding key positions to the child development program staffing model under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (c). 579. Support for expanding early child care options for members of the Armed Forces and their families (a) In general The Secretary of Defense may— (1) direct the Secretaries of the military departments to— (A) use resources of the Department of Defense to support eligible child care providers in recruitment and retention of employees, including through professional development and financial incentives for such employees; and (B) seek to enter into an interagency partnership with a Federal agency with the ability to place national service participants and volunteers trained in education services, and in compliance with Department of Defense child development center hiring requirements, including senior volunteer programs, at military child development centers in accordance with applicable national service laws and with all the benefits accorded to such participants and volunteers; and (2) provide training and resource subsidies to eligible child care providers and networks of such providers. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) Eligible child care provider The term eligible child care provider has the meaning given that term in section 658P of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 ( 42 U.S.C. 9858n ). (2) Military child development center The term military child development center has the meaning given that term in section 1800 of title 10, United States Code. 579A. Inclusive Playground Pilot Program (a) Strategy required (1) In general Not later than March 28, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a strategy for the implementation of a military families playground pilot program, to be known as the Inclusive Playground Pilot Program , to design, develop, and construct playgrounds that directly support families enrolled in the Exceptional Family Member Program to increase the accessibility and inclusivity of access to playgrounds on military installations. (2) Elements The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A suggested governance structure for the Inclusive Playground Pilot Program, including— (i) the suggested officials tasked with oversight; (ii) with respect to a governing body for the program— (I) an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of the establishment of a governing body; and (II) a description of the potential format of a governing body; and (III) a description of the functions and duties of a governing body with respect to establishing and maintaining the Inclusive Playground Pilot Program; and (iii) mechanisms for coordinating with the military departments. (B) A list of military installations with high populations of families enrolled in the Exceptional Family Member Program, where inclusive playgrounds would be of high utility, for potential participation in the Inclusive Playground Pilot Program. (C) A description of objectives for the first 3 fiscal years of the Inclusive Playground Pilot Program, including— (i) a description of, and a rational for selecting, those objectives; (ii) an identification of milestones toward achieving those objectives; and (iii) metrics for evaluating success in achieving those objectives. (D) A description of opportunities and potential timelines for future expansion of the Inclusive Playground Program, as appropriate. (E) A list of additional authorities, appropriations, or other support from Congress necessary to ensure the success of the Inclusive Playground Pilot Program. (F) Any other information the Secretary considers appropriate. (b) Establishment (1) In general Not earlier than January 1, 2026, the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness (in this section referred to as the Under Secretary ) shall establish the Inclusive Playground Pilot Program described in subsection (a)(1). (2) Governing body Upon establishment of the Inclusive Playground Pilot Program under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall form a governing body to oversee and administrate the program. (3) Objective The objective of the Inclusive Playground Program shall be to create a more accessible and inclusive environment for military families, especially families enrolled in the Exceptional Family Member Program, by designing, developing, and constructing inclusive playgrounds that— (A) welcome children and families to develop physically, cognitively, socially, and emotionally; (B) are accessible and ensure all children, including children with visible and non-visible disabilities (as defined in section 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( 42 U.S.C. 12102 )), have recreational activities available; and (C) balance a play experience that is beneficial to all children, including children with visible and non-visible disabilities, at all stages of development and at all levels of sensory engagement. (4) Administration In carrying out the Inclusive Playground Pilot Program, the Under Secretary shall— (A) select not fewer than 6 military installations located within the States and territories of the United States that have the largest communities of families that are enrolled in the Exceptional Family Member Program; (B) design, develop, and construct at least one inclusive playground at each military installation selected under subparagraph (A); and (C) establish policies, procedures, and standards for developing and constructing inclusive playgrounds under the Inclusive Playground Pilot Program. (5) Upgrading existing playgrounds The Under Secretary may carry out the requirement under paragraph (4)(B) to construct an inclusive playground at each military installation selected under paragraph (4)(A) by upgrading an existing playground at the installation to meet the requirements of the Inclusive Playground Pilot Program. G Junior Officers’ Training Corps 581. Number of enrolled students requirement for Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps unit participation Section 2031(b)(1)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking or (ii) 100, whichever is less and inserting or (ii) 50, whichever is less . 582. Waiver authority for Junior Reserve Officer's training Corps minimum participation requirement Section 2031(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (3) The Secretary of each military department shall issue a five-year waiver for the commencement or continuation of any Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps that does not meet the minimum participant requirement under paragraph (1)(A), provided that the program— (A) meets all criteria detailed in subparagraphs (B) through (E) of paragraph (1); (B) meets or exceeds tangible, merit-based factors for training of Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps students; and (C) fosters diversity, competition, and scholastic achievement. . 583. JROTC waiting list Section 2031(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) maintain a prioritized waiting list that includes all secondary educational institutions that have made a request for a unit under this section and have not yet been approved by the Secretary concerned, and prescribe regulations describing the factors to be considered in assigning priority, including the length of time an institution has been waiting for a unit. 584. Number of Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps units (a) In general Section 2031 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the first subsection designated subsection (i), by striking support not fewer than 3,400, and not more than 4,000, units and inserting support not fewer than 3,500, and not more than 4,100, units ; and (2) by redesignating the second subsection designated subsection (i) as subsection (j). (b) Effective date The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2026. 585. Extension of JROTC programs to the Job Corps Section 2031 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting , including Job Corps centers as defined in section 147 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act ( 29 U.S.C. 3197 ), after secondary educational institutions ; and (2) in subsection (b)(1)(C), by inserting , or is a Job Corps center as defined in section 147 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act ( 29 U.S.C. 3197 ) after military department concerned . H Decorations and other awards, miscellaneous reports, and other matters 591. Authority to award or present a decoration following a congressionally requested review (a) In general Section 1130 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting and award or presentation after for review ; (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (e); and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the following: (d) (1) A decoration may be awarded or presented following submission of a favorable recommendation for the award or presentation under subsection (b). (2) An award or presentation under paragraph (1) may not occur before the expiration of a 60-day period for congressional review beginning on the date of submission of the favorable recommendation under subsection (b) regarding the award or presentation. (3) The authority to make an award or presentation under this subsection shall apply notwithstanding any limitation described in subsection (a). . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for chapter 57 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 1130 and inserting the following: 1130. Consideration of proposals for decorations not previously submitted in timely fashion: procedures for review and award or presentation. . 592. Posthumous advancement of General John D. Lavelle, United States Air Force, on the retired list (a) Advancement General John D. Lavelle, United States Air Force (retired), is entitled to hold the rank of lieutenant general while on the retired list of the Air Force. (b) Additional benefits not to accrue The advancement of General John D. Lavelle on the retired list of the Air Force under subsection (a) shall not affect the retired pay or other benefits from the United States to which General John D. Lavelle would have been entitled based upon his military service or affect any benefits to which any other person may become entitled based on his military service. (c) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorizing the advancement of General John D. Lavelle to a rank higher than lieutenant general. 593. Authorization for posthumous award of the Distinguished Service Cross to William D. Owens for acts of valor at La Fiere Bridge (a) Waiver of time limitations Notwithstanding the time limitations specified in section 7274 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of the Army may award the Distinguished Service Cross under section 7272 of such title to William D. Owens for the acts of valor at La Fiere Bridge described in subsection (b). (b) Acts of valor described The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the actions of William D. Owens from June 6, 1944, to June 8, 1944, at La Fiere Bridge for which he was previously awarded the Bronze Star Medal. I Enhanced recruiting efforts 595. Improved access to high school and college students for recruiting (a) Recruiting campaigns; access to secondary schools Section 503(c)(1)(A)(i) of chapter 31 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (i) shall provide, upon request by military recruiters from a military service— (I) access to secondary school students that is similar to the access provided generally to postsecondary educational institutions or to prospective employers of those students; and (II) facilitate not less than one in-person recruitment event per academic year; . (b) Denial of funds for preventing military recruiting on campus Section 983(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (3) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking No funds and inserting (1) No funds ; (4) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by inserting (or in the case of clause (iii) previously enrolled) after enrolled ; (B) in clause (i), as so redesignated, by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (C) in clause (ii), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (D) by adding at the end the following new clause: (iii) names, addresses, electronic mail addresses (which shall be the electronic mail addresses provided by the institution, if available), and telephone listings of students whose dates of attendance stopped in the prior academic year. ; and (5) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) An institution of higher education (including any subelement of such institution) may not release the information described in paragraph (1)(B) with respect to a student without the prior written consent of the student to release such information for the purposes of military recruitment. . (c) Conforming amendment Section 8528 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7908 ) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: (a) Policy Each local educational agency receiving assistance under this Act shall comply with section 503(c) of title 10, United States Code. ; and (2) by striking subsection (c). (d) Regulations The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations to carry out the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) this section. 596. National Commission on Quality of Life for the All-Volunteer Armed Force (a) Establishment (1) In general There is established an independent commission in the legislative branch to be known as the Commission on Quality of Life for the All-Volunteer Armed Force (in this section referred to as the Commission ). (2) Duties of Commission The Commission shall carry out the following duties: (A) Establish a framework for making an objective, metrics-informed assessment of quality of life for members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees across the Department of Defense. Such framework shall include factors related to compensation, morale, military families, military and civilian spouse employment, benefits, occupational health and safety, living conditions, and any other factors that the Commission deems appropriate. (B) Using the framework established in subparagraph (A), make an initial assessment of quality of life for members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees across the Department of Defense, including separate analyses for members of the Armed Forces and civilians at the junior, mid-grade, and senior levels, as well as any other relevant subpopulations that the Commission deems appropriate. (C) As appropriate, make specific, measurable, actionable, realistic, and time-bound policy recommendations to improve quality of life for members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees across the Department of Defense. Such recommendations shall include considerations of the following factors: (i) Current military personnel requirements of the Department of Defense, with particular attention to critical skills specialties for which existing personnel policies are inadequate to recruit and retain members of the Armed Forces to meet such current requirements. (ii) Current civilian personnel requirements of the Department of Defense, with particular attention to critical skills specialties for which existing personnel policies are inadequate to recruit and retain civilians to meet such requirements. (iii) Best practices in military recruiting, retention, talent management, and career management for both the active and reserve components, including Department of Defense and service-specific policies related to military assignments, promotion, evaluation, and professional development. (iv) Budget requirements, including foreseeable risks and benefits of trade-offs between personnel investments and investments in readiness, acquisitions, and research and development in the Department of Defense. (D) Examine the ways in which the Department of Defense communicates its employee value proposition both to current members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees and also to prospective recruits and employees of the Department of Defense, and make recommendations for improvement. (E) Assess and make recommendations for the Department of Defense to communicate the value and benefits of military and civilian service to the American public. (F) Submit a comprehensive report, including all of the Commission’s analysis, findings, recommendations, and any legislative or regulatory proposals necessary to implement the Commission’s recommendations. (3) Powers of Commission (A) Hearings The Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out its duties under this section. (B) Information from Federal agencies The Commission may secure directly from any Federal department or agency such information as the Commission considers necessary to carry out its duties under this section. Upon request of the co-chairs of the Commission, the head of such department or agency shall furnish such information to the Commission. (C) Use of Postal Service The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other departments and agencies of the Federal Government. (D) Authority to accept gifts (i) In general The Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of services, goods, and property from non-Federal entities for the purposes of aiding and facilitating the work of the Commission. The authority under this paragraph does not extend to gifts of money. (ii) Documentation; conflicts of interest The Commission shall document gifts accepted under the authority provided by clause (i) and shall avoid conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest. (iii) Compliance with congressional ethics rules Except as specifically provided in this section, a member of the Commission shall comply with rules set forth by the Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate and the Committee on Ethics of the House of Representatives governing employees of the Senate and the House of Representatives, respectively. (4) Report required Not later than December 31, 2025, the Commission shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives an unclassified report, with classified annexes if necessary, that includes the initial findings and any preliminary recommendations of the Commission as a result of the studies required under this section, with a final report, recommendations, and any legislative proposals as the Commission considers appropriate in light of the results of the studies to be submitted at a time agreed subsequent to the submission if the initial report. (b) Membership (1) Composition The Commission shall be composed of 8 members, of whom— (A) one shall be appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate; (B) one shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate; (C) one shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; (D) one shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives; (E) one shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (F) one shall be appointed by the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (G) one shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and (H) one shall be appointed by the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (2) Co-Chairs There shall be two Co-Chairs of the Commission. The Republican leadership of the Senate and House of Representatives shall jointly select one Co-Chair, and the Democratic leadership of the Senate and House of Representatives shall jointly select the other. (3) Appointment date; notifications (A) Appointment Members shall be appointed to the commission under paragraph (1) by not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (B) Notification Individuals making appointments under paragraph shall provide notice of the appointments to the Secretary of Defense (in this section referred to as the Secretary ). (4) Qualifications and expertise (A) In general In making appointments under this subsection, consideration shall be given to individuals with expertise in— (i) labor economics; (ii) human resources and talent management (iii) military personnel law and policy; (iv) sales, advertising, and marketing; (v) military strategy and force structure; (vi) civil service laws and policies; (vii) demography; (viii) education and training; and (ix) American military history. (B) Restriction on appointment Officers or employees of the Federal Government (other than experts or consultants the services of which are procured under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code) may not be appointed as members of the Commission. (C) Restriction on members of Congress Members of Congress may not serve on the Commission. (5) Period of appointment; vacancies; removal of members (A) Appointment duration Members shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. (B) Vacancies Any vacancy in the Commission shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (C) Removal of members A member may be removed from the Commission for cause by the individual serving in the position responsible for the original appointment of such member under paragraph (1), provided that notice has first been provided to such member of the cause for removal and voted and agreed upon by three quarters of the members serving. A vacancy created by the removal of a member under this subsection shall not affect the powers of the Commission, and shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment was made. (D) Quorum A majority of the members serving on the Commission shall constitute a quorum. (E) Initial meeting Not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of the Commission have been appointed as published in the Congressional Record, the Commission shall hold its initial meeting. (c) Personnel matters (1) Status as Federal employees Notwithstanding the requirements of section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, including the required supervision under subsection (a)(3) of such section, members of the Commission shall be deemed to be Federal employees in the legislative branch subject to all the laws and policies applicable to legislative branch employees. (2) Oath of office Notwithstanding the provision of section 2903(b) of title 5, United States Code, an employee of an executive branch agency, otherwise authorized to administer oaths under section 2903 of title 5, United States Code, may administer the oath of office to Commissioners for the purpose of their service to the Commission. (3) Security clearances The appropriate Federal departments or agencies shall cooperate with the Commission in expeditiously providing to the Commission members and staff appropriate security clearances to the extent possible pursuant to existing procedures and requirements, except that no person may be provided with access to classified information under this Act without the appropriate security clearances. (4) Pay for members Each member of the Commission may be compensated at a rate not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which such member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Commission. (5) Staff (A) Executive director The Co-Chairs of the Commission may appoint and fix the rate of basic pay for an Executive Director in accordance with section 3161 of title 5, United States Code. (B) Commission staff The Executive Director may appoint and fix the rate of basic pay for additional personnel as staff of the Commission in accordance with section 3161 of title 5, United States Code. (C) Detailees authorized On a reimbursable or non-reimbursable basis, the heads of departments and agencies of the Federal Government may provide, and the Commission may accept, personnel detailed from such departments and agencies, including active duty military personnel. (D) Travel expenses The members and staff of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commission. (d) Support (1) Assistance from Department of Defense (A) In general Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for support of the Commission, the Secretary may make transfers to the Commission for commission expenses, including compensation of commission members, officers, and employees, and provision of other such services, funds, facilities, and other support services as necessary for the performance of the Commission's functions. Funds made available to support and provide assistance to the Commission may be used for payment of compensation of members, officers, and employees of the Commission without transfer under this subparagraph. Amounts transferred under this subparagraph shall remain available until expended. Transfer authority provided by this subparagraph is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. Section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, shall not apply to a transfer of funds under this subparagraph. (B) Treasury account authorized The Secretary of the Treasury may establish an account or accounts for the Commission from which any amounts transferred under this clause may be used for activities of the Commission. (2) Liaison The Secretary shall designate at least one officer or employee of the Department of Defense to serve as a liaison officer between the Department and the Commission. (3) Additional support To the extent that funds are available for such purpose, or on a reimbursable basis, the Secretary may, at the request of the Co-Chairs of the Commission— (A) enter into contracts for the acquisition of administrative supplies and equipment for use by the Commission; and (B) make available the services of a federally funded research and development center or an independent, nongovernmental organization, described under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. (4) Preliminary administrative support authorized Upon the appointment of the Co-Chairs under subsection (b), the Secretary may provide administrative support authorized under this section necessary to facilitate the standing up of the Commission. (e) Termination of Commission The Commission shall terminate 90 days after the submission of the report required under subsection (a)(4). 597. Military Entrance Processing Command processing pilot (a) In general The Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness shall develop and implement a pilot program to require joint reserve component support for the United States Military Entrance Processing Command (MEPCOM) to accelerate medical record reviews. As part of the program, the Under Secretary may require doctors and nurses from each service to support MEPCOM in reviewing medical records. (b) Briefing Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on actions taken to implement the program established under subsection (a). (c) Termination The pilot program shall terminate two years after the date of the establishment of the program. (d) Report Not later than 60 days before the pilot program ends, the Under Secretary shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees that includes an explanation of any impact the pilot program has had on recruitment, including the speed of medical waiver processing and a recommendation for whether to establish the pilot as a permanent program. 597A. Military accessions standards review (a) Review Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a review of military accession standards and any ongoing plans to modify those standards. The review shall include— (1) an explanation of medical standard modifications made to date through the Medical Accession Records Pilot (MARP) and the number of recruits allowed in as a result of the pilot program; (2) recommendations and plans to make permanent modifications to standards made under the MARP program; (3) a plan to expand the MARP program to examine additional medical accession standards that can be modified to accelerate the medical waiver process without lowering standards for entry into the Armed Forces; (4) an assessment of whether any disqualifying conditions outlined in DoD Instruction 6130.03 should be modified based on a recruit’s intended military occupational specialty and likelihood of deployment into combat; and (5) an assessment the advisability of updating DoD Instruction 6130.03 to include service-specific medical standards. (b) Notification of termination requirement The Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees at least one year before terminating the MARP program. J Automatic Selective Service System registration 598. References Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference in this subtitle to a section or other provision shall be deemed to be a reference to the Military Selective Service Act ( 50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq. ). 598A. Selective Service System automatic registration (a) Automatic Registration Section 3 ( 50 U.S.C. 3802 ) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: (a) Except as otherwise provided in this Act, every citizen of the United States, and every other person residing in the United States, between the ages of eighteen and twenty-six shall be automatically registered by the Selective Service System. The provisions of this section shall not be applicable to any alien lawfully admitted to the United States as a nonimmigrant under section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1105(a)(15) ), for so long as they continue to maintain a lawful nonimmigrant status in the United States. ; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: (b) The Selective Service System shall register individuals described in subsection (a) within thirty days of the individual reaching age eighteen or within thirty days of learning that a person is required to be registered, whichever occurs last. ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsections: (c) When requested by the Selective Service System, a person subject to registration under subsection (a) shall provide such identifying information (including date of birth, address, social security account number, phone number, and email address) necessary to ensure timely registration and maintain the accuracy of the registrant database. Identifying information shall include the registrant’s full name, date of birth, address, and social security number. A person may provide this information to the Selective Service System on their own accord. (d) Those registered by the Selective Service System shall be notified that they have been registered and if the registrant is not required to be registered under this Act, there shall be processes and procedures for the person to be removed from the registrant database. . 598B. Elimination of Selective Service System registration incentives (a) Title 5, United States Code (1) In general Subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking section 3328. (2) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by striking the item relating to section 3328. (b) Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act Section 189 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act ( 29 U.S.C. 3249 ) is amended by striking subsection (h). (c) Military Selective Service Act Section 12 of the Military Selective Service Act ( 50 U.S.C. 3811 ) is amended by striking subsections (f) and (g) 598C. Technical and conforming amendments The Military Selective Service Act is amended— (1) in section 4 ( 50 U.S.C. 3803 )— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking required to register each place it appears and inserting registered ; (ii) by striking at the time fixed for his registration, ; (iii) by striking who is required to register and inserting registered ; (iv) by striking his acceptability in all respects, including his and inserting such person’s acceptability in all respects, including such person’s ; (v) by striking he may prescribe and inserting the President may prescribe ; and (vi) by striking his each place it appears and inserting their ; (B) in subsection (c), by striking in which he resides both places it appears and inserting in which such person resides ; (C) in subsection (e), by striking enlisted men and inserting enlisted persons ; (D) in subsection (g), by striking coordinate with him and inserting coordinate with the Director ; and (E) in subsection (k)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking finding by him and inserting finding by the President ; and (ii) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking liable for registration and inserting registered ; (2) in section 5 ( 50 U.S.C. 3805 )— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking on account of race or color and inserting on any basis set forth in section 703(a) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e–2(a) ) ; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking men each place it appears and inserting persons ; (3) in section 6 ( 50 U.S.C. 3806 )— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking enlisted men and inserting enlisted persons ; (II) by striking required to be ; (III) by striking subject to registration and inserting registered ; (IV) by striking him and inserting them ; and (V) by striking liable for registration and training and inserting registered and liable for training ; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking required to be each place it appears; (B) in subsection (c)(2)(D), by striking he may prescribe and inserting the President may prescribe ; (C) in subsection (d)(3), by striking he may deem appropriate and inserting the President considers appropriate ; and (D) in subsection (h)— (i) by striking he may prescribe and inserting the President may prescribe ; (ii) by striking such rules and regulations as he and inserting such rules and regulations as the President ; (iii) by striking (other than wives alone, except in cases of extreme hardship) ; (iv) by striking be physically, mentally, or morally deficient or defective and inserting have significant physical, mental, or moral impairments ; (v) by striking persons dependent upon him and inserting persons dependent upon them ; and (vi) by striking wives and children and inserting spouses and children ; (4) in section 10 ( 50 U.S.C. 3809 )— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking he may deem each place it appears and inserting the President considers ; (ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking registration, ; (II) by striking He shall create and inserting The President shall create ; (III) by striking upon his own motion and inserting upon the President’s own motion ; (IV) by striking excepted from registration or ; and (V) by striking his status and inserting such individual’s status ; and (iii) in paragraph (4), by striking his status and inserting such individual’s status ; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking vested in him and inserting vested in the President ; (5) in section 12 ( 50 U.S.C. 3811 )— (A) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking , neglecting, or refusing the duty of registering imposed by and inserting registration under ; and (ii) by striking , or within five years next after the last day before such person does perform his duty to register, whichever shall first occur ; and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking President may require the Secretary of Health and Human Services and all that follows through the following information and inserting Commissioner of Social Security Administration shall furnish to the Director, on a reimbursable basis from records available to the Commissioner, as provided by any other law in effect on the date of enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025, the following information ; (ii) by striking by a proclamation of the President and inserting to be registered ; (iii) by striking to present themselves for and submit to registration under this section ; and (iv) by striking furnished to the Director by the Secretary and inserting furnished to the Director by the Commissioner ; (6) in section 13 ( 50 U.S.C. 3812(b) ), by striking given an opportunity to submit his and inserting given an opportunity to submit their ; (7) in section 15 ( 50 U.S.C. 3813 )— (A) in subsection (a), by striking upon publication by the President of a proclamation or other public notice fixing a time for any registration under section 3 and inserting upon promulgation of regulations ; (B) in subsection (b), by striking his each place it appears and inserting the registrant’s ; and (C) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking he has and inserting they have ; and (ii) by striking he may deem and inserting the President considers ; (8) in section 16 ( 50 U.S.C. 3814 )— (A) in subsection (a) by striking men and inserting persons ; and (B) in subsection (g)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking who as his regular and customary vocation and inserting who, as such person’s regular and customary vocation, ; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking one who as his customary vocation and inserting a person who, as such person’s customary vocation ; and (II) by striking he is a member and inserting such person is a member ; (9) in section 18(a) ( 50 U.S.C. 3816(a) ), by striking he is authorized and inserting the President is authorized ; (10) in section 21 ( 50 U.S.C. 3819 )— (A) by striking he is sooner and inserting sooner ; (B) by striking he each place it appears and inserting such member ; and (C) by striking his consent and inserting such member’s consent ; (11) in section 22(b) ( 50 U.S.C. 3820(b) ), by striking his each place it appears and inserting the registrant’s ; and (12) except as otherwise provided in this section— (A) by striking he each place it appears and inserting such person ; (B) by striking his each place it appears and inserting such person’s ; and (C) by striking him each place it appears and inserting such person . 598D. Effective date The amendments made by this subtitle shall take effect two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. K Other matters 599. Evaluation of military recruits and officer candidates for drug use (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that all prospective recruits and officer candidates undergo testing for controlled substances prior to enlistment or appointment as an officer in the Armed Forces. (b) Controlled substance defined In this section, the term controlled substance means a substance described in section 912a(b) of title 10, United States Code. 599A. Promoting military, national, and public service (a) Selective Service System data sharing amendments Section 15(e) of the Military Selective Service Act ( 50 U.S.C. 3813(e) ) is amended— (1) by striking the names and addresses and inserting the full names, email addresses (if available), dates of birth, phone numbers (if available), and mailing addresses ; and (2) by striking Names and addresses furnished and inserting Full names, email addresses, dates of birth, phone numbers, and mailing addresses furnished . (b) Effective date The amendments made by this section shall take effect 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 599B. Course to educate interested individuals about opportunities to contribute to national security (a) Findings Congress finds that— (1) many United States citizens or lawful permanent residents of the United States with a propensity to serve the United States are not medically qualified to serve in the United States Armed Forces, but have great potential to contribute to the overall security of the nation, especially throughout the civil service and in the defense industrial base; (2) in 2024, the defense industrial base is experiencing a shortfall of qualified workers, resulting in delayed production of critical platforms that support the security of the United States; and (3) individuals who volunteer to serve in the military, but are ultimately medically disqualified from enlistment, are likely to possess many of the attributes that will lead to successful careers in other aspects of national service. (b) Course required (1) In general Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, in collaboration with the Secretaries concerned (as defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code), shall begin offering the course described in paragraph (2) to individuals who volunteer to enlist or commission in the Armed Forces but who are ultimately disqualified by a Military Entrance Processing Station. (2) Course described The course described in this paragraph is a course designed by the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness to educate individuals described in paragraph (1) about other opportunities to contribute to national security, including— (A) workforce development opportunities that lead to employment within the defense industrial base; (B) education opportunities that result in civil service jobs in the Department of Defense; and (C) other programs that connect individuals with a propensity to serve with opportunities to contribute to national security, as determined by the Under Secretary. VI Compensation and Other Personnel Benefits A Pay and Allowances 601. Reform of basic pay rates (a) In general Effective January 1, 2025, and subject to subsection (b), the rates of monthly basic pay for members of the uniformed services within each pay grade (and with years of service as computed under section 205 of title 37, United States Code) are as follows: Commissioned Officers Pay Grade 2 or Less Over 2 Over 3 Over 4 Over 6 O–8 $12,803.70 $13,223.70 $13,501.80 $13,579.20 $13,926.90 O–7 10,638.90 11,133.00 11,361.90 11,544.00 11,872.80 O–6 8,067.90 8,863.20 9,444.90 9,444.90 9,481.20 O–5 6,725.70 7,576.50 8,100.90 8,199.60 8,527.20 O–4 5,803.20 6,717.30 7,166.40 7,265.40 7,681.50 O–3 5,102.10 5,783.70 6,241.80 6,806.10 7,132.80 O–2 4,408.50 5,020.80 5,782.80 5,978.10 6,100.80 O–1 3,826.20 3,982.80 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 Over 8 Over 10 Over 12 Over 14 Over 16 O–8 $14,506.50 $14,641.80 $15,192.60 $15,351.30 $15,825.90 O–7 12,198.30 12,574.20 12,948.90 13,325.40 14,506.50 O–6 9,887.40 9,941.40 9,941.40 10,506.30 11,505.00 O–5 8,722.50 9,153.00 9,469.80 9,878.10 10,501.80 O–4 8,127.90 8,684.10 9,116.10 9,416.70 9,589.50 O–3 7,490.70 7,721.70 8,102.10 8,301.00 8,301.00 O–2 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 O–1 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 Over 18 Over 20 Over 22 Over 24 Over 26 O–10 $0.00 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 18,491.70 $18,491.70 O–9 0.00 18,096.00 18,357.30 18,491.70 18,491.70 O–8 16,512.90 17,145.60 17,568.60 17,568.60 17,568.60 O–7 15,504.30 15,504.30 15,504.30 15,504.30 15,584.10 O–6 12,091.20 12,677.10 13,010.70 13,348.50 14,002.80 O–5 10,799.10 11,093.10 11,426.70 11,426.70 11,426.70 O–4 9,689.10 9,689.10 9,689.10 9,689.10 9,689.10 O–3 8,301.00 8,301.00 8,301.00 8,301.00 8,301.00 O–2 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 O–1 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 Over 28 Over 30 Over 32 Over 34 Over 36 O–10 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 O–9 18,491.70 18,491.70 18,491.70 18,491.70 18,491.70 O–8 17,568.60 18,008.40 18,008.40 18,458.10 18,458.10 O–7 15,584.10 15,895.80 15,895.80 15,895.80 15,895.80 O–6 14,002.80 14,282.40 14,282.40 14,282.40 14,282.40 O–5 11,426.70 11,426.70 11,426.70 11,426.70 11,426.70 O–4 9,689.10 9,689.10 9,689.10 9,689.10, 9,689.10 O–3 8,301.00 8,301.00 8,301.00 8,301.00 8,301.00 O–2 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 6,100.80 O–1 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 4,814.70 Over 38 Over 40 O–10 $18,491.70 $18,491.70 O–9 18,491.70 18,491.70 O–8 18,458.10 18,458.10 O–7 15,895.80 15,895.80 O–6 14,282.40 14,282.40 O–5 11,426.70 11,426.70 O–4 9,689.10 9,689.10 O–3 8,301.00 8,301.00 O–2 6,100.80 6,100.80 O–1 4,814.70 4,814.70 Commissioned Officers With Over 4 Years of Active Duty Service as an Enlisted Member or Warrant Officer Pay Grade 2 or Less Over 2 Over 3 Over 4 Over 6 O–3E $0.00 $0.00 $0.00 $6,806.10 $7,132.80 O–2E 0.00 0.00 0.00 5,978.10 6,100.80 O–1E 0.00 0.00 0.00 4,814.70 5,141.10 Over 8 Over 10 Over 12 Over 14 Over 16 O–3E $7,490.70 $7,721.70 $8,102.10 $8,423.40 $8,607.90 O–2E 6,294.90 6,622.80 6,876.60 7,065.00 7,065.00 O–1E 5,331.30 5,525.70 5,716.50 5,978.10 5,978.10 Over 18 Over 20 Over 22 Over 24 Over 26 O–3E $8,859.00 $8,859.00 $8,859.00 $8,859.00 $8,859.00 O–2E 7,065.00 7,065.00 7,065.00 7,065.00 7,065.00 O–1E 5,978.10 5,978.10 5,978.10 5,978.10 5,978.10 Over 28 Over 30 Over 32 Over 34 Over 36 O–3E $8,859.00 $8,859.00 $8,859.00 $8,859.00 $8,859.00 O–2E 7,065.00 7,065.00 7,065.00 7,065.00 7,065.00 O–1E 5,978.10 5,978.10 5,978.10 5,978.10 5,978.10 Over 38 Over 40 O–3E $8,859.00 $8,859.00 O–2E 7,065.00 7,065.00 O–1E 5,978.10 5,978.10 Warrant Officers Pay Grade 2 or Less Over 2 Over 3 Over 4 Over 6 W–4 $5,273.10 $5,671.50 $5,834.40 $5,994.60 $6,270.60 W–3 4,815.60 5,015.70 5,222.10 5,289.00 5,504.40 W–2 4,260.90 4,663.80 4,787.70 4,873.20 5,149.20 W–1 3,739.80 4,143.00 4,250.70 4,479.60 4,749.90 Over 8 Over 10 Over 12 Over 14 Over 16 W–3 5,928.90 6,370.80 6,579.00 6,819.90 7,067.40 W–2 5,578.50 5,791.80 6,001.20 6,257.40 6,457.80 W–1 5,148.30 5,334.30 5,595.30 5,850.90 6,052.20 Over 18 Over 20 Over 22 Over 24 Over 26 W–5 $0.00 $9,375.60 $9,851.10 $10,205.70 $10,597.20 W–4 8,231.10 8,508.30 8,914.50 9,248.70 9,629.70 W–3 7,513.80 7,814.70 7,994.70 8,186.10 8,447.10 W–2 6,639.00 6,856.20 6,998.70 7,111.80 7,111.80 W–1 6,237.60 6,462.90 6,462.90 6,462.90 6,462.90 Over 28 Over 30 Over 32 Over 34 Over 36 W–5 $10,597.20 $11,128.20 $11,128.20 $11,683.50 $11,683.50 W–4 9,629.70 9,821.70 9,821.70 9,821.70 9,821.70 W–3 8,447.10 8,447.10 8,447.10 8,447.10 8,447.10 W–2 7,111.80 7,111.80 7,111.80 7,111.80 7,111.80 W–1 6,462.90 6,462.90 6,462.90 6,462.90 6,462.90 Over 38 Over 40 W–5 $12,269.10 $12,269.10 W–4 9,821.70 9,821.70 W–3 8,447.10 8,447.10 W–2 7,111.80 7,111.80 W–1 6,462.90 6,462.90 Enlisted Members Pay Grade 2 or Less Over 2 Over 3 Over 4 Over 6 E–7 $3,624.90 $3,956.40 $4,108.20 $4,308.30 $4,465.50 E–6 3,135.60 3,450.60 3,603.00 3,750.90 3,904.80 E–5 2,872.20 3,065.70 3,214.20 3,365.70 3,601.80 E–4 2,633.70 2,768.40 2,918.40 3,066.30 3,197.40 E–3 2,401.20 2,552.10 2,706.90 2,706.90 2,706.90 E–2 2,283.60 2,283.60 2,283.60 2,283.60 2,283.60 E–1 2,037.30 2,037.30 2,037.30 2,037.30 2,037.30 Over 8 Over 10 Over 12 Over 14 Over 16 E–9 $0.00 $6,370.50 $6,514.80 $6,696.60 $6,910.50 E–8 5,214.90 5,445.60 5,588.40 5,759.40 5,944.50 E–7 4,734.60 4,886.40 5,155.20 5,379.30 5,532.30 E–6 4,252.50 4,387.80 4,649.70 4,729.80 4,788.00 E–5 3,848.70 4,052.10 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 E–4 3,197.40 3,197.40 3,197.40 3,197.40 3,197.40 E–3 2,706.90 2,706.90 2,706.90 2,706.90 2,706.90 E–2 2,283.60 2,283.60 2,283.60 2,283.60 2,283.60 E–1 2,037.30 2,037.30 2,037.30 2,037.30 2,037.30 Over 18 Over 20 Over 22 Over 24 Over 26 E–9 $7,127.10 $7,472.10 $7,765.20 $8,072.70 $8,544.00 E–8 6,279.30 6,449.10 6,737.40 6,897.30 7,291.20 E–7 5,694.90 5,757.90 5,969.70 6,083.10 6,515.70 E–6 4,856.40 4,856.40 4,856.40 4,856.40 4,856.40 E–5 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 E–4 3,197.40 3,197.40 3,197.40 3,197.40 3,197.40 E–3 2,706.90 2,706.90 2,706.90 2,706.90 2,706.90 E–2 2,283.60 2,283.60 2,283.60 2,283.60 2,283.60 E–1 2,037.30 2,037.30 2,037.30 2,037.30 2,037.30 Over 28 Over 30 Over 32 Over 34 Over 36 E–9 $8,544.00 $8,970.30 $8,970.30 $9,419.40 $9,419.40 E–8 7,291.20 7,437.30 7,437.30 7,437.30 7,437.30 E–7 6,515.70 6,515.70 6,515.70 6,515.70 6,515.70 E–6 4,856.40 4,856.40 4,856.40 4,856.40 4,856.40 E–5 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 4,076.40 E–4 3,197.40 3,197.40 3,197.40 3,197.40 3,197.40 E–3 2,706.90 2,706.90 2,706.90 2,706.90 2,706.90 E–2 2,283.60 2,283.60 2,283.60 2,283.60 2,283.60 E–1 2,037.30 2,037.30 2,037.30 2,037.30 2,037.30 Over 38 Over 40 E–9 $9,891.30 $9,891.30 E–8 7,437.30 7,437.30 E–7 6,515.70 6,515.70 E–6 4,856.40 4,856.40 E–5 4,076.40 4,076.40 E–4 3,197.40 3,197.40 E–3 2,706.90 2,706.90 E–2 2,283.60 2,283.60 E–1 2,037.30 2,037.30 (b) Additional pay increase The increase in monthly basic pay authorized by section 1009 of title 37, United States Code, is in addition to the changes to the rates of monthly basic pay provided for under subsection (a). 602. Authority to pay higher rates of partial basic allowance for housing for unaccompanied housing Section 2882(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking A member and inserting (1) A member ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) (A) The Secretary of Defense may prescribe and, under section 403(o) of title 37, pay for members of the armed forces without dependents in military unaccompanied housing acquired or constructed under this subchapter higher rates of partial basic allowance for housing than the rates authorized under paragraph (2) of such section. (B) The Secretary may not prescribe and pay a rate of partial basic allowance for housing under this paragraph that exceeds the rate of the basic allowance for housing prescribed under section 403 of title 37 for the military housing area concerned. . 603. Authority to pay basic allowance for housing to junior enlisted members on sea duty Section 403(f)(2) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D), and inserting subparagraphs (B) and (C), ; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking pay grade E–4 or E–5 and inserting a pay grade below E–6 ; and (B) in the second sentence, by striking for members serving in pay grades E–4 and E–5 ; and (3) by striking subparagraph (D). 604. Extension of travel allowance for members of the Armed Forces assigned to Alaska Section 603(b) of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2620) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking paragraph (5) and inserting paragraph (4) ; and (2) by striking paragraphs (4) and (5) and inserting the following: (4) Period specified The period specified in this paragraph is the period— (A) beginning on December 1, 2024; and (B) ending on December 31, 2025. . B Bonus and Incentive Pays 611. One-year extension of certain expiring bonus and special pay authorities (a) Authorities relating to reserve forces Section 910(g) of title 37, United States Code, relating to income replacement payments for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobilization for active duty service, is amended by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2025 . (b) Title 10 authorities relating to health care professionals The following sections of title 10, United States Code, are amended by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2025 : (1) Section 2130a(a)(1), relating to nurse officer candidate accession program. (2) Section 16302(d), relating to repayment of education loans for certain health professionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. (c) Authorities relating to nuclear officers Section 333(i) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2025 . (d) Authorities relating to title 37 consolidated special pay, incentive pay, and bonus authorities The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2025 : (1) Section 331(h), relating to general bonus authority for enlisted members. (2) Section 332(g), relating to general bonus authority for officers. (3) Section 334(i), relating to special aviation incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers. (4) Section 335(k), relating to special bonus and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. (5) Section 336(g), relating to contracting bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. (6) Section 351(h), relating to hazardous duty pay. (7) Section 352(g), relating to assignment pay or special duty pay. (8) Section 353(i), relating to skill incentive pay or proficiency bonus. (9) Section 355(h), relating to retention incentives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. (e) Authority to provide temporary increase in rates of basic allowance for housing Section 403(b) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (7)(E), relating to an area covered by a major disaster declaration or containing an installation experiencing an influx of military personnel, by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2025 ; and (2) in paragraph (8)(C), relating to an area where actual housing costs differ from current rates by more than 20 percent, by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2025 . 612. Increase in maximum skill proficiency bonus amount Section 353(c)(2) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking $12,000 and inserting $55,000 . 613. Increase in accession bonus for health professions scholarship and financial assistance program Section 2128(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking $20,000 and inserting $100,000 . 614. Extension of authority to pay one-time uniform allowance for officers who transfer to the Space Force Subsection (d)(1) of section 606 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ; 37 U.S.C. 416 note) is amended by striking ending on September 30, 2025 and inserting ending on the last day of the transition period as defined in section 1731 of the Space Force Personnel Management Act (title XVII of Public Law 118–31 ; 10 U.S.C. 20001 note) . C Other Matters 621. Calculation of retired pay for certain officers who served in grade O–9 or O–10 and retired in grade O–8 Section 1407(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) Special rule for officers who served in grade O–9 or O–10 and retired in grade O–8 In the case of an officer who served in the temporary grade of O–9 or O–10 and received a conditional or final retirement in the permanent grade of O–8 pursuant to section 1370 or 1370a of this title, the retired pay base or retainer pay shall be the lower of— (A) the amount determined under subsection (c) or (d), as applicable; or (B) the amount determined under section 1406 of this title, as if the officer first became a member of a uniformed service before September 8, 1980. . 622. Extension of time for minor survivors to file death gratuity claims (a) In general Section 1480 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (e) In the case of a claim for a death gratuity under this chapter by an individual who is younger than 21 years of age on the date of the death with respect to which the claim is made, the individual shall file the claim with the Secretary of Defense not later than the later of— (1) the date that is three years after the individual reaches 21 years of age; or (2) the date that is six years after the date of the death with respect to which the claim is made. . (b) Applicability The amendment made by subsection (a) applies to claims filed with respect to deaths occurring on or after on January 1, 2025. 623. Access to high-speed internet and wireless network connections for certain members of the Armed Forces (a) In general Subchapter II of chapter 134 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2264 the following new section: 2265. Access to high-speed internet and wireless network connections for certain members of the armed forces The Secretary of a military department may provide, without charge, high-speed internet access and wireless network connections to members of the armed forces who reside in military unaccompanied housing (as defined in section 2871 of this title) within the United States. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 134 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2264 the following new item: 2265. Access to high-speed internet and wireless network connections for certain members of the armed forces. . 624. Extension of exclusion of certain employees from Government lodging program Section 914(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. Buck McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ; 5 U.S.C. 5911 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking 2023 and inserting 2029 ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (3) Briefings required (A) In general Not later than February 1, 2025, and annually thereafter through February 1, 2030, the Secretary shall brief the congressional defense committees on the exclusion under paragraph (1) from the requirements of a Government lodging program carried out under subsection (a). (B) Elements Each briefing required by subparagraph (A) shall include, for the year preceding the briefing, the following: (i) A description of the instances in which the exclusion under paragraph (1) was used. (ii) A description of the lodging used under that exclusion. (iii) A statement of the difference in cost between lodging used under that exclusion and lodging provided under a Government lodging program carried out under subsection (a) in each location where lodging under the exclusion was used. (iv) Such other matters as the Secretary considers relevant. . 625. Restrictions on retired and reserve members of the Armed Forces receiving employment and compensation indirectly from foreign governments through private entities Section 908 of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; (B) by striking Subject to and inserting the following: (1) In general Subject to ; (C) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated, by striking Commissioned Reserve Corps and inserting Ready Reserve Corps ; and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) Application to private entities (A) In general The Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Air Force shall apply the provisions of this section to the acceptance by a person described in subparagraph (B) under the jurisdiction of such Secretary of employment (and compensation related to that employment) or payments or awards indirectly from a foreign government through a private entity to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions apply to employment (and compensation related to that employment) and payments and awards described in paragraph (1). (B) Persons described A person described in this subparagraph— (i) is— (I) a retired member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Space Force; or (II) a member of a reserve component of an armed force specified in subclause (I), except such a member serving on active duty under a call or order to active duty for a period in excess of 30 days; and (ii) does not include a retired member or member of a reserve component of the Coast Guard. . 626. Retroactive effective date of promotions of senior officers of Armed Forces that were delayed as a result of suspension of Senate confirmation (a) Sense of Congress Congress holds the men and women who defend the United States in the highest esteem. (b) Retroactive effective date of promotions (1) In general In the case of an individual confirmed, during the period beginning on December 5, 2023, and ending on December 31, 2023, to a grade or rank in the Armed Forces associated with pay grade O–7 or higher and whose confirmation was delayed as a result of the suspension of the provision of advice and consent by the Senate to appointments to such grades and ranks that began in February 2023— (A) the Secretary of Defense may provide the individual, retroactive to the date described in paragraph (2)— (i) pay and allowances at the rates or in the amounts payable for the pay grade associated with the appointment of the individual; and (ii) the benefits to which an individual in the grade or rank associated with the appointment is entitled; and (B) the date described in paragraph (2) may be the date used for determining the seniority of the individual in the grade or rank associated with the appointment. (2) Date described The date described in this paragraph is, with respect to an individual described in paragraph (1), the date that is the later of— (A) the date that is 30 days after the date on which the nomination of the individual was placed on the Executive Calendar of the Senate; or (B) the date on which the individual would have been appointed but for the suspension of the provision of advice and consent described in paragraph (1), as determined by the Secretary concerned (as defined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code). (c) Administrative provisions (1) Availability of appropriations The policies and provisions outlined in this section shall be subject to the availability of appropriations provided in advance and for the specific purpose of making payments under subsection (b)(1)(A). Such payments shall be made on a first-come, first-served basis, and the total amount of payments made may not exceed the total amount of appropriations provided in advance and for the specific purpose of making payments under subsection(b)(1)(A). (2) Consideration of adverse information In making a payment under subsection (b)(1)(A), the Secretary shall consider whether adverse information was provided to the Congress on an individual officer. 627. Fertility and adoption demonstration program (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall establish a fertility and adoption demonstration program (in this section referred to as the demonstration program ) to assess the feasibility and advisability of providing cash reimbursement and covered pharmacy benefits to eligible active-duty members of the Armed Forces and their dependents to reduce the out-of-pocket costs associated with services described in subsection (b). (b) Covered services (1) In general Under the demonstration program, the Secretary may provide payments for— (A) services related to fertility treatments, in-vitro fertilization, adoption, and foster care; and (B) except as provided by paragraph (2), such other services related to building families as the Secretary determines appropriate. (2) Prohibited services Under the demonstration program, the Secretary may not provide payments related to— (A) an abortion for which the Department of Defense may not use funds under section 1093 of title 10, United States Code; or (B) human cloning, artificial womb technology, or international surrogacy. (c) Pharmaceutical coverage The Secretary may establish pharmaceutical benefit coverages associated with the fertility and adoption services described in subsection (b) under the military healthcare pharmacy benefit. The costs of such pharmaceutical benefits shall not be included in the calculation of maximum payment under subsection (e). (d) Eligibility To be eligible for a payment under the demonstration program for services described in subsection (b) provided to a member of the Armed Forces or a dependent of such member, the member is required— (1) to be serving on active duty; (2) to have accrued not less than 4 years of service on active duty (as defined in section 101(d)(1) of title 10, United States Code) as of the date of the eligibility determination; and (3) to agree in writing to continue to serve active duty for a period of not less than 4 years after the member has been approved for participation in the demonstration program described in subsection (a). (e) Limitations on payments (1) Maximum payment per member An eligible participant may receive not more than $25,000 in payments under the demonstration program. (2) Maximum annual expenditure The Secretary may provide not more than $25,000,000 in the aggregate in any year to members of the Armed Forces under the demonstration program. (f) Embryo preservation The Secretary shall ensure that any embryo created pursuant to the use of fertility treatment under subsection (b)(1) that is not transferred into the womb of a member of the Armed Forces or a spouse of such a member (as applicable) is— (1) cryopreserved and stored in perpetuity; or (2) if such member or spouse so elects, released for the purpose of embryo adoption to another individual who intends to bear and retain custody of the child. (g) Guidance Not later than October 1, 2026, the Secretary shall issue guidance to carry out the demonstration program. (h) Reporting requirement Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter under the termination date under subsection (g), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the implementation, cost, and effect on recruiting, retention, and morale for members of the Armed Forces and their dependents. (i) Termination date The authority provided by this section shall terminate on September 30, 2030. 628. Selling certain consumer routers and modems on military installations The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that consumer routers, modems, and devices that combine a modem and router, sold in any commissary or exchange store are appropriately labeled to inform consumers whether or not they are designed, developed, manufactured, or supplied by persons owned by, controlled by, or subject to the influence of a covered nation (as defined in section 4872(d) of title 10, United States Code). 629. Prohibition on sale of garlic from the People's Republic of China at commissary stores Section 2484 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (l) Prohibition on sale of garlic from People's Republic of China The Secretary of Defense shall prohibit the sale at any commissary store of any of the following originating from or processed in the People’s Republic of China: (1) Fresh or chilled garlic classified under subheading 0703.20.00 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (in this subsection referred to as the HTS ). (2) Frozen garlic classified under statistical reporting number 0710.80.9755 of the HTS. (3) Dried or dehydrated garlic classified under subheading 0712.90.40 of the HTS. (4) Garlic, prepared or preserved otherwise than by vinegar or acetic acid, classified under subheading 2004.90.85 or 2005.99.97 of the HTS. (5) Essential oil of garlic classified under statistical reporting number 3301.29.5115 of the HTS. . VII Health Care A TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits 701. Health care licensure portability for TRICARE network providers providing mental health services to members of the Armed Forces and certain family members (a) In general Section 1094(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking paragraph (2) or (3) and inserting paragraph (2), (3), or (4) ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) To the extent provided in regulations prescribed by the Secretary for the purpose of assuring the availability of high-quality mental health care services to members of the armed forces and dependents entitled to health care under section 1076 of this title, a health care professional referred to in paragraph (1) as being described in this paragraph is a mental health provider providing care through a network under the TRICARE program who— (A) has a current license to practice as a mental health care professional; (B) is providing tele-mental health care services to members of the armed forces or such dependents; and (C) is providing such services under terms and conditions specified by the Secretary (which shall establish the scope of authorized Federal duties for purposes of paragraph (1)). . (b) Regulations Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue an interim final regulation to implement the amendments made by subsection (a). 702. Reduction or waiver of cost-sharing amounts under TRICARE pharmacy benefits program for certain dependents enrolled in TRICARE Prime Remote program Section 1074g(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (D) Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), the Secretary may selectively waive or reduce cost-sharing amounts under this subsection for a dependent of a member of the uniformed services described in section 1074(c)(3)(B) of this title if the dependent is enrolled in the TRICARE Prime Remote program and accompanies the member to the duty assignment of the member at the expense of the Federal Government. . 703. Implementation of authority to provide travel and transportation allowances for specialty care under exceptional circumstances Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations to implement the authority of the Secretary under section 1074i(b) of title 10, United States Code. 704. Expansion of eligibility for hearing aids to include children of retired members of the uniformed services enrolled in family coverage under TRICARE Select Section 1077(a)(16)(B)(ii) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting or TRICARE Select before the period at the end. 705. Fertility treatment for certain members of the uniformed services and dependents (a) Fertility treatment (1) In general Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1074o the following new section: 1074p. Fertility treatment for certain active duty members of the uniformed services and their dependents (a) In general The use of fertility treatment (including in vitro fertilization) by a member of the uniformed services on active duty (or a dependent of such a member) shall be covered under TRICARE Prime or TRICARE Select without regard to the sex, sex characteristics, gender identity, sexual orientation, diagnosis, or marital status of such member or dependent. (b) Fertility treatment defined In this section, the term fertility treatment includes the following: (1) In vitro fertilization or other treatments or procedures in which human oocytes, embryos, or sperm are handled when clinically appropriate. (2) Sperm retrieval. (3) Egg retrieval. (4) Preservation of human oocytes, embryos, or sperm for later reproductive use. (5) Artificial insemination, including intravaginal insemination, intracervical insemination, and intrauterine insemination. (6) Transfer of reproductive genetic material. (7) Medications as prescribed or necessary for fertility. (8) Fertility treatment coordination. (9) Such other information, referrals, treatments, procedures, testing, medications, laboratory services, technologies, and services facilitating reproduction as determined appropriate by the Secretary of Defense. . (2) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1074o the following new item: 1074p. Fertility treatment for certain active duty members of the uniformed services and their dependents. . (b) Exclusion from contracts for former members and their dependents Section 1086 of such title is amended— (1) in subsection (c), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking subsection (d) and inserting subsections (d) and (j) ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: (j) A plan contracted for under subsection (a) may not include coverage for services under section 1074p of this title for former members of the uniformed services or dependents of former members of the uniformed services. . (c) Program on fertility treatment coordination (1) In general Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 1110c. Program on fertility treatment coordination (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall establish a program on the coordination of fertility treatment by the Secretary for purposes of ensuring patients receive timely fertility treatment. (b) Training and support In carrying out the program established under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall provide to community health care providers training and support with respect to the unique needs of members of the uniformed services and their dependents. . (2) Fertility treatment coordination plan Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a plan that addresses how the Department of Defense will coordinate with the Department of Veterans Affairs on ensuring the continuum of care, sharing of best practices, and making referrals, as appropriate, with respect to the furnishing of fertility treatment to patients eligible for the receipt of such treatment from the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. (3) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 1110c. Program on fertility treatment coordination. . (d) Regulations (1) In general Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall promulgate regulations or subregulatory guidance regarding the implementation of the amendments made by this section. (2) Elements The regulations or subregulatory guidance promulgated under paragraph (1) shall take into account the following: (A) Eligibility requirements for receiving the services described in section 1074p of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1). (B) Insurance coverage and reimbursement for such services. (C) Privacy for individuals seeking such services. (D) Consent for handling, testing, storing, shipping, and disposing of the reproductive genetic material of an individual receiving such services, including for situations in which the individual has permanently lost the ability to provide consent. (E) Travel and leave of individuals receiving such services, if required to access such services. (F) Such other requirements as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. (e) Application The amendments made by this section shall apply to services provided on or after October 1, 2026. (f) Rule of construction Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to provide new benefits to or alter existing benefits for former members of the uniformed services or the dependents of former members of the uniformed services. 706. Access to specialty behavioral health care under TRICARE Prime (a) Monitoring of access standards The Secretary of Defense shall continuously monitor the access standards for specialty behavioral health care established pursuant to section 704(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 1073 note). (b) Expansion of behavioral health accreditation standards (1) In general If the Secretary determines that behavioral health access in a State does not meet or exceed the access standards described in subsection (a) for more than 12 consecutive months, the Secretary shall expand required behavioral health accreditation standards in that State. (2) State credentials Expanded standards under paragraph (1) in a State shall include appropriate credentials issued by State-level organizations. 707. Assessment on options for inclusion of assisted reproductive technology as services covered under the TRICARE program for members of the Armed Forces and dependents (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an assessment on options for establishing under the TRICARE program an entitlement for members of the Armed Forces and their dependents, for in vitro fertilization, and associated services. (b) Factors to consider The assessment required by this section shall include consideration of the following: (1) The extent to which such assisted reproductive technology services are safe and effective. (2) The extent to which such services are covered by other public health programs and by private health insurance carriers and the prevailing circumstances applicable to such coverage. (3) The estimated costs of including such services under the TRICARE program. (4) The expected benefits to active duty military recruiting and retention of such entitlement to care. (5) Alternative options for Congress to consider to expand access to in vitro fertilization and associated services for members of the Armed Forces and their dependents; and (6) Such other matters as the Secretary determines appropriate. (c) Report Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives the results of the assessment required by this section. 708. Restriction on performance of sex change surgeries (a) In general Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1093 the following new section: 1093a. Performance of sex change surgeries: restrictions (a) Restriction on use of funds Funds available to the Department of Defense may not be used to perform or facilitate sex change surgeries. (b) Restriction on use of facilities No medical treatment facility or other facility of the Department of Defense may be used to perform or facilitate a sex change surgery. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1093 the following new item: 1093a. Performance of sex change surgeries: restrictions. . 709. Prohibition of coverage under TRICARE program of certain medical procedures for children that could result in sterilization Section 1079(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (20) Affirming hormone therapy, puberty blockers, and other medical interventions for the treatment of gender dysphoria that could result in sterilization may not be provided to a child under the age of 18. . B Brain Health Matters 711. Modifications to Brain Health Initiative of Department of Defense Section 735 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: (B) The identification and dissemination of thresholds for blast exposure and overpressure safety and associated emerging scientific evidence that— (i) cover brain injury and impulse noise; (ii) measure impact over 24-hour, 72-hour to 96-hour, monthly, annual, and lifetime periods; (iii) are designed to prevent cognitive deficits after firing; (iv) account for the firing of multiple types of heavy weaponry and use of grenades in one period of time; (v) include minimum safe distances and levels of exposure for observers and instructors; and (vi) address shoulder-fired heavy weapons. ; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: (H) The establishment of a standardized treatment program based on interventions that have shown benefit to individuals with brain health issues after a brain injury and the provision of that treatment program to individuals with brain health issues after a brain injury resulting from a potential brain exposure described in subparagraph (A) or high-risk training or occupational activities described in subparagraph (D). (I) The establishment of policies to encourage members of the Armed Forces to seek support for brain health when needed, prevent retaliation against such members who seek care, and address other barriers to seeking help for brain health due to the impact of blast exposure, blast overpressure, or traumatic brain injury. (J) The modification of existing weapons systems to reduce blast exposure of the individual using the weapon and those within the minimum safe distance. ; (2) by striking subsections (c), (e), and (f); (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (e); (4) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsections: (c) Thresholds for blast exposure and overpressure safety (1) Deadline (A) In general Not later than January 1, 2027, the Secretary of Defense shall identify and disseminate the thresholds for blast exposure and overpressure safety required under subsection (b)(1)(B). (B) Update Not less frequently than once every five years following the identification and dissemination under subparagraph (A) of the thresholds for blast exposure and overpressure safety required under subsection (b)(1)(B), the Secretary of Defense shall update those thresholds. (2) Formal training requirement The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that training on the thresholds for blast exposure and overpressure safety is provided to members of the Armed Forces before training, deployment, or entering other high-risk environments where exposure to blast overpressure is likely. (3) Central repository Not later than January 1, 2027, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a central repository of blast-related characteristics, such as pressure profiles and common blast loads associated with specific systems and the environments in which they are used. (4) Waivers (A) Protocols The Secretary of Defense may establish and implement protocols to require waivers in cases in which members of the Armed Forces must exceed the safety thresholds described in subsection (b)(1)(B), which shall include a justification for exceeding those safety thresholds. (B) Tracking system Not later than one year after establishing protocols for waivers under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of Defense shall establish a Department of Defense-wide tracking system for such waivers, which shall include data contributed by the Secretary of each military department. (C) Report on waivers Not later than one year after establishing protocols for waivers under subparagraph (A), and annually thereafter for a period of five years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on such waivers that includes— (i) the number of waivers issued, disaggregated by military department; and (ii) a description of actions taken by the Secretary concerned to track the health effects on members of the Armed Forces of exceeding safety thresholds described in subsection (b)(1)(B), document those effects in medical records, and provide care to those members. (d) Strategies for mitigation and prevention of blast exposure and overpressure risk for high-risk individuals Not later than January 1, 2027, the Secretary of Defense shall establish strategies for mitigating and preventing blast exposure and blast overpressure risk for individuals most at risk for exposure to high-risk training or high-risk occupational activities, which shall include— (1) a timeline and process for implementing those strategies; (2) a determination of the frequency with which those strategies will be updated, which shall be not less frequently than once every five years; and (3) an assessment of how information regarding those strategies will be disseminated to such individuals, including after those strategies are updated. ; (5) in subsection (e), as redesignated by paragraph (3)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting or other remote measurement technology after wearable sensors ; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) Weapons use Monitoring activities under a pilot program conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be carried out for any member of the Armed Forces firing tier 1 weapons in training or combat, as identified by the Secretary of Defense. ; and (6) by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection (f): (f) Reports on Warfighter Brain Health Initiative Not later than March 31, 2025, and not less frequently than annually thereafter for a period of five years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that includes the following: (1) A description of the activities taken under the Initiative and resources expended under the Initiative during the prior fiscal year. (2) The number of members of the Armed Forces impacted by blast overpressure and blast exposure in the prior fiscal year, including— (A) the number of members who reported adverse health effects from blast overpressure or blast exposure; (B) the number of members exposed to blast overpressure or blast exposure; (C) the number of members who received treatment for injuries related to blast overpressure or blast exposure, including at facilities of the Department of Defense and at facilities in the private sector; and (D) the type of care that members receive from facilities of the Department of Defense and the type of care that members receive from facilities in the private sector. (3) A summary of the progress made during the prior fiscal year with respect to the objectives of the Initiative under subsection (b). (4) A description of the steps the Secretary is taking to ensure that activities under the Initiative are being implemented across the Department of Defense and the military departments. . 712. Establishment of Defense Intrepid Network for Traumatic Brain Injury and Brain Health as program of record (a) In general Not later than January 1, 2026, the Secretary of Defense shall establish the Defense Intrepid Network for Traumatic Brain Injury and Brain Health (in this section referred to as the Network ) headquartered at the National Intrepid Center of Excellence as a program of record subject to milestone reviews and compliance with the requirements under this section. (b) Duties The duties of the Network are as follows: (1) To provide clinical care to prevent, diagnose, treat, and rehabilitate members of the Armed Forces with traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress disorder, symptoms from blast overpressure or blast exposure, and other mental health conditions. (2) To promote standardization of care among the 10 Intrepid Spirit Centers throughout the continental United States, brain health clinics in Alaska and Germany, and other sites as designated by the Director of the Defense Health Agency as being a part of the long-term brain health strategy of the Department of Defense. (3) To support and conduct research and education on traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress disorder, blast overpressure or blast exposure, and other mental health conditions. (c) Annual briefing Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for a period of five years, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing that shall include, for the year covered by the briefing— (1) the number of individuals to whom the Network has provided services; (2) the number of individuals who return to active duty in the Armed Forces after receiving services from the Network, and the stage in their career at which they seek treatment at the Network; (3) the number of individuals whose families are able to participate in programs provided by the Network; and (4) the number of individuals on a waitlist for treatment at the Network and the average period those individuals are on the waitlist. 713. Brain health and trauma demonstration program (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an intensive comprehensive brain health and trauma demonstration program (in this section referred to as the Program ) to provide coordinated, integrated, multi-disciplinary specialist evaluations, treatment initiation, and aftercare coordination in a highly condensed model for members of the Armed Forces and their family members. (b) Duration The Secretary shall carry out the Program for a four-year period beginning on the commencement of the Program. (c) Evidence-based treatment In carrying out the Program, the Secretary shall provide evidence-based treatment for traumatic brain injury, blast overpressure, blast exposure, and psychological or neurological conditions that are common among members of the Armed Forces. (d) Evaluation, testing, and treatment The Program shall include the following: (1) Evaluations by health care providers in the areas of brain injury medicine, neuropsychology, clinical psychology, psychiatry, neuroendocrinology, sports medicine, musculoskeletal medicine, vestibular physical therapy, neuroimaging, and hormonal evaluation. (2) Metabolic testing, cardiovascular testing, and cerebrovascular testing. (3) Treatment relating to headaches, sleep interventions and medication, injection-based therapies for musculoskeletal pain, cognitive rehabilitation, vestibular physical therapy, and exercise programming. (e) Coordination In carrying out the Program, the Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with private sector non-profit healthcare organizations that have the capacity and infrastructure to provide the care and services required under the Program. (f) Medical records In carrying out the Program, the Secretary shall ensure that any treatment received by a member of the Armed Forces under the Program is documented in the medical record of such member. (g) Briefing Not later than December 31, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the Program, which shall include— (1) an assessment of the benefits of the Program to members of the Armed Forces and their families; (2) an identification of the number of individuals assisted under the Program; (3) a description of the type of care or services received under the Program; (4) an identification of the rate of members of the Armed Forces returning to duty after receiving care or services under the Program; (5) an assessment of how the Program is ensuring that records of members of the Armed Forces are updated with care or services provided under the Program; and (6) an assessment of whether and how the Program should be expanded. C Health Care Administration 721. Establishment of Indo-Pacific medical readiness program (a) Establishment (1) In general Not later than January 1, 2026, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a medical readiness program (referred to in this section as the Program ) to partner with countries in the Indo-Pacific region to gain access to foreign medical facilities during peacetime and wartime operations and maintain military-wide strategies for medical readiness in the region. (2) Objective The objective of the Program shall be to promote the medical readiness of the Armed Forces and the military forces of partner countries for missions during peacetime and wartime operations by— (A) reducing the movement and distance associated with patient care; (B) increasing the medical capacity of the Department of Defense by expanding patient access to medical facilities across the Indo-Pacific region, where and when appropriate; (C) accrediting foreign medical facilities, which will standardize medical procedures, patient care, and policies related to treating members of the Armed Forces and their dependents; and (D) enhancing interoperability and interchangeability through shared patient record management, medical equipment commonality, and coordination of medical care. (3) Activities In carrying out the Program, the Secretary of Defense shall— (A) assess and integrate current Department of Defense medical capabilities and capacities in the Indo-Pacific region into the Program; (B) select a United States-based accreditation organization to evaluate and accredit foreign medical facilities; (C) coordinate with partner countries to identify and evaluate medical facilities for the Program; (D) establish agreements with foreign medical facilities for potential use of the Program; (E) establish policies and procedures— (i) to reduce patient movement times in various countries in the Indo-Pacific region during peacetime and wartime operations; (ii) to standardize medical procedures, patient care, and policies; (iii) to securely share patient data with foreign countries, when appropriate, such as during a contingency; (iv) with respect to medical equipment commonality and interchangeability; and (v) with respect to the coordination of medical care; and (F) integrate the Program into operational plans of the combatant commands. (b) Strategy (1) In general Not later than September 30, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a strategy for the implementation of the Program. (2) Elements The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A governance structure for the Program, including— (i) the officials tasked to oversee the Program; (ii) the functions and duties of such officials with respect to establishing and maintaining the Program; and (iii) mechanisms for coordinating with partner countries selected to participate in the Program. (B) With respect to the selection of partner countries initially selected to participate in the Program— (i) an identification of each such country; (ii) the rationale for selecting each such country; and (iii) any other information the Secretary considers appropriate. (C) A campaign of objectives for the first three fiscal years after the date of the establishment of the Program, including— (i) a description of, and a rational for selecting, such objectives; (ii) an identification of milestones toward achieving such objectives; and (iii) metrics for evaluating success in achieving such objectives. (D) A description of opportunities and potential timelines for future Program expansion, as appropriate. (E) A list of additional authorities, appropriations, or other congressional support necessary to ensure the success of the Program. (F) Any other information the Secretary considers appropriate. (3) Form The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (c) Report (1) In general Not later than October 1, 2026, and annually thereafter until October 1, 2035, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the Program. (2) Elements Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A narrative summary of activities conducted as part of the Program during the preceding fiscal year. (B) Except in the case of the initial report, an assessment of progress toward the objectives establish in accordance with subparagraph (C) in the report for the preceding fiscal year using the metrics established in such report. (C) A campaign of objectives for the three fiscal years after the date of submission of the report, including— (i) a description of, and a rational for selecting, such objectives; (ii) an identification of milestones toward achieving such objectives; and (iii) metrics for evaluating success in achieving such objectives. (D) A description of opportunities and potential timelines for future Program expansion, as appropriate. (E) Any other information the Secretary considers appropriate. (3) Form Each report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 722. Improved implementation of financial relief for civilians treated in military medical treatment facilities (a) Final rule required The Secretary of Defense shall issue a final rule (or interim final rule) to implement as soon as possible after the date of the enactment of this Act section 1079b of title 10, United States Code. (b) Treatment of claims (1) In general Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall hold in abeyance any claims under section 1079b of title 10, United States Code, until the final rule (or interim final rule) required under subsection (a) is in effect. (2) Exception Paragraph (1) does not apply to— (A) claims to third-party payers; or (B) administrative support provided to the Secretary by another Federal agency to assist the Secretary in the administration of section 1079b of title 10, United States Code. 723. Extension of time for modifications to premium sharing plans under TRICARE dental program (a) In general Section 1076a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking January 1, 2026 each place it appears and inserting January 1, 2027 . (b) Rulemaking Section 701(b) of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2646) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking January 1, 2025 and inserting January 1, 2026 ; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking January 1, 2026 and inserting January 1, 2027 . (c) Briefings Section 701(c) of such Act is amended by striking 2024, 2025, and 2026 and inserting 2025, 2026, and 2027 . 724. Medical countermeasures for overseas personnel of the Department of Defense for acute radiation syndrome and thermal burns (a) Program required Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a program to develop requirements for the procurement, pre-positioning, and maintenance of medical countermeasures approved, cleared, licensed, or authorized by the Food and Drug Administration to diagnose, prevent, and treat acute radiation syndrome and thermal burns for use by personnel of the Department of Defense deployed outside the United States. (b) Program specifications In carrying out the program required by subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall consider, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the commanders of the combatant commands, the following: (1) The number of personnel of the Department of Defense deployed in areas in which the use of tactical nuclear weapons is a substantial threat. (2) Peer-reviewed and published scientific studies regarding safety and efficacy of the potential countermeasures described in subsection (a). (3) Operational requirements of the Department. (4) Appropriate doctrine, training, and operational plans for effective use of such countermeasures. (5) A feasible schedule for implementation of the program. 725. Establishment of public user satisfaction targets related to electronic health record of Defense Health Agency (a) In general The Director of the Defense Health Agency shall establish public user satisfaction targets related to the deployment of and challenges related to electronic health records of the Defense Health Agency. (b) Customer feedback The Director of the Defense Health Agency shall establish continuous customer feedback mechanisms to better understand issues relating to electronic health records of the Defense Health Agency. (c) Briefings Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until the date that is four years after such date of enactment, the Director of the Defense Health Agency shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on how the Director assesses progress towards the achievement of the targets established under subsection (a). 726. Plan of Department of Defense to address recruitment processing delays relating to health record system (a) Plan to address recruitment delays Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a plan to reduce recruitment processing delays associated with the electronic health record system of the Department of Defense, Military Health System Genesis, and other factors relating to the health record system process of the Department, which shall include— (1) the establishment by each military department of a standard period of not more than 75 days between the date on which Military Entrance Processing Stations personnel accept the applicant prescreen and the date of the first recorded contract for such applicant; and (2) the establishment by each military department of standard medical waiver processing times of not more than 60 days. (b) Implementation of Inspector General recommendations Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) implement the recommendations contained in the report of the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Defense entitled, Review of the Military Services’ Policies and Procedures on the Medical Waiver Process for Recruiting (DODIG–2023–072); and (2) submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the manner in which the Secretary has implemented such recommendations. (c) Annual report on recruitment delays (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for three years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the efforts of the Secretary to address recruitment delays associated with the electronic health record system, Military Health System Genesis and other factors relating to the health record system process of the Department. (2) Elements Each report under paragraph (1) shall include, for the period covered by the report, the following: (A) The average number of days between the date on which Military Entrance Processing Stations personnel accept the applicant prescreen and the date of the first recorded contract for such applicant, disaggregated by military department. (B) The average number of days for medical waiver processing, disaggregated by military department. (C) The number of medical waivers processed by each military department, including a breakdown of those that were approved and denied and the associated disqualifications requiring a medical waiver. (D) An assessment of the efforts of the Secretary to review the military medical standards for accession to determine whether any disqualifying medical conditions should be removed or modified and to update those standards accordingly. (E) An assessment of the efforts of the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of each military department to address the recruitment delays specified in paragraph (1). (F) An assessment of the plans of the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of each military department to further address those delays. (3) Inclusion in Accession Medical Standards Analysis and Research Activity annual report The Secretary of Defense shall include the matters under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2) in each appropriate annual report of the Accession Medical Standards Analysis and Research Activity of the Department of Defense. D Access to Contraception 731. Contraception coverage parity under the TRICARE program (a) Pharmacy benefits program Section 1074g(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (D) (i) Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), cost-sharing requirements may not be imposed and cost-sharing amounts may not be collected with respect to any eligible covered beneficiary for any prescription contraceptive on the uniform formulary provided through a retail pharmacy described in paragraph (2)(E)(ii) or through the national mail-order pharmacy program. (ii) This subparagraph shall take effect on October 1, 2034. . (b) TRICARE Select Section 1075 of such title is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (5) (A) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, cost-sharing requirements may not be imposed and cost-sharing amounts may not be collected with respect to any beneficiary under this section for a service described in subparagraph (B) that is provided by a network provider. (B) A service described in this subparagraph is any contraceptive method approved, cleared, or authorized under section 505, 510(k), 513(f)(2), or 515 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 355 , 360(k), 360c(f)(2), 360e), any contraceptive care (including with respect to insertion, removal, and follow up), any sterilization procedure, or any patient education or counseling service provided in connection with any such contraceptive, care, or procedure. (C) This paragraph shall take effect on October 1, 2034. ; and (2) in subsection (f), by striking calculated as and inserting calculated (except as provided in subsection (c)(5)) as . (c) TRICARE Prime Section 1075a of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (d) Prohibition on cost-Sharing for certain services (1) Notwithstanding subsections (a), (b), and (c), cost-sharing requirements may not be imposed and cost-sharing amounts may not be collected with respect to any beneficiary enrolled in TRICARE Prime for a service described in paragraph (2) that is provided under TRICARE Prime. (2) A service described in this paragraph is any contraceptive method approved, cleared, or authorized under section 505, 510(k), 513(f)(2), or 515 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 355 , 360(k), 360c(f)(2), 360e), any contraceptive care (including with respect to insertion, removal, and follow up), any sterilization procedure, or any patient education or counseling service provided in connection with any such contraceptive, care, or procedure. (3) This subsection shall take effect on October 1, 2034. . 732. Pregnancy prevention assistance at military medical treatment facilities for sexual assault survivors (a) In general Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1074p, as added by section 705(a), the following new section: 1074q. Provision of pregnancy prevention assistance at military medical treatment facilities (a) Information and assistance The Secretary of Defense shall promptly furnish to sexual assault survivors at each military medical treatment facility the following: (1) Comprehensive, medically and factually accurate, and unbiased written and oral information about all emergency contraceptives approved by the Food and Drug Administration. (2) Upon request by the sexual assault survivor, emergency contraceptives or, if applicable, a prescription for emergency contraceptives. (3) Notification of the right of the sexual assault survivor to confidentiality with respect to the information and care and services furnished under this section. (b) Information The Secretary shall ensure that information provided pursuant to subsection (a) is provided in language that— (1) is clear and concise; (2) is readily comprehensible; and (3) meets such conditions (including conditions regarding the provision of information in languages other than English) as the Secretary may prescribe in regulations to carry out this section., (c) Effective date This section shall take effect on October 1, 2034. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) The term sexual assault survivor means any individual who presents at a military medical treatment facility and— (A) states to personnel of the facility that the individual experienced a sexual assault; (B) is accompanied by another person who states that the individual experienced a sexual assault; or (C) whom the personnel of the facility reasonably believes to be a survivor of sexual assault. (2) The term sexual assault means the conduct described in section 1565b(c) of this title that may result in pregnancy. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1074p, as added by section 705(a), the following new item: 1074q. Provision of pregnancy prevention assistance at military medical treatment facilities. . 733. Education on family planning for members of the Armed Forces (a) Education programs (1) In general Not later than October 1, 2035, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a uniform standard curriculum to be used in education programs on family planning for all members of the Armed Forces. (2) Timing Education programs under paragraph (1) shall be provided to members of the Armed Forces as follows: (A) During the first year of service of the member. (B) At such other times as each Secretary of a military department determines appropriate with respect to members of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary. (3) Sense of Congress It is the sense of Congress that the education programs under paragraph (1) should be evidence-informed and use the latest technology available to efficiently and effectively deliver information to members of the Armed Forces. (b) Elements The uniform standard curriculum for education programs under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Information for members of the Armed Forces on active duty to make informed decisions regarding family planning. (2) Information about the prevention of unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections, including human immunodeficiency virus (commonly known as HIV ). (3) Information on— (A) the importance of providing comprehensive family planning for members of the Armed Forces, including commanding officers; and (B) the positive impact family planning can have on the health and readiness of the Armed Forces. (4) Current, medically accurate information. (5) Clear, user-friendly information on— (A) all contraceptive methods approved, cleared, or authorized under section 505, 510(k), 513(f)(2), or 515 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 355 , 360(k), 360c(f)(2), 360e); and (B) where members of the Armed Forces can access their chosen contraceptive. (6) Information on all applicable laws and policies so that members of the Armed Forces are informed of their rights and obligations. (7) Information on the rights of patients to confidentiality. (8) Information on the unique circumstances encountered by members of the Armed Forces and the effects of such circumstances on the use of contraceptives. (c) Effective date This section shall take effect on October 1, 2034. 734. Inclusion of comprehensive contraceptive counseling in health assessment forms (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall— (1) revise the periodic health assessment form of the Department of Defense (Department of Defense Form 3024) to include the information specified in subsection (b); and (2) revise the pre-deployment health assessment form of the Department (Department of Defense Form 2795)— (A) to allow members of the Armed Forces to indicate they would like comprehensive contraceptive counseling; and (B) to include the information specified in subsection (b). (b) Information specified The information specified in this subsection is the following: (1) An explanation of patient-centered contraceptive counseling as recommended by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, including by incorporating any clinical guidance on contraceptive counseling set forth by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. (2) A description of the full range of contraceptive methods, including any contraceptive drug, device, or biological product approved, cleared, authorized, or licensed by the Food and Drug Administration under section 505, 510(k), 513(f)(2), 515, or 564 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 355 , 360(k), 360c(f)(2), 360e, 360bbb–3) or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 262 )). (3) Such other information relating to contraceptive counseling as the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate. E Reports and Other Matters 741. Extension of authority for joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs medical facility demonstration fund Section 1704(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( Public Law 111–84 ; 123 Stat. 2573), as most recently amended by section 104 of division E of the Continuing Appropriations and Ukraine Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2023 ( Public Law 117–180 ; 136 Stat. 2137), is amended by striking September 30, 2024 and inserting September 30, 2025 . 742. Treatment of expert medical opinions with respect to medical malpractice claims by members of the uniformed services Section 2733a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking subsection (g) and inserting subsection (h) ; (2) in subsection (b)(6), by striking subsection (g) and inserting subsection (h) ; (3) in subsection (d)(1), by striking subsection (g) and inserting subsection (h) ; (4) by redesignating subsections (g) through (j) as subsections (h) through (k), respectively; and (5) by inserting after subsection (f) the following new subsection: (g) Expert medical opinions (1) The Secretary of Defense may not use an expert medical opinion from an individual in determining whether to allow, settle, and pay a claim under this section unless the individual is board-certified in the medical specialty with respect to that claim. (2) If a claim under this section is denied, the Secretary shall provide to the claimant information regarding the qualifications of any individual who provided an expert medical opinion upon which such denial is based. . 743. Expansion of license reciprocity for veterinarians of Department of Defense (a) In general Section 1060c of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking in emergencies ; (2) in subsection (a), by striking for the purposes described in subsection (c) ; and (3) by striking subsection (c). (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 53 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 1060c and inserting the following new item: 1060c. Provision of veterinary services. . 744. Plan to ensure access of members of the Armed Forces to safe, high-quality pharmaceuticals (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall establish a plan to ensure access by members of the Armed Forces to safe, high-quality pharmaceutical products and eliminate or mitigate risks in the pharmacy supply chain of the Department of Defense. (b) Elements of plan The plan required by subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) Improvement of visibility and analytics of the country of origin and sources of supply of finished drugs, active pharmaceutical ingredients, key starting material, and other ingredients of pharmaceutical products. (2) Engagement with suppliers of pharmaceutical products with unknown country of origin to determine the source of active pharmaceutical ingredients and key starting material. (3) Elimination or reduction of reliance on pharmacy supply chain sources of high risk or very-high risk. (4) A plan for transition to viable therapeutic active pharmaceutical ingredients and key starting material alternatives that are domestically sourced or compliant with requirements under the Trade Agreements Act of 1979 ( 19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq. ). (5) Validation of sources of supplies and production capacity from domestic pharmaceutical manufacturers or manufacturers in compliance with requirements under the Trade Agreements Act of 1979. (6) Assessment of the feasibility and advisability of establishing a pharmaceutical manufacturing facility owned by the Department of Defense, including requirements for construction, equipment acquisition, other resource needs, and projected multi-year budget and time schedule requirements. (7) Identification of any other legislative or administrative authorities necessary to determine the feasibility and advisability of establishing such a facility. (8) Collaboration with Federal agencies determined appropriate by the Secretary of Defense on all elements of the plan. (c) Briefing required Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the plan required by subsection (a), including an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of implementing the plan. 745. Pilot program on delegation of authority to approve recruits with certain medical conditions (a) Pilot program Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall implement a pilot program and issue policy guidance that authorizes and directs the Secretaries concerned (as that term is defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code) to delegate authority to the United States Military Entrance Processing Command (MEPCOM) to approve a service medical waiver for a set list of otherwise disqualifying medical conditions. (b) Medical consultation process As part of the pilot program, the Under Secretary shall establish a medical consultation process that allows MEPCOM to seek input from the services if a MEPCOM provider determines that more service-specific medical guidance on fitness for duty is needed before approving a recruit with a medical condition described in subsection (c). (c) List of medical conditions To formulate the set list of medical standards described in subsection (a), the service Secretaries shall each identify at least three preexisting medical conditions that are considered disqualifying under DoD Instruction 6130.03, but regularly or automatically receive medical waivers. (d) Termination The pilot program established under subsection (a) shall terminate two years after the date of establishment. (e) Reports (1) Plan Not later than 30 days after the pilot program is established under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall provide a report to the congressional defense committees describing the implementation of the pilot program, including a list of medical standards identified pursuant to subsection (c). (2) Results Not later than 60 days after the pilot program is terminated, the Under Secretary shall provide a report to the congressional defense committees on the results of the pilot program, including the number of recruits approved under the pilot program for each medical condition identified pursuant to subsection (c), a risk assessment of implementation of the pilot program, a comparison of the average number of days to review and adjudicate medical waivers before and during the pilot program, and a recommendation on whether to make the authority under the pilot program permanent. 746. Infectious disease wastewater surveillance system of Department of Defense (a) In general Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1073e the following new section: 1073e–1. Infectious disease wastewater surveillance system (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement an infectious disease wastewater surveillance system that is consistent with the bio surveillance capability-based assessment as part of the Biodefense Posture Review and utilizes data from wastewater systems to monitor for pathogens of concern, conduct infectious disease surveillance for purposes of early warning, preparedness, and response, track existing and emerging infectious diseases, and report on the threat of such infectious diseases at Department of Defense facilities outside of the United States . (b) Requirements In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure the following: (1) The system developed and implemented under such subsection— (A) is comprised of appropriate technologies and a uniform data system across the Department of Defense; and (B) conducts wastewater surveillance at military installations and military medical treatment facilities outside of the United States. (2) Deployed naval vessels and aircraft have access to the capabilities described in such subsection. (3) Members of the armed forces deployed in support of a contingency operation outside of the United States have access to the capabilities described in such subsection. (c) Coordination of data tracking The Secretary shall share wastewater system surveillance data pertaining to Department of Defense facilities outside of the United States under this section with the Secretary of Health and Human Services for the purposes of infectious disease preparedness and response. (d) Reporting The Secretary of Defense shall include with the defense budget materials (as defined by section 231(g) of this title) for a fiscal year a report that contains the following: (1) A plan to research and develop wastewater surveillance technologies, data systems, and capabilities for infectious disease surveillance for purposes of carrying out subsection (a). (2) The number of domestic and international facilities under the jurisdiction of the Secretary that are engaged in infectious disease wastewater surveillance. (3) A description of how the Secretary plans to prepare for and monitor new and existing pathogens and infectious disease threats using wastewater surveillance at Department of Defense facilities outside of the United States. (4) A description of how the Secretary plans to rapidly adapt and scale up surveillance at Department of Defense facilities outside of the United States to effectively confront an existing or emerging infectious disease threat, including how the Secretary would develop, validate, and utilize new diagnostic tests and ensure an adequate lab testing capability could be rapidly activated. (5) A description of how the Secretary plans to continuously incorporate the latest science into wastewater surveillance efforts at Department of Defense facilities outside of the United States. (6) If appropriate, a description of how the Secretary will contract services with outside stakeholders to procure or develop products capable of detecting existing and emerging pathogens at Department of Defense facilities outside of the United States. (7) A description of how the Secretary plans to integrate and report data generated from wastewater surveillance systems at Department of Defense facilities outside of the United States to support preparedness for and response to existing and emerging infectious diseases. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1073e the following new item: 1073e–1. Infectious disease wastewater surveillance system. . 747. Reports on suicide among members of the Armed Forces and suicide prevention programs and activities of the Department of Defense Section 741(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 133 Stat. 1467) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking January 31, 2021 and inserting January 31, 2031 ; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) through (J) as subparagraphs (I) through (M), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraphs: (F) With respect to the number of suicides, attempted suicides, or known cases of suicidal ideation identified under subparagraph (A), the military job code (Army military occupational specialty, Navy enlisted classification or billet, Marine Corps military occupational specialty, Air Force specialty code, or Coast Guard rating). (G) A compilation of suicide data by military job code to determine which military career fields have a higher per capita suicide rate compared to— (i) other military career fields for the same time period; (ii) the overall suicide rate for each Armed Force for the same time period; (iii) the overall suicide rate for the Department of Defense for the same time period; and (iv) the national suicide rate for the same time period. (H) A disaggregation of suicide data by age. . 748. Report on plan for testing for helicobacter pylori for certain members of the Armed Forces (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report containing a plan, cost estimate, and feasibility study for implementing testing for helicobacter pylori (commonly known as H. pylori )— (1) during accession physicals for the Armed Forces; and (2) for members of the Armed Forces— (A) deployed to countries with high rates of H. pylori; or (B) subjected to crowded living conditions, such as ship berthing. (b) Elements The report required under subsection (a) shall include an estimate of costs for implementing a program for conducting testing described in subsection (a), which shall include testing for H. pylori using breath and stool-based methods. (c) Consideration of expertise In preparing the report required under subsection (a), the Secretary may, and is encouraged to, seek the input and expertise of physician experts, including gastroenterologists who have expertise in— (1) the field of H. pylori; (2) the gastrointestinal diseases and disorders that arise from H. pylori; or (3) the screening and testing mechanisms for those diseases and disorders. 749. Report on non-covered expenses related to cancer treatments for members of the Armed Forces and their dependents (a) In general Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report evaluating the feasibility of establishing a program to facilitate access to supplementary insurance designed to help members of the Armed Forces and their dependents with financial expenses not currently covered by existing programs related to screening, diagnosis, and treatment of cancer. (b) Assessment of expenses not currently covered The report required by subsection (a) shall include an assessment of expenses incurred by members of the Armed Forces related to screening, diagnosis, and treatment of cancer, that are not currently covered by existing benefits provided to members of the Armed Forces and their dependents, including— (1) adjustments to housing or vehicles; (2) travel and lodging expenses; (3) childcare expenses; (4) potential gaps in insurance coverage; (5) home healthcare and caretaker expenses; (6) lost income for spouses due to caretaker responsibilities; and (7) expenses associated with modified diets due to chemotherapy and radiation treatment. (c) Review and explanation of commercial insurance products The report required by subsection (a) shall include a review and explanation of insurance products designed to cover expenses associated with a significant cancer diagnosis not ordinarily covered by traditional health insurance. VIII Acquisition policy A Acquisition policy and management 801. Modifications to other transaction authority Section 4022 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking senior procurement executive for the agency as designated for the purpose of section 1702(c) of title 41, or, for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Defense Innovation Unit, or the Missile Defense Agency, the director of the agency and inserting head of contracting activity ; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering or the Under Secretary of Defense of Acquisition and Sustainment and inserting senior procurement executive for the agency as designated for the purpose of section 1702(c) of title 41, or, for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Defense Innovation Unit, or the Missile Defense Agency, the director of the agency ; and (B) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: (3) The authority of the head of contracting activity under paragraph (2)(A), and the authority of the senior procurement executive or director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Defense Innovation Unit, or the Missile Defense Agency under paragraph (2)(B), may not be delegated. ; and (2) in subsection (i)(4)(A), by striking September 30, 2025 and inserting September 30, 2030 . 802. Streamlining of Milestone A requirements (a) Streamlining (1) In general Section 4251 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking determination required and inserting factors to be considered ; (B) in subsection (a)(2)— (i) by striking the Secretary of the military department concerned and the Chief of the armed forces concerned concur in ; and (ii) by inserting do not overly constrain future trade space after with regard to the program ; (C) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: (b) Factors to be considered for milestone a approval A major defense acquisition program or subprogram may not receive Milestone A approval or otherwise be initiated prior to Milestone B approval until the milestone decision authority confirms that the following factors were considered in the decision to grant Milestone A approval: (1) The program or subprogram fulfills an approved requirements document. (2) The program or subprogram has conducted appropriate market research. (3) With respect to any identified areas of risk, there is a plan to reduce the risk. (4) Planning for sustainment has been addressed. (5) An analysis of alternatives has been performed consistent with study guidance developed by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, or in lieu of an analysis of alternatives, early experimentation with a combatant commander has been conducted. (6) A lifecycle cost estimate for the program or subprogram has been submitted by the component and that the level of resources required to complete the technology maturation and risk reduction phase of the program is sufficient for successful program execution. (7) The program or subprogram meets any other considerations the milestone decision authority considers relevant. ; (D) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; (E) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection: (c) Written record of milestone decision The milestone decision authority shall issue a written record of decision at the time that Milestone A approval is granted. The record shall confirm compliance with subsection (b) and specifically state that the milestone decision authority considered the factors described in such subsection prior to the decision to grant milestone approval. The milestone decision authority shall retain records of the basis for the milestone decision. ; (F) in subsection (d), as redesignated by subparagraph (D)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the paragraph heading, by striking brief summary report and inserting notification ; and (II) by striking a brief summary report that contains the following elements and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting a written record of the milestone decision. ; and (ii) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: (2) Additional information At the request of any of the congressional defense committees or, in the case of intelligence or intelligence-related activities, the congressional intelligence committees, the milestone decision authority shall submit to the committee an explanation of the basis for the decision to grant Milestone A approval with respect to a major defense acquisition program or major subprogram, and make available all underlying documentation. ; and (G) in subsection (e), as so redesignated— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking initial capabilities document and inserting requirements document ; (ii) by striking paragraphs (4), (6), and (7); (iii) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (8) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (iv) by inserting after paragraph (5), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph: (6) The term written record of milestone decision , with respect to a major defense acquisition program or a major subprogram, means a document signed by the milestone decision authority that formalizes approved entry of the program or subprogram into the next phase of the acquisition process. . (2) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter III of chapter 322 of title 10, United States Code, is amended, in the item relating to section 4251, by striking determination required and inserting factors to be considered . (b) Conforming amendments (1) Section 4272 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking risk assessments— and all that follows through (2) before any decision and inserting risk assessments before any decision . (2) Section 3221(b)(6)(A)(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking 4251 or . (3) Section 3222(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking a milestone phase and inserting the engineering and manufacturing development phase, or production and deployment phase, ; and (B) by striking authority that— and all that follows through (2) for the for the engineering and manufacturing development phase, or production and deployment phase, includes a cost estimate and inserting authority that includes a cost estimate . 803. Streamlining of Milestone B requirements (a) In general Section 4252 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking certification required before and inserting factors to be considered before ; (2) by striking subsections (d), (e), and (f); (3) by redesignating subsections (a), (b), (c), and (g), as subsections (b), (d), (e), and (f), respectively; (4) by inserting before subsection (b), as so redesignated, the following new subsection: (a) Responsibilities Before granting Milestone B approval for a major defense acquisition program or major subprogram, the milestone decision authority for the program or subprogram shall ensure that— (1) information about the program or subprogram is sufficient to warrant entry of the program or subprogram into the engineering and manufacturing development phase; (2) appropriate trade-offs among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance objectives have been made to ensure that the program or subprogram is affordable when considering the per-unit cost and the total life-cycle cost, and the Secretary of the military department concerned and the Chief of the armed force concerned concur with these trade-offs; and (3) there are sound plans for progression of the program or subprogram to the production phase. ; (5) by amending subsection (b), as redesignated by paragraph (3), to read as follows: (b) Factors to be considered for Milestone B approval A major defense acquisition program or major subprogram may not receive Milestone B approval until the milestone decision authority confirms the following factors were considered in the decision to grant Milestone B approval: (1) The program or subprogram has an approved systems engineering plan. (2) The technology in the program or subprogram has been demonstrated in a relevant environment. (3) Appropriate trade-offs among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance objectives have been made to ensure that the program is affordable when considering the per unit cost and the total life-cycle cost. (4) Reasonable lifecycle cost and schedule estimates have been developed to execute, with the concurrence of the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, the plan under the program or subprogram. (5) The estimated procurement unit cost for the program or subprogram and the estimated date for initial operational capability for the baseline description for the program or subprogram (under section 4214 of this title) have been established. (6) Funding is expected to be available to execute the product development and production plan for the program or subprogram, consistent with the estimates described in paragraph (4) for the program or subprogram. (7) Appropriate market research, including of commercial products and services, has been conducted prior to technology development. (8) The Department of Defense has completed an analysis of alternatives with respect to the program or subprogram, or in lieu of an analysis of alternatives, early experimentation with a combatant commander has been conducted. (9) The Joint Requirements Oversight Council has reviewed the operational requirements for the program or subprogram. (10) Life-cycle sustainment planning has identified and evaluated sustainment cost elements, factors, risks, and gaps that are likely to drive future operations and support costs or identify changes to system design that could reduce costs. (11) An estimate has been made of the requirements for core logistics capabilities and the associated sustaining workloads required to support such requirements. (12) The program or subprogram complies with all relevant policies, regulations, and directives of the Department of Defense. (13) Appropriate actions are planned for the acquisition of technical data required to support the program or subprogram. (14) The program or subprogram has an approved life-cycle sustainment plan required under section 4324(b) of this title. (15) In the case of a naval vessel program or subprogram, such program or subprogram is in compliance with the requirements of section 8669b of this title. ; (6) by inserting after subsection (b), as redesignated by paragraph (3), the following new subsection: (c) Written record of milestone decision The milestone decision authority shall issue a written record of decision at the time that Milestone B approval is granted. The record shall confirm compliance with subsection (b) and specifically state that the milestone decision authority considered the factors described in subsection (b) prior to the decision to grant milestone approval. The milestone decision authority shall retain records of the basis for the milestone decision. ; (7) in subsection (d), as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking certifications or determination and inserting basis for milestone approval ; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking certifications or a determination under subsection (a) and inserting a written record of the milestone decision under subsection (c) ; (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking certifications or determination of the milestone decision authority and inserting decision of the milestone decision authority ; and (II) by striking certifications or determination specified in paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (a) and inserting decision specified in subsection (b) ; and (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking certifications or determination and inserting decision ; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking withdraw the certifications or determination concerned or ; and (ii) by striking certifications, determinations, or approval are and inserting approval is ; (8) by amending subsection (e), as redesignated by paragraph (3), to read as follows: (e) Submissions to Congress on Milestone B (1) Notification Not later than 15 days after granting Milestone B approval for a major defense acquisition program or major subprogram, the milestone decision authority for the program or subprogram shall provide to the congressional defense committees and, in the case of intelligence or intelligence-related activities, the congressional intelligence committees a written record of the milestone decision. (2) Additional information (A) At the request of any of the congressional defense committees or, in the case of intelligence or intelligence-related activities, the congressional intelligence committees, the milestone decision authority shall submit to the committee an explanation of the basis for the decision to grant Milestone B approval with respect to a major defense acquisition program or major subprogram, and make available all underlying documentation. (B) The explanation or additional information shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. ; and (9) in subsection (f), as redesignated by paragraph (3)— (A) by striking paragraphs (4) and (5); (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (4); and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (5) The term written record of milestone decision , with respect to a major defense acquisition program or a major subprogram, means a document signed by the milestone decision authority that formalizes approved entry of the program or subprogram into the next phase of the acquisition process. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter III of chapter 322 of title 10, United States Code, is amended, in the item relating to section 4252, by striking certification required before and inserting factors to be considered before . 804. Modification of major defense acquisition program definition Section 4201(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking is not a highly sensitive classified program (as determined by the Secretary of Defense) and ; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking that is designated and inserting is designated ; and (3) in paragraph (2), by striking that is estimated and inserting is estimated . 805. Middle tier of acquisition for rapid prototyping and rapid fielding (a) In general Chapter 253 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 3602. Middle tier of acquisition for rapid prototyping and rapid fielding (a) Guidance required The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in consultation with the Comptroller of the Department of Defense and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall establish guidance for a middle tier of acquisition programs that are intended to be completed in a period of two to five years. (b) Acquisition pathways The guidance required by subsection (a) shall cover the following two acquisition pathways: (1) Rapid prototyping The rapid prototyping pathway shall provide for the use of innovative technologies to rapidly develop fieldable prototypes to demonstrate new capabilities and meet emerging military needs. The objective of an acquisition program under this pathway shall be to field a prototype that can be demonstrated in an operational environment and provide for a residual operational capability within five years of the development of an approved requirement. (2) Rapid fielding The rapid fielding pathway shall provide for the use of proven technologies to field production quantities of new or upgraded systems with minimal development required. The objective of an acquisition program under this pathway shall be to begin production within six months and complete fielding within five years of the development of an approved requirement. (c) Expedited process (1) In general The guidance required by subsection (a) shall provide for a streamlined and coordinated requirements, budget, and acquisition process that results in the development of an approved requirement for each program in a period of not more than six months from the time that the process is initiated. Programs that are subject to the guidance shall not be subject to the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System Manual and Department of Defense Directive 5000.01. (2) Rapid prototyping With respect to the rapid prototyping pathway, the guidance shall include— (A) a merit-based process for the consideration of innovative technologies and new capabilities to meet needs communicated by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the combatant commanders; (B) a process for developing and implementing acquisition and funding strategies for the program; (C) a process for demonstrating and evaluating the performance of fieldable prototypes developed pursuant to the program in an operational environment; and (D) a process for transitioning successful prototypes to new or existing acquisition programs for production and fielding under the rapid fielding pathway or the traditional acquisition system, or for iterating within the rapid prototyping pathway using a process provided pursuant to paragraph (4)(F). (3) Rapid fielding With respect to the rapid fielding pathway, the guidance shall include— (A) a merit-based process for the consideration of existing products and proven technologies to meet needs communicated by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the combatant commanders; (B) a process for demonstrating performance and evaluating for current operational purposes the proposed products and technologies; (C) a process for developing and implementing acquisition and funding strategies for the program; (D) a process for considering lifecycle costs and addressing issues of logistics support and system interoperability; and (E) a process for identifying and exploiting opportunities to use the rapid fielding pathway to reduce total ownership costs. (4) Streamlined procedures The guidance for the programs shall provide for any of the following streamlined procedures: (A) The service acquisition executive of the military department concerned shall appoint a program manager for such program from among candidates from among civilian employees or members of the armed forces who have significant and relevant experience managing large and complex programs. (B) The program manager of a defense streamlined program shall be provided staff positions for a technical staff, including experts in business management, cost estimation, contracting, auditing, engineering, certification, testing, certification, and logistics, to enable the manager to manage the program without the technical assistance of another organizational unit of an agency to the maximum extent practicable. (C) The program manager of a defense streamlined program shall be authorized, in coordination with the users of the equipment and capability to be acquired and the test community, to make trade-offs among life-cycle costs, requirements, and schedules to meet the goals of the program. (D) The service acquisition executive, acting in coordination with the defense acquisition executive, shall serve as the decision authority for the program, or delegate decision authority at their discretion. (E) The program manager of a defense streamlined program shall be provided a process to expeditiously seek a waiver from any regulatory requirement, or in the case of a statutory requirement, a waiver from Congress, that the program manager determines adds cost, schedule, or performance delays with little or no value to the management of the program. (F) Service acquisition executives shall develop an expedited review process to permit continuous iterative prototyping and fielding cycles under the same program provided operational capability is fielded within every five-year period. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 253 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3601 the following new item: 3602. Middle tier of acquisition for rapid prototyping and rapid fielding. . (c) Repeal of superseded authority Section 804 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 3201 note prec.) is repealed. 806. Advisory panel on the requirements process of the Department of Defense (a) Establishment Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish and maintain within the Department of Defense an advisory panel on streamlining the requirements process of the Department of Defense. (b) Membership The advisory panel shall consist of not more than 10 members, four of which are to be appointed by the Secretary of Defense, and two each by the Secretaries of the military departments who have experience in matters relating to the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System (JCIDS) process of the Department of Defense or innovative requirements and product development methods of the private sector. In making appointments to the advisory panel, the Secretary shall ensure that the members of the panel reflect diverse experiences in the public and private sectors. (c) Duties (1) In general The advisory panel shall advise the Secretary of Defense on the effectiveness of the requirements process and develop options for reform. (2) Basis for provision of advice For purposes of providing advice to the Secretary pursuant to this subsection, the advisory panel shall— (A) review and synthesize existing research on requirements reform and provide an evaluation of the recommendations specified in extant research for modernizing the requirements process, including— (i) publications by discretionary advisory committees established by the Department of Defense; (ii) federally funded research and development centers; (iii) independent, non-governmental institutes described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and (iv) other entities that have subject matter expertise; (B) examine the effectiveness of the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System process, and adjacent practices of the Department of Defense, particularly with respect to facilitating defense modernization; (C) examine alternative requirements processes of the Department of Defense, including— (i) the Joint Urgent Operational Needs Statement and Joint Emergent Operational Needs Statement associated with the Urgent Acquisition Pathway; (ii) the rapid processes for validating requirements for the Middle Tier of Acquisition Pathway; and (iii) the User Agreement and Capability Needs Statement associated with the Software Acquisition Pathway; (D) consider potential alternatives to requirements processes and practices to maximize the ability of the Department of Defense to respond in a timely manner to current and future threats; and (E) make legislative and policy recommendations to improve processes and practices to field the operational capabilities necessary to outpace near-peer competitors, provide data and analytical insight, and support an integrated budget that is aligned with the most recent National Defense Strategy. (d) Administrative matters The Secretary of Defense shall provide the advisory panel established pursuant to subsection (a) with timely access to appropriate information, data, resources, and analysis so that the advisory panel may conduct a thorough and independent assessment as required under such subsection. (e) Annual reports Not later than March 30, 2025, and annually thereafter, the advisory panel shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report describing the results of the activities of the advisory panel pursuant to this section during the preceding year. (f) Termination The advisory panel shall terminate on the date that is three years after the date of the establishment of the advisory panel pursuant to subsection (a). 807. Modification to submission of certified cost or pricing data Section 3705(b)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking may include a notation on such offerors in the system used by the Federal Government to monitor or record contractor past performance and inserting shall include an entry on such offerors in the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System within the System for Award Management . 808. Autonomous system acquisition pathways (a) Preference The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that, to the maximum extent practicable, acquisition programs of the Department of Defense for autonomous unmanned aerial systems utilize separate, parallel acquisition pathways for hardware and software. (b) Implementation The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the acquisition decision authority, with respect to the acquisition of autonomous unmanned aerial systems and to the maximum extent practicable— (1) utilize the appropriate software acquisition and development pathway as created under section 800 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 4571 note); (2) reduce duplicative, overlapping, and unnecessary documentation for the parallel acquisition pathways and manage the pathways as a single acquisition program; (3) include requirements for containerization of software and an architecture enabling microservices; and (4) for the acquisition of both hardware and software components of such programs, adhere to the commercial preference requirements established in section 3453 of title 10, United States Code. 809. Designation of program executive office for acquisition of open-source intelligence tools for Army (a) In general The Secretary of the Army may designate an existing program executive office within the Army to be responsible for the acquisition of open-source intelligence tools. (b) Responsibilities If the Secretary designates an existing program office under subsection (a), that office shall be responsible for the selection, procurement, and evaluation of open-source intelligence tools for the Army. (c) Open-source intelligence tools defined In this section, the term open-source intelligence tools has the meaning given that term in section 430b(d) of title 10, United States Code. 810. Ensuring competition in artificial intelligence procurement (a) Definitions In this section: (1) Artificial intelligence; AI The terms artificial intelligence and AI have the meaning given the term artificial intelligence in section 5002 of the National Artificial Intelligence Initiative Act of 2020 ( 15 U.S.C. 9401 ). (2) Cloud computing The term cloud computing has the meaning given the term in Special Publication 800–145 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, or any successor document. (3) Cloud provider The term cloud provider means any company engaged in the provision, sale, or licensing of cloud computing to customers, including individuals and businesses. (4) Covered provider The term covered provider means any cloud provider or foundation model provider that has entered into contracts with the Department of Defense totaling at least $50,000,000 in any of the 5 previous fiscal years. (5) Dual-use foundation model The term dual-use foundation model means an artificial intelligence model that— (A) (i) is trained on broad data; (ii) generally uses self-supervision; (iii) contains at least 1,000,000,000 parameters; and (iv) is applicable across a wide range of contexts; or (B) exhibits, or could be easily modified to exhibit, high levels of performance at tasks that pose a serious risk to security, national economic security, national public health, or safety. (6) Foundation model developer The term foundation model developer means any company engaged in the provision, sale, or licensing of foundation models to customers, including individuals and businesses. (7) Multi-cloud technology The term multi-cloud technology means architecture and services that allow for data, application, and program portability, usability, and interoperability between infrastructure, platforms, and hosted applications of multiple cloud providers and between public, private, and edge cloud environments in a manner that securely delivers operational and management consistency, comprehensive visibility, and resiliency. (b) Cloud procurement requirement The Secretary of Defense shall, in contracting provisions with cloud providers, promote security and competition in the procurement of cloud computing by requiring a competitive award process for each procurement of cloud computing services. The competitive process should prioritize security and interoperability requirements. Multi-cloud technology should be considered where feasible and advantageous. (c) Data training and use protection The Secretary of Defense shall update or promulgate provisions of the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations Supplement to ensure that— (1) Government-furnished data, provided for purposes of development and operation of AI products and services to the Department of Defense, is not disclosed or used without proper authorization by the Department of Defense; (2) Government-furnished data stored on vendor systems, provided for purposes of development and operation of AI products and services to the Department of Defense, is appropriately protected from other data on such systems; (3) violation of these provisions shall be subject to specific penalties, including fines and contract termination; and (4) component acquisition executives may issue exemptions upon— (A) determining that issuing an exemption is not inconsistent with national security; and (B) notifying the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer of the specific provisions exempted, the vendor and program being issued the exemption, and the justification for the exemption. (d) Reporting (1) In general Not later than January 15, 2026, and annually thereafter for four years, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report assessing the competition, innovation, barriers to entry, and concentrations of market power or market share in the AI space for each period covered by the report. The report shall also include recommendations of appropriate legislative and administrative action. (2) Publication The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs, shall ensure that the report is made available to the public by— (A) posting a publicly releasable version of the report on a website of the Department of Defense; and (B) upon request, transmitting the report by other means, as long as such transmission is at no cost to the Department. 811. Prohibition on the transfer of certain data on employees of the Department of Defense to third parties (a) Expansion of protections Subsection (c)(1) of section 4662 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking obtained by and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting obtained by a contractor or subcontractor described in subsection (a). . (b) Waiver authority Subsection (b) of such section is amended to read as follows: (b) Waiver (1) The Secretary of Defense may waive the requirements of subsection (a) with respect to a sale, licensing, or other transfer of covered individually identifiable Department employee data on a case-by-case basis as may be necessary in the interest of national security if the Secretary determines that such waiver poses a minimal threat to the privacy of Department of Defense employees. The Secretary of Defense may not delegate the authority under this subsection to an official who has not been Presidentially appointed and confirmed by the Senate. (2) (A) Not later than January 15, 2026, and annually thereafter for four years, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the use of the authority under this subsection for the fiscal year preceding the date of submission of the report. The report shall include, for each use of the waiver— (i) the specific justification for providing the waiver; (ii) an identification of the contractor or subcontractor that is the subject of the waiver request; and (iii) an identification of the purpose of the sale, licensing, or transfer that is the subject of the waiver request. (B) The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs, shall ensure that the report is made available to the public by— (i) posting the report on a publicly accessible Internet website of the Department of Defense; and (ii) upon request, transmitting the report by other means, as long as such transmission is at no cost to the Department. . B Amendments to general contracting authorities, procedures, and limitations 821. Limitation on certain options for cost contracts (a) Amendments Section 3322 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (d) Limitation on certain options (1) In general The contracting officer shall limit the number of low-rate initial production lots to not more than one for any production quantities procured using fixed priced-type options on a covered contract. (2) Waiver The limitation in paragraph (1) may be waived on a case-by-case basis by the concerned service acquisition executive or by the Secretary of Defense if the program is a joint program. In any case, this waiver authority shall not be delegated below the level of a service acquisition executive. (3) Definitions In this subsection: (A) The term covered contract means a cost reimbursement-type contract for the development of a major system. (B) The term development shall have the same meaning as in section 4001 of title 10, United States Code. (C) The term low-rate initial production shall have the same meaning as in section 4231 of title 10, United States Code. (D) The term major system shall have the same meaning as in section 3041 of title 10, United States Code. . (b) Conforming regulations Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise the Department of Defense Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to conform with subsection (d) of section 3322 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. 822. Treatment of unilateral definitization of a contract as a final decision Section 3372(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively, and moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; (2) by striking officer .—With respect to and inserting the following: “ officer .— (1) In general With respect to ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) Treatment of unilateral definitization of a contract as a final decision A unilateral definitization by a contracting officer shall be considered a final decision under chapter 71 of title 41, and a contractor may appeal this decision at the Armed Services Board of Contract Appeals or the United States Court of Federal Claims. . 823. Updates to earned value management system requirements Section 827(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 10 U.S.C. note prec. 4601) is amended— (1) by striking date of the enactment of this Act and inserting date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025 ; and (2) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: (2) increase the contract value threshold associated with earned value management system requirements for cost contracts or incentive contracts from $20,000,000 to $50,000,000; and (3) increase the contract value threshold associated requiring a defense contractor to use an approved earned value management system from $50,000,000 to $100,000,000 . 824. Pilot program on capability-based analysis of price of goods or services offered by nontraditional defense contractors (a) Pilot program The head of an agency may use alternative capability-based analysis to determine whether the proposed price or fee for a commercial product or commercial service offered by a nontraditional defense contractor (as that term is defined in section 3014 of title 10, United States Code) is fair and reasonable. (b) Report Not later than February 1, 2028, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report evaluating the pilot program established under subsection (a), including the following elements: (1) A summary of activities conducted because of the inclusion of alternative capability-based analysis into the evaluation of proposals offered by nontraditional contractors, including specific examples. (2) An analysis of the effectiveness of the pilot program in increasing nontraditional defense contractor participation in the defense industrial base and in increasing access by the Department of Defense to new technologies or capabilities. (3) Recommendations on— (A) the continuation of the pilot program; (B) changes to existing law; and (C) the expansion of the program to include other contractors. (c) Sunset The authority under subsection (a) shall expire on September 30, 2029. (d) Alternative capacity-based analysis defined In this section, the term alternative capability-based analysis means an analysis of the value to the Federal Government of a commercial product or commercial service that considers one or more of the following elements: (1) The fitness of the product or service for the particular purpose such product or service is being procured. (2) The unique nature of, technical expertise required to produce or provide, and the non-Federal resources expended to develop such product or service. (3) The business model or financial projections of the nontraditional defense contractor, commensurate with the scale of the potential investment by the Secretary of Defense, which may include cost information, self-funded risk, financial projections, expenditure rates, estimates of total sales market, and other financial, technical, or management data. (4) The estimated total cost avoidance or increased capacity afforded by the offered product or service in relation to current and future costs of programs and operations that provide the same or similar capabilities. (5) Input from the military user on the potential value added by the improved capabilities or production processes. 825. Extension of the pilot program for streamlining awards for innovative technology projects Section 873 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 3702 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting , a multi-year procurement as defined by section 3501 of title 10, United States Code, a block buy or multi-ship buy authorized by Congress, or the after Small Business Innovation Research Program ; and (2) in subsection (f), by striking October 1, 2024 and inserting October 1, 2029 . 826. Use of fixed-price type contracts for certain shipbuilding programs Section 818 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 ( Public Law 109–364 ; 120 Stat. 2329) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (g) Conditions with respect to certain shipbuilding contracts (1) In general The number of fixed price ships awarded on a contract for the procurement of shipbuilding associated with a major defense acquisition program may not be more than two if— (A) the milestone decision authority authorizes the use of a fixed-price type contract at the time of a decision on Milestone B approval; and (B) the scope of the work of the fixed-price type contract includes both the detail design and construction of items for such major defense acquisition program. (2) Waiver The limitation in paragraph (1) may be waived by the Secretary concerned if written notification of a granted waiver, including certification that basic and functional design are complete, is provided to the congressional defense committees not later than 30 days after issuance of the waiver. (3) Definitions In this subsection: (A) Basic and functional design The term basic and functional design has the meaning provided in section 8669c(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code. (B) Construction The term construction means steel cutting and block fabrication, assembly, and outfitting of blocks, keel laying, and block erection supporting the launch and eventual delivery of a completed ship. (C) Detail design The term detail design means the finalization of design using 3D modeling to enable the generation of work instructions for each block of the ship. These work instructions show detailed system information and support construction, including guidance for subcontractors and suppliers, installation drawings, schedules, material lists, and lists of prefabricated materials and parts. . 827. Modifications to commercial product and commercial service determinations (a) Commercial product and commercial service determinations Section 3456 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking a contract award and inserting a determination described in paragraph (1) ; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: (3) Appeals The Department of Defense shall establish a formal appeals process for contractors when a non-commercial determination is made by a Department of Defense contracting officer. (4) Price reasonableness Should a contracting officer of the Department of Defense determine that the price offered by the contractor is not fair and reasonable, or the contractor denies requests for additional cost or pricing data, then the contracting officer may determine the product or service to be on-commercial. ; and (2) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) by inserting , including a subcontract, after A contract ; (B) by inserting (including any for such product with a prior part number, but same functionality) after for a product ; and (C) by inserting the prior subcontract determination was not issued by a Department of Defense contracting officer or after for purposes of this chapter unless . (b) Exceptions Section 3703(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking commercial product or commercial service ; and (B) by inserting that a product or service is or is not commercial after Department of Defense ; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking a product or service previously determined to be a commercial product or a commercial service using procedures other than and inserting a commercial product or commercial service or a non-commercial product or a non-commercial service using ; and (B) by inserting or a non-commercial product or non-commercial service after authorized for the procurement of a commercial product or a commercial service . 828. Requirement for contractors to provide reasonable access to repair materials (a) In general Chapter 363 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 4663. Requirement for contractors to provide reasonable access to repair materials (a) In general The head of an agency may not enter into a contract for the procurement of goods or services unless the contractor agrees in writing to provide the Department of Defense fair and reasonable access to all the repair materials, including parts, tools, and information, used by the manufacturer or provider or their authorized partners to diagnose, maintain, or repair the good or service. (b) Fair and reasonable access defined In this section, the term fair and reasonable access means, as applicable— (1) provision at prices, terms, and conditions that are equivalent to the most favorable prices, terms, and conditions under which the manufacturer, or an authorized reseller or distributor, offers the part, tool, or information to an authorized repair provider, accounting for any discount, rebate, convenient and timely means of delivery, means of enabling fully restored and updated functionality, rights of use, or other incentive or preference the manufacturer offers to an authorized repair provider; or (2) if a manufacturer does not offer, directly or through an authorized reseller or distributor, the part, tool, or information to any authorized repair provider, provision of such part, tool, or information at prices, terms, and conditions that are otherwise determined to be fair and reasonable by the Government in accordance with this title. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 363 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4662 the following new item: 4663. Requirement for contractors to provide reasonable access to repair materials. . (c) Report Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the implementation of section 4663 of title 10, United States Code, as added by this section, including a description of compliance by the Department with the requirements of such section. C Industrial base matters 841. Domestic nonavailability determinations (a) Public disclosure of domestic nonavailability determinations Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall develop and implement a plan for public disclosure all domestic nonavailability determinations issued by the Department on an annual basis. (b) Requirement for process for periodic re-evaluation of domestic nonavailability determinations Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall establish a process to allow industry to request reassessment of domestic nonavailability determinations made public pursuant to subsection (a) for commercially viable domestic alternatives. (c) Interim briefing on re-evaluation process Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on the status of implementation of the process established under subsection (b). (d) Domestic nonavailability determination definition In this section the term domestic nonavailability determination means a determination made for purposes of providing an availability exception pursuant to section 4862(c) of title 10, United States Code. 842. Pilot program for the qualification of alternative sources (a) Pilot program Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall establish a pilot program for the purposes of expediting the qualification of key technologies critical to the supply chains of a covered program by establishing a process to rapidly qualify a key technology through the military department’s appropriate technical warrant holder. (b) Covered key technologies For the purposes of this pilot program, key technologies include— (1) additive manufacturing; (2) energetics; (3) solid rocket motors; (4) castings and forgings; and (5) unmanned systems. (c) Covered programs For the purposes of this pilot program, each military department shall designate at least one major defense acquisition program (as defined in section 4201 of title 10, United States Code) that has received Milestone C approval (as defined in section 4172(e)(8) of title 10, United States Code) and at least one middle tier acquisition program (as defined in section 804 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 3201 note prec.). (d) Interim briefing Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives with a detailed plan to implement the pilot program required under this section. (e) Annual report Beginning on the date on which the first program is designated under subsection (c) and until the termination date described in subsection (f), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives an annual report on the progress, challenges, and lessons learned in executing this pilot program, including the applicability of applying the expedited qualification process established under the pilot program more broadly across each military department. (f) Sunset The authority to select programs for inclusion in the pilot program established under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2029. 843. Domestic production of stainless steel flatware and dinnerware (a) In general Section 4862(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraphs: (3) Stainless steel flatware. (4) Dinnerware. . (b) Sunset Paragraphs (3) and (4) of section 4862(b) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), are repealed effective December 31, 2027. 844. Inclusion of recycled and reused minerals and metals in preference for sourcing of strategic and critical materials Section 848(b) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ; 134 Stat. 3769; 10 U.S.C. 4811 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by inserting , including processing of strategic and critical materials derived from recycled or reused minerals or metals, after United States ; and (B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting , including such materials derived from recycled or reused minerals or metals, after materials ; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph (D): (D) the development of cost-effective sources of supply of strategic and critical materials derived from recycled or reused minerals or metals; and . 845. Process for consulting on national security import reviews (a) Review process (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a process for investigating and reporting on the national security implications of imports when asked to consult by another Federal agency as part of a national security review of imports, such as under section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 ( 19 U.S.C. 1862 ). (2) Sharing of Department views The Secretary shall design the process required by subsection (a) to ensure that the views of the Department of Defense with respect to the imports being reviewed are shared with the relevant Federal agencies. (b) Annual report Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until 2029, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (1) a list of all imports reviewed as part of the process established under subsection (a) during the year preceding submission of the report; (2) an assessment of the supply chain risks posed by those imports; (3) a plan to mitigate any such risks through actions including stockpiling, increasing domestic production, or acquiring alternative sources; and (4) a description of the roles that treaty allies and major non-NATO allies have in the supply chains for those imports. (c) Definitions In this section: (1) Major non-NATO ally The term major non-NATO ally has the meaning given that term in section 644 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2403 ). (2) National security The term national security — (A) means the protection of the United States from foreign aggression; and (B) does not otherwise include the protection of the general welfare of the United States. (3) Treaty ally The term treaty ally means a country with which the United States has a treaty for collective defense in effect. 846. Solid rocket motor industrial base (a) In general Not later than March 1, 2025, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, acting through the Director of the Joint Production Accelerator Cell and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a roadmap for the future desired state for the solid rocket motor (SRM) industrial base. (b) Coordination In developing this roadmap required under subsection (a), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall coordinate with the following officials: (1) The Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition. (2) The Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Logistics, and Technology. (3) The Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. (4) Service munitions Program Executive Officers, as appropriate. (5) The Director of the Missile Defense Agency. (c) Elements The roadmap under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) The current and future capability and capacity of existing solid rocket motor manufacturers, Aerojet Rocketdyne and Northrop Grumman (formerly Orbital ATK). (2) The capability and capacity of potential new entrants to the solid rocket motor industrial base, including companies funded by the United States Government. (3) An assessment of the process for qualifying new entrants, including new manufacturing processes, for solid rocket motors. (4) An assessment of the capacity and capability of the SRM industrial base to support the demands of existing munitions program of record. (5) An assessment of the capacity and capability of the SRM industrial base to support potential future demands of munitions programs. (6) An assessment of emerging technologies or manufacturing processes that would support the modernization or evolution of the SRM industrial base. (7) A mapping of program of record and anticipated or potential future munitions programs to SRM manufacturer throughput. (8) Identification of current and potential shortfalls in common precursors and chemicals. (9) United States Government funding to date for the SRM industrial base, whether through programs of record or through Defense Production Act (DPA) or Industrial Base Analysis and Sustainment (IBAS) programs, broken out by fiscal year and purpose. (10) A plan to prioritize government funding for energetics facilities in the following precedence: (A) Government-owned, government-operated facilities. (B) Government-owned, contractor-operated facilities. (C) Contractor-owned, contractor-operated facilities. (d) GAO review Not later than June 1, 2025, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of Department of Defense decisions regarding the SRM industry since February 1, 2022, including— (1) the requested levels of funding for munitions using solid rocket motors, broken down by motor diameter; (2) the requested levels of funding for direct investment in government-owned, government-operated facilities, government-owned, contractor-operated facilities, and contractor-owned, contractor-operated facilities; (3) the requested levels of funding for direct investment in the SRM supplier base; (4) the potential adverse effects of prioritizing privately owned SRM production infrastructure over government-owned SRM production infrastructure; and (5) a cost and capabilities comparison between the expansion of existing infrastructure at the Allegany Ballistics Laboratory and construction of new infrastructure at Naval Surface Warfare Center, Indian Head. 847. Pharmaceutical supplier compliance with data submission requirements (a) In general Beginning not later than September 1, 2025, the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency, to the extent feasible, shall require every contractor supplying pharmaceuticals to the Department of Defense to be compliant with the requirement under section 510(j)(3) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 360(j)(3) ) to submit to the Secretary of Health and Human Services the amount of each drug manufactured, prepared, propagated, compounded, or processed by the contractor for commercial distribution. (b) Briefing Not later than September 1, 2026, the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency shall brief the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on the implementation of subsection (a), any challenges in implementing such subsection, and any plans for improving the implementation of such subsection. 848. Report and updated guidance on continued risk management for pharmaceutical supply chains of Department of Defense (a) In general Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall— (1) submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report regarding— (A) existing information streams within the Federal Government, if any, for excipients and key starting materials of drugs that may be used to assess the reliance by the Department of Defense on high-risk foreign suppliers analyzed in the report required under section 860(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 10 U.S.C. 3241 note prec.); (B) active pharmaceutical ingredients, final drug products, and respective excipients and key starting materials analyzed in such report that is produced by each manufacturer in a high-risk foreign country, as determined by the Secretary of Defense; (C) any limitations on the ability of the Secretary to— (i) obtain or analyze the information identified under subparagraphs (A) and (B); and (ii) use data analytics to monitor vulnerabilities in the pharmaceutical supply chain of the Department; (D) how the Secretary plans to address the limitations identified under subparagraph (C); and (E) any recommendations of the Secretary to address those limitations; and (2) update risk management guidance developed by the Under Secretary under section 860(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 to include any relevant findings identified in paragraph (1). (b) FDA determinations The Department of Defense shall rely upon determinations of excipients and key starting materials for final drug products that are made by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or that align with FDA regulations. 849. Report on impact of mergers and acquisitions on the defense industrial base (a) Policy It is the policy of the United States that the defense industrial defense base, its resiliency, and its capacity are core interests of the Department of Defense and United States national security. (b) Report (1) In general Not later than March 15, 2025, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the policies and procedures of the Department of Defense relating to mergers and acquisitions and how these impact the defense industrial base. (2) Elements The report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a review of how Department of Defense Directive 5000.62 has been updated to reflect the policy detailed in subsection (a), or an explanation of why it does not need to be updated to reflect that policy; (B) a five-year roadmap detailing how the Department will enhance the resiliency and increase the capacity of the defense industrial base, especially with a view to increased consolidation in the defense and space sectors; (C) a detailed list of resources required to holistically assess proposed mergers and acquisitions activity relative to the defense industrial base and initiate reviews of any such activity that would have a negative impact on the resiliency, capacity, or competition of the defense industrial base; and (D) guidance and criteria for factors that determine when mergers and acquisitions activity will reach a threshold of risk to the resiliency and capacity of the defense industrial base and therefore merit a review. 850. Defense industrial revitalization (a) National Defense Executive Reserve Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into voluntary agreements with senior executives of traditional and nontraditional defense contractors, including executives from the supplier base, to advise the Secretary on the health of the defense industrial base, including— (1) critical shortages and impediments to production of critical munitions and other war materials, including single points of failure in the production of Department of Defense weapons systems and a plan to bolster each source by diversifying the supply chain; (2) factors that limit the production rates required for critical munitions and weapons systems; (3) workforce issues across the defense industrial base; (4) deconfliction of efforts across the Department of Defense and industry to improve defense industrial base capacity and efficiency; and (5) a process and mechanism for traditional and nontraditional defense contractors to share data on capital expenditures with the Department of Defense. (b) Economic mobilization briefing (1) In general Not later than June 1, 2025, the Secretary, working in consultation with the executives described in subsection (a), shall provide a classified briefing with an unclassified summary to the congressional defense committees on Department of Defense planning assumptions regarding the total or partial mobilization of the economy of the United States for a protracted conventional global war in the event of a national emergency. (2) Elements The briefing required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of the national emergency planning assumptions upon which the Department bases such economic mobilization plans, including a range of cases concerning the triggers for mobilization and the consumption of materiel and munitions expected in each case; (B) a description of the economic mobilization objectives of the Department, to include production goals and the desired timelines to implement those goals, once such mobilization begins; (C) the number and kind of current economic mobilization plans and the most recent dates on which such plans were updated; (D) a projection of the anticipated demands for material, capital, and labor necessary to meet the objectives and timelines described in subparagraph (B), once such mobilization begins; (E) an analysis of the degree to which the Department and the defense industrial base is capable of meeting the objectives and timelines described in subparagraph (B); and (F) an analysis on whether the United States would be well positioned to replenish its forces after any emergency faster than or at a comparable rate to adversaries, given the situation described in subparagraph (E). (c) Economic mobilization plans (1) In general The Secretary shall direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment to lead the completion of interim economic mobilization plans by not later than December 31, 2025, and detailed economic mobilization plans by not later than June 30, 2026, for the purposes of carrying out the total or partial mobilization of the economy of the United States for a sustained conventional global war, in the event of a national emergency. These plans should be informed by the executives described in subsection (a). (2) Elements The plans required under paragraph (1) should include, at a minimum, the following: (A) The information described in subparagraphs (A) though (F) of subsection (b)(2). (B) An assessment of the percentage of material, capital, and labor needs identified pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(D) that the Department is able to meet on the date of the completion of the detailed mobilization plans and the timelines for meeting such percentage. (C) An examination of whether foreign sources of strategic and critical materials and transportation from those sources to the United States or other locations of defense production are militarily secure in the event of an emergency and an assessment of whether those countries are likely to continue supplying such strategic and critical materials in the event of conflict. (3) Notification and summary Upon completion of the detailed mobilization plans required under paragraph (1), and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees that the plans have been completed and shall make a classified summary of the plans available to the congressional defense committees that includes— (A) the degree to which the Secretary considers the industrial base is capable of meeting the objectives and timelines described in subsection (b)(2)(B); and (B) the percentage of material, capital, and labor needs identified in subsection (b)(2)(D) that the Department is able to meet on the date of the report and on the timelines for meeting such percentage. 851. Transparency in acquisition waivers issued by the Department of Defense (a) Policy It is the policy of the United States to build and maintain a robust national security industrial base and supply chain free from materials, parts, supplies, major end items, and services procured from adversarial nations. (b) Public disclosure The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy shall publish all non-sensitive information regarding waivers granted by the Department of Defense on a publicly accessible website. (c) Procedures and guidance Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue procedures and guidance requiring the Office of the Secretary of Defense, military departments and services, defense agencies, and field activities to provide to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy all waiver information necessary to comply with this section. (d) Briefing Not later than October 1, 2025, and annually thereafter for 10 years, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a detailed briefing of all waivers granted by the Department of Defense in the previous calendar year. (e) Form of briefing Each briefing required by subsection (d) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. The classified annex shall include all sensitive information not included in the unclassified form or disclosed publicly as required under subsection (b), including aggregate details of— (1) the number of active waivers; (2) the types of materials, parts, supplies, major end items, and services procured under what waiver; (3) the authority under which active waivers have been issued and when they were last granted; (4) the total cost of all materials, parts, supplies, major end items, and services procured under a waiver from adversarial nations during the last fiscal year and since such waiver was originally granted; and (5) the adversarial nation that any materials, parts, supplies, major end items, or services are being procured from under a waiver. (f) Definitions In this section: (1) Adversarial nation The term adversarial nation means China, Russia, Iran, or North Korea. (2) Appropriate congressional committees The term appropriate congressional committees means the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (3) Waiver The term waiver means any waiver, national security waiver, or domestic non-availability determination granted by any official of the Department of Defense for the procurement, acquisition, or sustainment of any materials, parts, supplies, major end items, or services. 852. Report on capacity to increase domestic industrial production and procurement of strategic and critical materials (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the National Defense Stockpile Manager, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, and such other committees of Congress as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate, a report that assesses the capacity to increase domestic industrial production and procurement of strategic and critical materials during peacetime and in the event of a national emergency. (b) Elements The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A detailed description of— (A) the authorities delegated to the Secretary of Defense under section 306 of Executive Order 13603 ( 50 U.S.C. 4553 note; relating to national defense resources preparedness) and how the Secretary of Defense has implemented those authorities; (B) the capacity of the Secretary of Defense to procure strategic and critical materials for the domestic industrial base from a domestic source for the purposes of those authorities; and (C) any impediments to increasing domestic industrial production and procurement of strategic and critical materials for such purposes. (2) Recommendations regarding— (A) increasing the role of the Secretary of Defense in the production and procurement of strategic and critical materials from domestic sources; and (B) efforts by the Department of Defense to integrate its responsibilities with the responsibilities of other Federal agencies relating to increasing domestic industrial production and procurement of strategic and critical materials during peacetime and in the event of a national emergency (c) Form The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 853. Employment transparency regarding individuals who perform work in the People's Republic of China Section 855 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 10 U.S.C. 4651 note prec.) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii) and moving such clauses, as so redesignated, two ems to the right; (B) by striking If a covered entity and inserting (A) In general .—If a covered company ; and (C) in clause (ii), as so redeignated, by striking performed. and inserting the following: “performed; and (iii) whether an agency or instrumentality of the People’s Republic of China or any non-governmental Chinese company has requested access to data or otherwise acquired data from such covered company pursuant to the People’s Republic of China’s National Intelligence Law of China or any similar legislative or regulatory requirements. (B) Additional disclosure of information and additional measures regarding certain entities (i) In general If a covered company performs service contracts dealing with commercial computer software or noncommercial computer software and is required to make a disclosure under paragraph (1) or (2), such company shall— (I) describe the process for disclosing a software vulnerability, if such company is also required to disclose any software vulnerability to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology or any other agency or instrumentality of the People’s Republic of China; and (II) provide any information related to how a United States affiliate is notified of a flaw described in subclause (I). (ii) Issuance of regulations Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this subparagraph, the Secretary shall revise the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement to ensure that— (I) a company described in clause (i) is notified of any software vulnerability by any affiliated Chinese company within 48 hours of such company entity reporting any software vulnerability to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology or any other agency or instrumentality of the People’s Republic of China; and (II) the company shall retain and furnish to the Department of Defense information regarding any software vulnerability reported to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology or any other agency or instrumentality of the People’s Republic of China. ; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking entities and inserting companies ; and (B) by striking entity both places it appears and inserting company ; and (3) by amending subsection (d)(2) to read as follows: (2) Covered company The term covered company means a contractor offeror that also conducts software development in the People's Republic of China. . 854. Department of Defense manufacturing authorities (a) In general The Secretary of Defense (referred to in this section as the Secretary ) shall seek to enter into contracts for the domestic manufacture of a covered product, in the event that the Secretary determines that— (1) there is a Department of Defense requirement for a covered product that cannot be met by other means; and (2) (A) the covered product is— (i) sourced from a foreign adversary (as defined in section 8(c)(2) of the Secure and Trusted Communications Networks Act of 2019 ( 47 U.S.C. 1607(c)(2) )); (ii) included on the list of essential medicines maintained by the Food and Drug Administration pursuant to Executive Order 13944 (85 Fed. Reg. 49929); (iii) listed by the World Health Organization as an essential medicine; (iv) on the drug shortage list maintained by the Food and Drug Administration under section 506E of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 356e ); (v) used by the Department of Defense but not otherwise commercially available; or (vi) affected by an emergent issue, such as a natural disaster, that hinders existing manufacturing of the product; or (B) other circumstances exist that pose a security risk to the Armed Forces which can be addressed through such manufacture of the covered product. (b) Exception The Secretary is not required to enter into a contract pursuant to subsection (a) if the Secretary is unable to identify an entity with whom to contract for the domestic manufacture of a covered product in sufficient quality and quantity. (c) Consultation The Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of Health and Human Services on establishing domestic facility requirements for the manufacture of covered products pursuant to the Defense Production Act of 1950 ( 50 U.S.C. 4501 et seq. ). (d) Definition In this section, the term covered product means a drug (as defined in section 201(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 321(g) )), including a biological product (as defined in section 351(i) of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 262(i) )), or device (as defined in section 201(h) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 321(h) ), or the primary packaging, active pharmaceutical ingredient, key starting material, or component or part for such a drug or device. (e) Effective date The authority under subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2025. D Small business matters 861. Pilot program for tracking awards made through other transaction authority (a) Pilot program Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall establish a pilot program to enable the Department of Defense to track the number and amounts awarded to small businesses and nontraditional defense contractors performing on transactions using other transaction authority, including those carried out through consortia. In carrying out the pilot program, the Department shall keep any reporting requirements levied upon the businesses to a minimum and shall seek to maximize the use of existing data reporting structures or the expertise of a consortia-manager. (b) Briefings (1) Established process Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the process to carry out the pilot program established under subsection (a). (2) Collected data Not later than one year after the briefing provided under paragraph (1), and continuing until the final briefing provided under paragraph (3), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the awards data the pilot program is collecting. (3) Final data and recommendations Not later than September 30, 2029, the Department shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the final data collected for the pilot program and shall include any recommendations to make the data collection permanent. (c) Sunset The authority to carry out the pilot program under this section shall expire on December 31, 2029. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) Nontraditional defense contractor The term nontraditional defense contractor has the meaning given in section 3014 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Other transaction authority The term other transaction authority has the means the authority provided under sections 4021 and 4022 of title 10, United States Code. (3) Small business The term small business has the meaning given the term small business concern in section 3(a) of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 632(a) ). 862. Small Business Bill of Rights (a) In general The Secretary of Defense, through the Small Business Integration Group led by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, shall develop and adopt a Small Business Bill of Rights for the Department and its components. (b) Purpose The purpose of the Small Business Bill of Rights is to make sure customer service issues and conflicts related to acquisitions are resolved in an expeditious manner at the lowest level possible, increasing the likelihood that small businesses continue to conduct business with the Department, and ultimately fostering a healthier partnership with the defense industrial base. (c) Content The Bill of Rights required under subsection (a) shall— (1) provide authority to small business professionals in the Department of Defense to make inquiries to acquisition professionals related to customer service issues, obtain timely responses, and establish a resolution process construct that all Department of Defense components must adhere to, including reporting appropriate metrics to the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Office of Small Business Programs, and Congress to ensure compliance and identification of trends and solutions; (2) authorize the Secretary of Defense, through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, to establish guidance requiring responses to inquiries within a reasonable and practical time line; (3) require Department of Defense component Small Business Programs Directors to provide office point of contact information to render service during normal duty hours; (4) require Department of Defense components to provide supervisory communication information to mitigate any unresolved inquiries at their level or at the request of the originator; and (5) require Department of Defense components to track and report annual metrics of customer service issues within the Department to the Secretary of Defense and Congress, including information on the type of issue, the component, the resolution, and trends. (d) Report Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall present a briefing to the congressional defense committees detailing the Small Business Bill of Rights and its implementation plan. 863. Pilot program for the participation of military research and educational institutions in the STTR program Section 9 of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 638 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (yy) Pilot program for the participation of military research and educational institutions in the STTR program (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program to enable any undergraduate, graduate, or postgraduate degree-granting military research or educational institution established under title 10, United States Code, to participate in the STTR program of the Department of Defense. (2) Sunset The authority to carry out the pilot program under this subsection shall end on September 30, 2025. . 864. Department of Defense pilot program for preliminary calculation estimates for certain programs Section 9 of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 638 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (yy) Budget calculation pilot program (1) Pilot (A) In general In order to more rapidly estimate allocations for the SBIR and STTR programs of the Department of Defense, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a budget calculation pilot program that requires the calculation of total expenditures for the SBIR and STTR programs in the Department of Defense and determination of related allocations in accordance with subparagraphs (A) and (B), and paragraph (2), respectively. (B) SBIR program Beginning in fiscal year 2025, the Department of Defense shall calculate required budget expenditures for its SBIR program as not less than 3.25 percent of the average of the total research, development, test, and evaluation extramural budget of the Department for the 2 most recent fully obligated fiscal year budgets. (C) STTR program Beginning in fiscal year 2025, the Department of Defense shall calculate required budget expenditures for its STTR program as not less than 0.46 percent of the average of the total research, development, test, and evaluation extramural budget of the Department for the 2 most recent fully obligated fiscal year budgets. (2) Allocations Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of an appropriations bill for the Department of Defense for a fiscal year, the Department shall determine and make adjustments for actual allocations related to the SBIR and STTR programs of the Department. (3) Sunset The pilot program under this subsection shall terminate on September 30, 2025. . E Other matters 871. Small uncrewed aerial systems supply chain strategy (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, the Undersecretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, and the Secretaries of the military departments, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a strategy to develop a secure domestic and allied supply chain of critical components for small uncrewed aerial systems (sUAS). (b) Elements The strategy submitted under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) Identification of the critical components needed for sUAS to meet national defense requirements. (2) Identification of the main sources of supply for such critical components, including— (A) categorization of critical components supplied by a covered foreign country; (B) identification of critical components with an alternative supply from any United States and allied sources; and (C) identification of critical components where an alternative source from the United States or other allied partner might be cultivated or fostered with proper incentives. (3) A description of gaps and vulnerabilities based on requirements and sources of supply, including reliance on a covered foreign country. (4) A plan to develop domestic or allied supply chain to close gaps and vulnerabilities identified in paragraph (3). (5) A description of use of current initiatives and programs to create alternative sources of supply outside of a covered foreign country. (6) Recommendations for utilizing authorities available to the Department of Defense, such as Defense Production Act authorities, the Industrial Base and Sustainment program, loan guarantees, or other programs. (7) Recommendations for incentivizing private sector investment to grow or foster domestic or allied sourcing for critical components for sUAS. (c) Definitions In this section: (1) Covered foreign country The term covered foreign country has the meaning given the term in section 848 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 4871 note). (2) Critical components The term critical components primarily refers to systems described in subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) of section 848(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 4871 note). 872. Modification to extramural acquisition innovation and research activities Section 4142 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (c); (2) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (c),(d), and (e), respectively; and (3) in subsection (e), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking Director and inserting Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment . 873. Modifications to contractor employee protections from reprisal for disclosure of certain information Section 4701(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (6), (7), and (8), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph: (2) Not later than 30 days after receiving an Inspector General report pursuant to subsection (b), the head of the agency concerned shall notify the complainant and the Inspector General, in writing, of either the actions ordered or the decision to deny relief. After such notification, if the head of the agency concerned changes the actions ordered or the decision to deny relief, the head of the agency concerned shall notify the complainant and the Inspector General, in writing, of the change not later than 30 days after the change occurs. ; (3) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by paragraph (1) of this section, by striking paragraph (b)(2)(B) and inserting paragraph (2)(B) of such subsection ; and (4) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking paragraph (2) and inserting paragraph (3) . 874. Modifications to Comptroller General assessment of acquisition programs Section 3072 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking 2026 and inserting 2029 ; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking efforts and inserting initiatives ; (B) by striking paragraph (2) and redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2); (C) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by striking efforts. and inserting initiatives; and ; and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (3) other issues as determined appropriate by the Comptroller General. . 875. Modifications to guidelines and collection method for acquisition of cost data Section 3227(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking $100,000,000 and inserting the major systems threshold defined in section 3041 of this title . 876. Program for distribution support and services for contractors Section 883 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 10 U.S.C. 4292 note prec.) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking Pilot program for distribution support and services for weapon systems contractors and inserting Program for distribution support and services for contractors ; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking eight-year pilot ; and (B) by striking for the production, modification, maintenance, or repair of a weapon system that is ; (3) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) by striking Not more than five support contracts and inserting Not more than 30 support contracts ; and (B) by striking pilot ; (4) in subsection (c), by striking contract described in subsection (a) are storage and distribution and inserting contract entered into by the Department include storage and distribution ; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking pilot each place it appears; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking A requirement for the solicitation of offers for a contract described in subsection (a), for which storage and distribution services are to be made available and inserting A requirement to notify a contractor or potential contractor for which storage and distribution services are to be made available ; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking to any contractor awarded the contract, but only ; and (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking that are to be made available and inserting that are available ; and (C) in paragraph (6), by striking include a clause to indemnify the Government against any failure by the contractor to perform the support contract, and to remain responsible and inserting include a requirement that any failure by the contractor to perform the supported contract is not excusable based on use of the support contract, and the contractor is to remain responsible ; (6) in subsection (e), by striking pilot ; and (7) by striking subsections (f) and (g) and inserting the following: (f) Briefings Not later than April 1, 2025, and annually thereafter for five years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report describing— (1) the cost effectiveness for both the Government and industry of the program; (2) how support contracts under the program affected meeting the requirements of primary contracts; and (3) the number of and location of existing contracts. . 877. Inclusion of Japan and the Republic of Korea in contested logistics demonstration and prototyping program Section 842(h)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (D), (F), and (G), respectively; (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: (C) Japan; ; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D), as redesignated by paragraph (1), the following new subparagraph: (E) the Republic of Korea; . 878. Modification to limitation on acquisition of excess supplies Section 3070 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting , or in the case of ship maintenance, overhaul, and repair, in excess of five years of operating stocks after in excess of two years of operating stocks ; and (2) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting , to protect against identified risk of supply chain disruptions, before or for other reasons of national security . 879. Technical edits to sourcing requirements for strategic materials and sensitive materials (a) Strategic materials Section 4863 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by striking Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of the military department concerned determines and inserting Secretary of Defense determines ; and (B) by inserting at a reasonable price after when needed ; and (2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking Acquisitions outside the United States in support of combat operations or in support of contingency operations and inserting Acquisitions in support of contingency operations or for use outside of the United States . (b) Sensitive materials Section 4872(c)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the sale of any covered material described under subsection (a)(1) by the Secretary outside of the United States for use outside of the United States and inserting the sale of any covered material described under subsection (a)(1) by the Secretary outside of the United States in support of contingency operations for use outside of the United States . 880. Technical amendments to title 10, United States Code, and other provisions of law (a) Technical amendments to title 10 Title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1) In section 3221(b)(6)(A)— (A) in clause (iii), by striking the semicolon and inserting ; and ; (B) by striking clause (iv); and (C) by redesignating clause (v) as clause (iv). (2) In section 3225(3)(B), by striking , or the next quarterly report pursuant to section 2445c of this title in the case of a major automated information system program . (3) In section 3671(b)(5)— (A) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C); (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking the semicolon and inserting a period; and (C) in that matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking subsection if—(A) funds and inserting subsection if funds . (4) In section 4141(a)(2), by striking section 2304 and inserting section 3204 . (5) In section 4204, by striking subsection (f). (6) In section 4211— (A) by striking major automated information system each place it appears; and (B) in subsection (c)(2)(H), by striking sections 3501 through 3511 and inserting section 3501 . (7) In section 4505(h)(6), by striking section 4505(g)(5) of this title and inserting paragraph (4) . (8) In section 4816(b)(6), by striking section 2430 of this title or major automated information systems (as defined in section 2445a of this title) and inserting section 4201 of this title . (b) Other technical amendments (1) The following provisions of law are hereby repealed: (A) Section 805 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 ( Public Law 108–136 ; 117 Stat. 1542). (B) Section 806 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 ( Public Law 109–163 ; 119 Stat. 3373). (C) Sections 886 and 892 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 ( Public Law 110–181 ; 122 Stat. 266, 270). (D) Section 127 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 ( Public Law 111–383 ; 111 Stat. 4161). (E) Sections 828 and 1056 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 129 Stat. 910, 984). (F) Sections 235 and 1692 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 130 Stat. 2064, 2636). (2) Section 863(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 ( Public Law 111–383 ; 124 Stat. 4293) is amended by striking Air Force, and inserting Air Force, the Chief of Space Operations, . (3) Section 844 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 ( Public Law 112–81 ; 125 Stat. 1515) is amended— (A) by striking subsections (a) and (b); and (B) in subsection (c), by striking (c) Annual Report on Contracting in Iraq and Afghanistan .—Section and inserting Section ; and (4) Paragraph (6) of section 913(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ; 131 Stat. 1523) is amended by striking of the Air Force, and inserting of the Air Force, the Chief of Space Operations, . (5) Paragraph (3) of section 862(d) of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 10 U.S.C. 4811 note) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period and inserting ; and ; (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (D) the Chief of Space Operations, with respect to matters concerning the Space Force. . 881. Pilot program for commercial production of munitions (a) Establishment of pilot program The Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program for the licensed production by commercial companies of eligible munitions, munitions test platforms, and mission systems content for such munitions that meet the criteria described in subsection (b). (b) Criteria for eligible munitions Munitions, munitions test platforms, and mission systems eligible for the pilot program include— (1) weapons systems or munitions with inventory levels below the Total Munitions Requirement (TMR); (2) weapons systems, munitions, or test platforms that could fill gaps of munitions below the TMR or that could credibly contribute to delivering similar effects as munitions with programs of record; and (3) munitions, munitions test platforms, or major mission systems content for which the current intellectual property holder or production company assents to participation in the pilot program. (c) Selection of munitions Not later than April 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a minimum of two and a maximum of four munitions, munitions test platforms, or major munition mission systems content, from at least two military departments, for inclusion in the pilot program established under subsection (a). (d) Reimbursement The Secretary of Defense may reimburse current intellectual property holders, production companies, and commercial companies for expenses incurred under the pilot program. (e) Use of innovative intellectual property strategies The Secretary of Defense may use the authority to use innovative intellectual property strategies pursuant to section 808 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 10 U.S.C. 3791 note) to carry out the pilot program established under subsection (a). (f) Briefing requirement Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the congressional defense committees on the status and progress of the pilot program. (g) Sunset The pilot program established under subsection (a) shall terminate 5 years after establishment. 882. Pilot program on use of reverse engineering for production of parts (a) Pilot program required Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency, commence carrying out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of producing parts through reverse engineering or re-engineering. (b) Identification of parts; procedures In carrying out the pilot program required by subsection (a), the Under Secretary shall, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency— (1) identify parts for which technical data is not available; and (2) create streamlined procedures for production of a part identified under paragraph (1) through reverse engineering or re-engineering— (A) when production of the part may be required under a condition of contested logistics and necessitate point of use manufacturing; (B) where the developer of the part will not meet the schedule for deliver required by the contracting officer to maintain weapon system readiness or responsiveness in the event of mobilization; or (C) when the head of the contracting activity applicable to the part certifies in writing that the Department would benefit from production of the part through reverse engineering or re-engineering to sustain training or operations for sole-source parts. (c) Annual report (1) In general Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the date specified in subsection (d), the Under Secretary shall, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency, submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot program carried out under subsection (a). (2) Contents The report submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A list of parts produced through reverse engineering or re-engineering, disaggregated by military department and component of the Department of Defense, including the use case of each part and whether the part was previously procured under a sole-source. (B) An identification of cost or time saving that was obtained through the use of reverse engineering or re-engineering for the production of a part under the pilot program. (C) Recommendations and lessons learned from the pilot program that can inform contracting guidance and procedures, especially regarding the procurement of technical data rights. (d) Sunset The pilot program required by subsection (a) shall terminate on December 31, 2030. 883. Prohibition on operation, procurement, and contracting related to foreign-made light detection and ranging technology used on manned or unmanned systems (a) Prohibition The Secretary of Defense shall not operate or enter into or renew a contract for the procurement of— (1) any covered light detection and ranging technology— (A) that is used on manned or unmanned systems; (B) that is manufactured by a covered light detection and ranging company; and (C) that— (i) is manufactured in a covered foreign country or by an entity domiciled in a covered foreign country; (ii) uses operating software developed in a covered foreign country or by an entity domiciled in a covered foreign country; or (iii) uses network connectivity or data storage located in a covered foreign country or administered by an entity domiciled in a covered foreign country; or (2) any system that incorporates, interfaces with, or otherwise uses covered light detection and ranging technology described in paragraph (1). (b) Exemption The prohibition under subsection (a) shall not apply if the operation, procurement, or contracting action is for the purposes of intelligence, electronic warfare, or information warfare operations, testing, analysis, or training. (c) Waiver The Secretary of Defense may waive the prohibition under subsection (a) on a case-by-case basis if the Secretary certifies, in writing, to the congressional defense committees that the operation, procurement, or contracting action is required in the national interest of the United States. (d) Effective date The prohibition under subsection (a) shall take effect on June 30, 2026. (e) Definitions In this section: (1) Covered foreign country The term covered foreign country means any of the following: (A) The People’s Republic of China. (B) The Islamic Republic of Iran. (C) The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (D) The Russian Federation. (2) Covered light detection and ranging company The term covered light detection and ranging company means any of the following: (A) Hesai Technology. (B) RoboSense Technology Co. (C) ZVISION Technologies Co., Ltd. (D) Any subsidiary or affiliate of a company referred to in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C). (E) Any entity that produces or provides light detection and ranging technology and that is included on— (i) the Consolidated Screening List maintained by the International Trade Administration of the Department of Commerce; (ii) the Non-SDN Chinese Military-Industrial Complex Companies List maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of by the Department of the Treasury; or (iii) the list of Chinese military companies maintained under section 1260H of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ; 134 Stat. 3965; 10 U.S.C. 113 note). (F) Any entity that produces or provides light detection and ranging technology and that— (i) is domiciled in a covered foreign country; or (ii) is under the ownership, control, or influence of a covered foreign country, as determined by the Secretary of Defense in accordance with the National Industrial Security Program (or any successor program). (3) Covered light detection and ranging technology The term covered light detection and ranging technology means light detection and ranging technology (commonly referred to as LiDAR technology ) and any related services and equipment. (4) Light detection and ranging; LiDAR The terms light detection and ranging and LiDAR mean a sensor that emits light, often in the form of a pulsed or modulated laser, and scans or flashes the environment to detect and measure the range of its surroundings. 884. Reports on Joint Warfighter Cloud Capability contracts (a) Task order reports (1) Report requirement (A) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and on a biannual basis thereafter until September 30, 2030, the Director of the Defense Information Systems Agency shall produce a report on the contracts relating to the Joint Warfighter Cloud Capability entered into by the Department of Defense in December 2022 for commercial cloud services for the Department. (B) Elements Each report required by subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i) The number and value of all task orders issued under the contracts described in such subparagraph, disaggregated by vendor, for each military service or Department of Defense component. (ii) The duration of each such task order. (iii) The number of sole source task orders issued compared to the number of task orders issued on a competitive basis under such contracts. (2) Data sharing The head of each Department component or military service shall share such data with the Chief Information Officer of the Department as the Chief Information Officer determines necessary to prepare the reports required by paragraph (1)(A). (3) Publication The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs, shall ensure that the reports required by paragraph (1)(A) are made available to the public by— (A) posting a publicly releasable version of the report; and (B) upon request, transmitting the releasable version of those reports. (b) Sole source task order reports (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and on a semiannual basis thereafter, the head of each Department component or military service shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report on any sole source task orders awarded by such head under the contracts described in subsection (a)(1)(A). (2) Elements Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to the task order concerned, the following: (A) A description of the order. (B) A summary of services provided under the order. (C) The value of the order. (D) The justification for awarding the order on a sole source basis. (E) An identification of the vendor awarded the order. 885. Phase-out of computer and printer acquisitions involving entities owned or controlled by China (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall procure computers and printers produced by manufacturers that are not covered Chinese entities in accordance with the percentage thresholds specified in subsection (b). (b) Required percentages The percentage thresholds referred to in subsection (a) are, for both computers and printers, as follows: (1) Not less than 10 percent of the Department's total procurement beginning in fiscal year 2026. (2) Not less than 25 percent of the Department's total procurement beginning in fiscal year 2027. (3) Not less than 50 percent of the Department's total procurement beginning in fiscal year 2028. (4) Not less than 95 percent of the Department's total procurement beginning in fiscal year 2029. (c) Waiver The Secretary of Defense may waive the applicable percentage limitations specified in subsection (b) if the computers or printers cannot be produced in compliance with such limitations in the required quality or quantity or at a reasonable cost. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) Computer The term computer — (A) means an electronic, magnetic, optical, electrochemical, or other high speed data processing device performing logical, arithmetic, or storage functions, and includes any data storage facility or communications facility directly related to or operating in conjunction with such device; and (B) does not include an automated typewriter or typesetter, a portable handheld calculator, or other similar device. (2) Covered Chinese entity The term covered Chinese entity means an entity that— (A) is wholly owned by the Government of the People's Republic of China; or (B) has been determined by the Secretary of Defense to be under the ownership, control, or influence of the Government of the People's Republic of China. (3) Manufacturer The term manufacturer means— (A) the entity that transforms raw materials, miscellaneous parts, or components into the end item; (B) any entity that subcontracts with the entity described in subparagraph (A) for the entity described in such subparagraph to transform raw materials, miscellaneous parts, or components into the end item; (C) any entity that otherwise directs the entity described in subparagraph (A) to transform raw materials, miscellaneous parts, or components into the end item; or (D) any parent company, subsidiary, or affiliate of the entity described in subparagraph (A). (4) Printer The term printer — (A) means desktop printers, multifunction printer copiers, and printer/fax combinations taken out of service that may or may not be designed to reside on a work surface, and include various print technologies, including laser and LED (electrographic), ink jet, dot matrix, thermal, and digital sublimation, and "multi-function" or "all-in-one" devices that perform different tasks, including copying, scanning, faxing, and printing; (B) includes floor-standing printers, printers with optional floor stand, or household printers; and (C) does not include point of sale (POS) receipt printers, calculators with printing capabilities, label makers, or non-standalone printers that are embedded into products that are not covered by the definition in subparagraphs (A) and (B). 886. Prohibition on Department of Defense contracts with Chinese-owned online tutoring services (a) Prohibition The Department of Defense shall terminate any existing contracts as soon as legally possible, and shall not contract in the future, with any company who provides online tutoring services that is owned or controlled by nationals of the People’s Republic of China. (b) Effective date The prohibition under section (a) shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 887. Requirement to procure domestically produced generic drugs (a) In general Subchapter II of chapter 385 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 4865. Requirement to procure domestically produced generic drugs (a) In general The head of a military service or Department of Defense agency or field activity may not enter into a contract for the procurement of generic drugs specified on the list in subsection (c), unless the generic drugs— (1) are manufactured in the United States; and (2) use active pharmaceutical ingredients and key starting materials sourced from— (A) the United States; or (B) a foreign country or instrumentality designated under subsection (b) of section 301 of the Trade Agreements Act of 1979 ( 19 U.S.C. 2511 ) for purposes of the waiver authority under subsection (a) of that section. (b) Availability exception (1) Subsection (a) does not apply to the head of military service or Department of Defense agency or field activity if the head determines that satisfactory quality and sufficient quantity of a generic drug described in subsection (a) cannot be procured in sufficient quantities to meet military needs or as and when needed at United States market prices. (2) The Secretary of Defense shall notify Congress not less than 15 days after the Department exercises a waiver under paragraph (1). (c) Defense-relevant generic drug list Not later than October 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall develop and maintain a list of defense-relevant generic drugs, based on the risk management framework developed under section 860 of the James National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–347 ; 10 U.S.C. note prec. 3241). (d) Definitions In this section: (1) Active pharmaceutical ingredient The term active pharmaceutical ingredient has the meaning given such term in section 744A(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. (2) Generic drug The term generic drug means a drug approved under subsection (b)(2) or (j) of section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 355 ) or licensed under section 351(k) of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 262(k) ). (3) Key starting material The term key starting material means a raw material, an intermediate, or an active pharmaceutical ingredient that is used in the production of an active pharmaceutical ingredient and that is incorporated as a significant structural fragment into the structure of the active pharmaceutical ingredient. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4662 the following new item: 4865. Requirement to procure domestically produced generic drugs. . (c) Effective date The amendments made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2025. 888. Procurement of Department of Defense advanced chemistry batteries (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall procure advanced batteries and cells whose electrode active materials and technology, whether as end items or embedded within warfighting and support systems, are sourced, refined, and produced by non-foreign entities of concern in accordance with the percentage thresholds specified in subsection (b). (b) Required percentages The percentage thresholds referred to in subsection (a) are as follows: (1) Not less than 10 percent of the Department's total advanced battery procurement beginning in fiscal year 2026. (2) Not less than 20 percent of the Department's total advanced battery procurement beginning in fiscal year 2027. (3) Not less than 40 percent of the Department's total advanced battery procurement beginning in fiscal year 2028. (4) Not less than 80 percent of the Department's total advanced battery procurement beginning in fiscal year 2029. (c) Sourcing and production For purposes of this section, a battery or cell shall be considered compliant with the requirement under subsection (a) if— (1) the final product is assembled or manufactured in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, or Japan; (2) more than 95 percent of the electrode active materials and the remaining battery cell components by value originates from sources other than foreign entities of concern (including derivatives, successors, or affiliates of foreign entities of concern); and (3) the production of such battery or cells does not require licensing of technology from a foreign entity of concern or a derivative, successor, or affiliate of a foreign entity of concern. (d) Waiver The Secretary of Defense may waive the percentage limitations specified in subsection (a) if the batteries and cells cannot be produced in compliance with such limitations in the required quality or quantity or at a reasonable cost. (e) Report Not later than December 1, 2025, and annually thereafter for three years, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the status of meeting the requirements under subsection (a). (f) Definitions In this section: (1) Advanced batteries The term advanced batteries has the meaning given the term in section 40207(a) of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( 42 U.S.C. 18741(a) ). (2) Electrode active materials The term electrode active materials means cathode materials, anode materials, anode foils, and electrochemically active materials, including solvents, additives, and electrolyte salts that contribute to the electrochemical processes necessary for energy storage. (3) Foreign entity of concern The term foreign entity of concern has the meaning given the term in section 40207(a) of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ( 42 U.S.C. 18741(a) ). 889. Prohibition on procurement and commissary sales of seafood originating or processed in China (a) Prohibition on procurement of seafood originating or processed in China for military dining facilities (1) In general Except as provided in paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense may not enter into a contract for the procurement of seafood that originates or is processed in the People's Republic of China for use in military dining facilities, including galleys onboard United States naval vessels. (2) Exceptions (A) Undue burden The Secretary of Defense, or a designee of the Secretary, may grant exceptions to the prohibition under paragraph (1) to facilities on military installations located outside of the United States if such prohibition would unduly burden or prevent seafood from being served at such facility. (B) United States vessels visiting foreign ports The Secretary of Defense, or a designee of the Secretary, may grant exceptions to the prohibition under paragraph (1) to United States vessels visiting foreign ports. (b) Prohibition on sales of seafood originating in the People's Republic of China at commissary stores (1) In general Section 2484 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 629, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (m) Prohibition on sales of seafood originating in the People's Republic of China Raw or processed seafood or seafood products originating in the People's Republic of China may not be sold at commissary stores. . (2) Briefing on compliance Section 2481(c)(4) of such title is amended— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraph (E): (E) an assessment of compliance with the prohibition under section 2484(l) of this title; and . (3) Transition rules (A) Applicability The prohibition under subsection (l) of section 2484 of title 10, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), shall apply on and after the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) Disposal of remaining stock The Director of the Defense Commissary Agency may determine how to dispose of any stock covered by the prohibition under subsection (l) of section 2484 of title 10, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), that remains as of the date described in subparagraph (A). (c) Effective date The prohibitions under this section, and the amendments made by this section, shall take effect 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 890. Extension of post-government restrictions on senior Department of Defense officials seeking employment with defense contractors Section 847(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 ( Public Law 110–181 ; 10 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by striking within two years after leaving service and inserting within four years after leaving service . IX Department of Defense Organization and Management A Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters 901. Requirement to notify Congress when Deputy Secretary of Defense is performing functions and duties of Secretary of Defense Section 132(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting (1) after (b) ; (2) by striking The Deputy Secretary shall act and inserting the following: (2) (A) The Deputy Secretary shall act ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (B) If the Secretary is unable to perform the functions and duties of the office as described in subparagraph (A), the Deputy Secretary, or any other individual performing such functions and duties, shall, not later than 24 hours before any planned transfer of such functions and duties or 24 hours after any unplanned transfer of such functions and duties, notify the following of the transfer: (i) The Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the majority and minority leaders of the Senate. (ii) The Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, the Speaker, and the minority leader of the House of Representatives. . 902. Increase in authorized number of Deputy Assistant Secretaries of Defense Section 138(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking 60 and inserting 62 . 903. Matters relating to Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict (a) In general Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) implement a systematic approach to identify and update Department of Defense policies, processes, and policy guidance to institutionalize the responsibilities of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict (in this section referred to as the Assistant Secretary ) for the authority, direction, and control of all special-operations peculiar administrative matters relating to the organization, training, and equipping of special operations forces in accordance with section 138(b)(2)(A)(i) of title 10, United States Code, including matters related to the oversight by the Assistant Secretary of special operations budgeting and programming, legislative affairs, operations, personnel, and public affairs activities and protocol for participation in decision-making fora of the Department involving special operations forces; (2) develop a long-term staffing plan for the Secretariat for Special Operations established under section 139b(a) of title 10, United States Code, that incorporates strategic workforce planning principles, including an articulation of the mission of the Secretariat, an identification of critical skill gaps, and a strategy to hire personnel to address such gaps; (3) produce written departmental guidance to clarify the respective administrative roles of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and the Assistant Secretary, including to ensure adequate support for the Secretariat from Washington Headquarters Services, the Office of the Director of Administration and Management, Joint Service Provider, and other administrative offices of the Department; (4) produce written departmental guidance for the hiring of personnel, the establishment of permanent office space in the Pentagon, the provision of information technology equipment and services, and other administrative requirements for the Secretariat; (5) establish a process for development, coordination, and issuance by the Assistant Secretary of special operations instructions and other Department-wide policies, instructions, directive-type memorandums, or other documents consistent with the responsibilities assigned to the Assistant Secretary; (6) establish a process for the Assistant Secretary and the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command to monitor the promotions of special operations forces and coordinate with the military departments regarding the assignment, retention, training, professional military education, and special and incentive pays of special operations forces consistent with the responsibilities assigned to the Assistant Secretary and the Commander; and (7) establish a Center for Special Operations Analysis to lead special operations-related analysis for the Department and ensure senior civilian and military leaders have adequate analytical support for decision making related to the organization, training, equipping, and employment of special operations forces. (b) Plan required Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan, including appropriate milestones and timelines for completion, for achieving the requirements under subsection (a). 904. Enhanced coordination on international cooperation activities (a) Planning and attendance for certain bilateral meetings In order to improve understanding of the techno-economic implications of acquisition-related international cooperation activities, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy shall include the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for International and Industry Engagement in the planning for and attendance at any bilateral meeting with the government of a country that is an ally or partner of the United States in which international cooperation related to foreign military sales, technology acquisition or sustainment, or logistics or industrial base coordination or mobilization, is a likely topic. (b) Study on capacity for expanded international cooperation activities (1) In general Not later than March 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a contract with a nonprofit organization under which that organization— (A) conducts a study with respect to whether the organization, resourcing, manning, and training of the Department of Defense for international cooperation activities is sufficient to support expanded demand for security cooperation activities with countries that are allies and partners of the United States; and (B) submits to the Secretary a report on the results of the study. (2) Elements The study conducted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the roles and responsibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for International and Industry Engagement, and any other officials the Secretary considers appropriate to include, to reduce overlap and increase cooperation between components of the Department of Defense with respect to international cooperation activities. (B) An identification and assessment of mechanisms for coordination with the Department of State with respect to such activities. (C) An identification and assessment of existing tools in the Department to support international cooperation, including the Global Research Watch program and the international research offices of the military departments. (D) An identification of industry fora, training or wargaming opportunities, and exercise events that could be leveraged to support increased international cooperation activities. (E) An assessment of the success, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, in integrating the defense industrial bases of the United States and countries that are allies and partners of the United States, including recommendations with respect to— (i) goals for the end-state of that integration; and (ii) how to integrate of those goals into the strategic planning documents and guidance of the Department. (F) An identification of additional opportunities for international defense industrial base cooperation and specific challenges to acting on those opportunities. (3) Submission to Congress Not later than September 1, 2025, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (A) the report of the nonprofit organization under paragraph (1)(B); and (B) any comments of the Secretary with respect to that report. (4) Nonprofit organization defined In this subsection, the term nonprofit organization means an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code. 905. Force sizing analysis for strategic competition (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a methodology for analyzing United States military force sizing necessary to conduct activities of the Department of Defense in support of strategic competition. (b) Considerations In developing the methodology required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider, at a minimum, the United States military forces necessary for activities short of traditional armed conflict, including the following: (1) Campaigning. (2) Building capacity of and security cooperation with partner countries. (3) Foreign internal defense. (4) Information operations. (5) Civil affairs. (6) Irregular warfare. (c) Report required Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the methodology developed under subsection (a) that includes, at a minimum, the following: (1) An explanation of the methodology and how the methodology is intended to be applied to future force sizing analysis. (2) An articulation of the roles and responsibilities of relevant officials, branches of the Armed Forces, and commands in utilizing the methodology. (3) Such other matters as the Secretary considers relevant. 906. Inclusion in Defense Planning Guidance of guidance on size, structure, and posture of special operations forces (a) In general As part of the annual Defense Planning Guidance issued under section 113(g)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall include guidance with respect to the size, structure, posture, and other force development planning priorities specific to special operations forces. (b) Report required (1) In general Not later than March 1, 2025, and annually thereafter for five years, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing how the Defense Planning Guidance issued under section 113(g)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, specifically accounts for the size, structure, posture, and other force development planning priorities specific to special operations forces necessary— (A) to support the National Defense Strategy under section 113(g)(1) of that title; and (B) to carry out the special operations activities specified in section 167(k) of that title. (2) Elements The annual report required by paragraph (1) shall, at a minimum, describe specific actions taken by the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Air Force, and the Secretary of the Navy to coordinate requirements for the organization, training, and equipping of special operations forces with the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict, consistent with responsibilities and authorities of the Assistant Secretary under section 138(b)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, in order to achieve concepts and goals of— (A) the National Defense Strategy; (B) the Joint Warfighting Concept; (C) the Joint Concept for Competing; and (D) the Strategy for Operations in the Information Environment. 907. Review of Biodefense Posture Review (a) In general Not later than December 31, 2026, and December 31, 2029, the Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Biodefense Council, offer to provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the Biodefense Posture Review. (b) Elements Each briefing provided under subsection (a) shall include an assessment of the following: (1) The current strategy and capabilities of the Department of Defense relating to defending the United States Armed Forces against bioincidents and the ability to campaign and, if necessary, fight and win in a biological threat environment. (2) Changes to policy, law, or appropriations necessary to enhance the effectiveness of the biodefense capabilities of the Department. (3) Such other such matters as the Council considers appropriate. 908. Plan for adequate staffing of Office of Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy and Joint Production Accelerator Cell (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for adequately staffing the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy and the Joint Production Accelerator Cell to advise and generate options for the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment relating to the duties described in section 133b(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, including supply chain analysis, supplier health analysis, production capacity analysis, and such other analysis as the Under Secretary may require. (b) Elements The plan required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An estimate of— (A) the number of personnel necessary to fulfill the responsibilities of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy and the Joint Production Accelerator Cell in supporting the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment relating to the duties described in section 133b(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code; and (B) associated funding across the period covered by the most recent future-years defense program under section 221 of that title. (2) A hiring plan, with milestones, for gradually increasing the number of personnel in the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy and the Joint Production Accelerator Cell to the number described in paragraph (1)(A). (3) A breakdown of the optimal mix of military, civilian, and contractor personnel in the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy and the Joint Production Accelerator Cell. (4) An identification of any anticipated funding shortfalls for personnel in the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy and the Joint Production Accelerator Cell across the period covered by the most recent future-years defense program. (5) Any other matters the Secretary determines relevant. 909. Establishment of Chief Management Officer; elevation of Director of Administration and Management (a) Establishment of Chief Management Officer (1) In general Chapter 4 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 132 the following new section: 133. Chief Management Officer (a) Establishment (1) Appointment There is a Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, appointed from civilian life by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. (2) Performance improvement officer The Chief Management Officer shall oversee all duties of the Performance Improvement Officer of the Department of Defense. (3) Qualifications The Chief Management Officer shall be appointed from among persons who have an extensive management or business background and experience with managing large or complex organizations. (b) Responsibilities Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of Defense and the Deputy Secretary of Defense, the Chief Management Officer shall perform such duties and exercise such powers as the Secretary or the Deputy Secretary may prescribe, including the following: (1) Responsibility for establishment and implementation of the Department of Defense Strategic Management Plan. (2) Responsibility for the Defense Performance Improvement Council. (3) Responsibility for the Defense Performance Improvement Framework, as established under section 125a of this title. (4) Responsibility for the execution of not less than two Defense Management Action Group agendas annually relating to the Strategic Management Plan. (5) Oversight of transformational business modernization of the Department of Defense. (6) Oversight of implementation of solutions to solve issues identified by the High Risk List, and other recommendations, of the Government Accountability Office. (7) Serving as the lead official devoted to modernizing the business processes of the Department that serve as the baseline for all external acquisition and internal operations. (8) Oversight and management of the Defense Management Institute. (9) Serving as an ex officio member of the Defense Business Council. (10) Maintaining convening authority within the Department for the responsibilities described in this subsection, and in accordance with the precedence described in subsection (c). (c) Precedence The Chief Management Officer takes precedence in the Department of Defense after the Secretary of Defense and the Deputy Secretary of Defense. (d) Compensation The Chief Management Officer shall be compensated at the rate payable for level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5. . (2) Compensation of Chief Management Officer Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the following new item: Chief Management Officer, Department of Defense. . (3) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 4 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 132 the following new item: 133. Chief Management Officer. . (b) Guidance required Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) issue guidance to clearly delineate the authorities and responsibilities of the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense; and (2) provide a charter for the position of the Chief Management Officer to fully vest the authority of the Chief Management Officer within the Department of Defense. (c) Defense Management Institute staffing requirement The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study to identify the appropriate staffing requirement in support the role of the Chief Management Officer in overseeing the Defense Management Institute under section 133 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (d) Government Accountability Office review The Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) review the duties, staffing, and funding of the Performance Improvement Officer of the Department of Defense as of the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) make recommendations with respect to the necessity of expanding the duties and staffing, and increasing funding, for the Performance Improvement Officer. (e) Elevation of Director of Administration and Management (1) In general The individual serving as the Director of Administration and Management of the Department of Defense on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act shall serve, on and after that date, as the Chief Management Officer established by section 133 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (2) References On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, any reference in any law or regulation to the Director of Administration and Management shall be deemed to be a reference to the Chief Management Officer. B Other Department of Defense Organization and Management Matters 911. Establishment of Office of Expanded Competition (a) In general Chapter 903 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 9025. Office of Expanded Competition (a) Establishment There is in the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force an office to be known as the Office of Expanded Competition (in this section referred to as the Office ). (b) Director The head of the Office shall be the Director, who shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Air Force from among employees of the Department of Defense in Senior Executive Service positions (as defined in section 3132 of title 5). (c) Duties The Office shall, using authorities available to the Department of Defense before the date of the enactment of this section— (1) conduct coordinated and integrated analysis of adversarial capital flows into industries or businesses of interest to the Department; (2) identify and prioritize promising critical technologies and assets for the Department in need of capital assistance, including with foreign entities; (3) fund investments in such technologies and assets, including supply chain technologies not always supported through direct investment; (4) support coordination and outreach with technology scouting and acquisition elements of the Department to support the investment decision-making of those elements and consideration of how to counteract entities employing adversarial capital flows against industries or businesses described in paragraph (1), including the employment of relevant authorities vested in other components of the Department and the Federal Government; (5) identify, accelerate, and sustain the establishment, research, development, construction, procurement, leasing, consolidation, alteration, improvement, modernization, and repair of tangible and intangible assets vital to the national security of the United States; (6) help the Department provide capital assistance to entities, including foreign entities, engaged in investments that facilitate the efforts of the Secretary; (7) experiment, prototype, test, or validate Government-developed or commercially developed analytical tools, processes, and tradecraft to improve the due diligence and investment analysis processes for the Department; and (8) assist the Secretary of Defense in developing access and placement using commercial means. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) Adversarial capital flow The term adversarial capital flow means an investment by— (A) the government of a country that is an adversary of the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of, or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of, such a country. (2) Capital assistance The term capital assistance means a loan, loan guarantee, or technical assistance. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 9025. Office of Expanded Competition. . 912. Joint Federated Assurance Center (a) In general Subchapter III of chapter 303 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 4128. Joint Federated Assurance Center (a) Establishment There is in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering a Joint Federated Assurance Center (in this section referred to as the Center ). (b) Purpose The purpose of the Center shall be to serve as a joint, Department-wide federation of capabilities to support the assurance needs of the Department of Defense by ensuring, pursuant to policies related to hardware and software assurance and supply chain risk management, that the software and hardware developed, acquired, maintained, and used by the Department are free from intentional and unintentional vulnerability during the life-cycle of development and deployment of assured, trustworthy defense systems. (c) Duties In carrying out the purpose described in subsection (b), the Center shall maintain capabilities for the following: (1) Knowledge management for hardware and software assurance— (A) to serve as the central repository for knowledge and best practices— (i) to gain Department-wide visibility on strategy, use cases, procurement, investment, and other relevant activities; (ii) to aggregate, where practicable, purchases by the Department; and (iii) to maximize the influence of the Department on the marketplace; (B) to coordinate and improve Department and program-specific part selection and management, as well as forecasted needs and resulting procurement; (C) to enable and facilitate access to a universal platform, including a common interface and nomenclature, across the Department and supporting agencies; and (D) to develop and standardize policies, procedures, and independent validation and verification test capabilities— (i) in support of timely fielding of current and future technologies to the armed forces; (ii) to increase efficiencies to leverage emerging technologies; (iii) to increase resiliency of systems; (iv) to leverage economies of scale; and (v) to support other relevant purposes. (2) Assurance capabilities for hardware and software assurance— (A) to mature assessment criteria and enable scalable deployment of commercial best practices for evidence-based assurance of trusted defense microelectronics system needs, with emphasis on commercial security protocols that are transferable to defense applications; (B) to scale the Center for Department-wide access, through the resourcing of adequate personnel to address standardization and automation of data collection and analysis; (C) to utilize data from commercial assurance processes to ensure Department hardware and software meet standards, applications, and requirements, including through comparative analysis and data modeling with other entities charged with related mandates, including the Defense Microelectronics Activity; (D) to seek and apply commercial best practices, where practicable, through industry collaboration, mutual pilot programs, and co-development of data dictionaries, templates, and other tools in support of microelectronics and software assurance; and (E) to develop and align Department policy, investments, and activities with evidence-based commercial best practices, where practicable, with the overarching goal of providing confidence that microelectronics systems and software and their constituent elements reasonably function as intended. (3) For contracts for application-specific integrated circuits designed by defense industrial base contractors, develop guidance for— (A) the use of evidence-based assurance processes and techniques that are included in the contract data requirements list; (B) the use of commercial best industry practices for confidentiality, integrity, and availability; (C) the establishment of a library of certified third-party intellectual property for reuse, including reuse of transistor layouts, cells, and macrocells; (D) legal mechanisms for data collection and sharing; and (E) the adoption of automation technology to achieve efficiency. (4) The development, maintenance, and sustainment of relevant evidence-based assurance standards for developing, procuring, and deploying hardware and software assurance, including— (A) evidence-based assurance processes and techniques that sustain, build on, automate, and scale up the results and accomplishments of prototyping programs to enhance the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of microelectronics while minimizing costs and impacts to commercial manufacturing practices; (B) validation methods for such processes and techniques, in coordination with the developmental and operational test and evaluation community, as the Under Secretary determines necessary; (C) threat models that comprehensively characterize the threat to microelectronics confidentiality, integrity, and availability across the entire supply chain, and the design, production, packaging, and deployment cycle to support risk management and risk mitigation, based on the principle of reducing risk to as low a level as reasonably practicable, including— (i) comparative risk assessments; and (ii) balanced and practical investments in assurance based on risks and returns; (D) trusted systems, network criticality levels, and associated requirements for the production and acquisition of commercial-off-the-shelf integrated circuits, integrated circuits subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations under subchapter M of chapter I of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations, or successor regulations, and classified integrated circuits using commercial foundry manufacturing process flows; (E) guides for Federal Government program evaluators, program offices, and industry to meet microelectronics assurance requirements; and (F) guidance for the establishment of a government organizational structure and plan to support the acquisition of fit-for-purpose microelectronics. (d) Discharge of establishment (1) In general In providing for the establishment of the Center, the Secretary shall consider whether the purpose of the Center can be met by existing centers in the Department that provide some or part of the hardware or software assurance capabilities needed to carry out the purpose described in subsection (b). (2) Strategy If the Secretary determines under paragraph (1) that there are capability gaps that cannot be satisfied by existing centers, the Secretary shall develop a strategy for creating and providing resources to fill those gaps. (e) Revised charter Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall issue a revised charter for the Center. The charter shall— (1) be established pursuant to the trusted and assured defense systems strategy of the Department and supporting policies related to hardware and software assurance and supply chain risk management; and (2) set forth— (A) the role and authorities of the Center in supporting program offices in implementing the trusted defense systems strategy of the Department; (B) the software and hardware assurance expertise and capabilities of the Center, including policies, standards, requirements, best practices, contracting, training, and testing; (C) the requirements for the discharge by the Center of a program of research and development to improve automated software code vulnerability analysis and testing tools; (D) the requirements for the Center to procure, manage, and distribute enterprise licenses for automated vulnerability analysis tools, including for automated software code analysis and tools used in the design and manufacture of microelectronics; and (E) the requirements for the discharge by the Center of a program of research and development to improve hardware vulnerability, testing, and protection tools. . (b) Briefing required Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the status of the formal establishment and revisions to the charter of the Joint Federated Analysis Center under section 4218 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (c) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter III of chapter 303 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 4128. Joint Federated Assurance Center. . (d) Conforming repeal Section 937 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 ( Public Law 113–66 ; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is repealed. 913. Modifications to make permanent the Office of Strategic Capital program on capital assistance (a) In general Section 149 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following new subsection (d): (d) Program on capital assistance to support defense investment in the industrial base (1) Establishment To the extent and in such amounts as specifically provided in advance in appropriations Acts for the purposes detailed in this subsection, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Director, may carry out a program under this subsection to provide capital assistance to eligible entities for eligible investments to develop technologies that support the duties and elements of the Office and meet the needs of the Department of Defense. (2) Eligibility and application process (A) In general An eligible entity seeking capital assistance for an eligible investment under this section shall submit to the Director an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Director may require. (B) Selection of investments The Director shall establish criteria for selecting among eligible investments for which applications are submitted under subparagraph (A). The criteria shall include— (i) the extent to which an investment supports the national security of the United States; (ii) the likelihood that capital assistance provided for an investment would enable the investment to proceed sooner than the investment would otherwise be able to proceed; and (iii) the creditworthiness of an investment. (3) Capital assistance (A) Loans and loan guarantees (i) In general To the extent and in such amounts as specifically provided in advance in appropriations Acts for the purposes detailed in this subsection, the Director may provide loans or loan guarantees to finance or refinance the costs of an eligible investment selected pursuant to paragraph (2)(B). (ii) Administration of loans (I) Interest rate (aa) In general Except as provided under item (bb), the interest rate on a loan provided under clause (i) shall be not less than the yield on marketable United States Treasury securities of a similar maturity to the maturity of the loan on the date of execution of the loan agreement. (bb) Exception The Director may waive the requirement under item (aa) with respect to an investment if the investment is determined by the Secretary of Defense to be vital to the national security of the United States. (cc) Criteria The Director shall establish separate and distinct criteria for interest rates for loan guarantees with private sector lending institutions. (II) Final maturity date The final maturity date of a loan provided under clause (i) shall be not later than 50 years after the date on which the loan was provided. (III) Prepayment A loan provided under clause (i) may be paid earlier than is provided for under the loan agreement without a penalty. (IV) Nonsubordination (aa) In general A loan provided under clause (i) shall not be subordinated to the claims of any holder of investment obligations in the event of bankruptcy, insolvency, or liquidation of the obligor. (bb) Exception The Director may waive the requirement under item (aa) with respect to the investment in order to mitigate risks to loan repayment. (V) Sale of loans The Director may sell to another entity or reoffer into the capital markets a loan provided under clause (i) if the Director determines that the sale or reoffering can be made on favorable terms. (VI) Loan guarantees Any loan guarantee provided under clause (i) shall specify the percentage of the principal amount guaranteed. If the Secretary determines that the holder of a loan guaranteed by the Department of Defense defaults on the loan, the Director shall pay the holder as specified in the loan guarantee agreement. (VII) Investment-grade rating The Director shall establish a credit rating system to ensure a reasonable reassurance of repayment. The system may include use of existing credit rating agencies where appropriate. (VIII) Terms and conditions Loans and loan guarantees provided under clause (i) shall be subject to such other terms and conditions and contain such other covenants, representations, warranties, and requirements (including requirements for audits) as the Secretary determines appropriate. (IX) Applicability of Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 Loans and loan guarantees provided under clause (i) shall be subject to the requirements of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 ( 2 U.S.C. 661 et seq. ). (B) Technical assistance Subject to appropriations Acts, the Director may provide technical assistance with respect to developing and financing investments to eligible entities seeking capital assistance for eligible investments and eligible entities receiving capital assistance under this subsection. (C) Terms and conditions (i) Amount of capital assistance To the extent and in such amounts as specifically provided in advance in appropriations Acts for the purposes detailed in this subsection, the Director shall provide to an eligible investment selected pursuant to paragraph (2)(B) the amount of capital assistance necessary to carry out the investment. (ii) Use of United States dollars All financial transactions conducted under this section shall be conducted in United States dollars. (4) Establishment of accounts (A) Credit program account (i) Establishment There is established in the Treasury of the United States a Department of Defense Credit Program Account to execute loans and loan guarantees in accordance with section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 ( 2 U.S.C. 661a ). (ii) Funding The Credit Program Account shall consist of amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations. (B) Use of funds To the extent and in such amounts as specifically provided in advance in appropriations Acts for the purposes detailed in this subsection, the Director is authorized to pay, from amounts in the Department of Defense Credit Program Account— (i) the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 ( 2 U.S.C. 661a ), of loans and loan guarantees and other capital assistance; (ii) administrative expenses associated with activities under this section; (iii) project-specific transaction costs; and (iv) the cost of providing support authorized by this subsection. (5) Regulations The Secretary of Defense may prescribe such regulations as the Secretary determines to be appropriate to carry out this subsection. (6) Annual report Not later than the first Monday in February of a fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an annual report describing activities carried out pursuant to this subsection in the preceding fiscal year and the goals of the Department of Defense in accordance with this subsection for the next fiscal year. (7) Notification requirement The Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees not later than 30 days after a use of loans, loan guarantees, or technical assistance under this subsection. ; and (2) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; (C) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking that and all that follows through is not and inserting that is not ; and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) The term obligor means a party that is primarily liable for payment of the principal of or interest on a loan. . (b) Conforming repeal Section 903(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 10 U.S.C. 4811 note) is repealed. 914. Addition of Performance Improvement Officer as co-chair of Defense Business Council Section 2222(f)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended, in the second sentence— (1) by striking chaired and inserting co-chaired ; and (2) by inserting and the Performance Improvement Officer after Officer . 915. Establishment of cross-functional team to oversee implementation of recommendations of Commission on Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution Reform (a) In general Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, using the authority provided under section 911(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) and in coordination with the officials specified in subsection (g), establish and appropriately resource a cross-functional team to plan and oversee, in coordination with the congressional defense committees, the implementation of the recommendations of the Commission on Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution Reform established by section 1004 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 1884). (b) Reporting The cross-functional team required by subsection (a) shall report directly to the Deputy Secretary of Defense. (c) Composition (1) In general The cross-functional team required by subsection (a) shall include dedicated, appropriate personnel with relevant expertise. (2) Hiring authorities In establishing the cross-functional team, the Secretary may— (A) hire personnel on a temporary or term basis to support the activities of the cross-functional team; and (B) enter into contracts or other agreements with subject-matter experts with relevant expertise to support the cross-functional team. (3) Compensation Basic pay for personnel on the cross-functional team may be administratively determined and set in accordance with section 3161(d) of title 5, United States Code. (4) Inapplicability of certain limitation An individual hired under this subsection who is not employed by the Department of Defense as of the date of the enactment of this Act is not subject to the limitations under section 143 of title 10, United States Code. (d) Consultations with Congress Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Deputy Secretary shall— (1) provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the proposed leadership, composition, and charter of the cross-functional team required by subsection (a); and (2) seek feedback from the congressional defense committees on the recommendations of the Commission on Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution Reform. (e) Annual report (1) In general The Deputy Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the status of the implementation of the recommendations of the Commission on Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution Reform— (A) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of Defense budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) for each of fiscal years 2027 through 2030. (2) Elements Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the status of the implementation of the recommendations described in paragraph (1). (B) An identification of the official or officials responsible for implementation each such recommendation. (C) A description of the timeline and actions for implementation of each such recommendations for the fiscal year following submission of the report. (D) The rationale and justification for any decision not to implement such a recommendation. (E) Recommendations for actions to reform and modernize the planning, programming, budgeting, and execution process in addition to the recommendations described in paragraph (1). (F) Performance metrics for measuring the effectiveness of recommendations that have been implemented. (G) A comprehensive budget justification display— (i) reflecting the resources required to implement the recommendations described in paragraph (1); and (ii) including— (I) resources requested in the Department of Defense budget with which the report is submitted, if applicable, and resources needed in subsequent fiscal years; (II) resources expended in the fiscal year that ended most recently before submission of the report and the fiscal year during which the report is submitted; and (III) a statement of the total costs of implementation of the recommendations as of the date of the report. (H) An assessment of legislative, regulatory, and administrative barriers to implementation of the recommendations and the need for changes to legislative authorities required for implementation of the recommendations. (I) Any other matters that the Deputy Secretary determines appropriate for inclusion in the report. (f) Biannual briefings Not less frequently than every 180 days after the submission of the report required to be submitted by subsection (e)(1)(A), the cross-functional team required by subsection (a) shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the status of the activities of the cross-functional team. (g) Officials specified The officials specified in this subsection are the following: (1) The Deputy Secretary of Defense. (2) The Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller). (3) The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. (4) The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. (5) The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. (6) The Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation. (7) The Director of Administration and Management. (8) The Chief Information Officer. (9) The Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer. (10) The Secretaries of the military departments. (11) The comptrollers of the military departments. (12) The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. (h) Termination (1) In general Except as provided by paragraph (2), this section and the cross-functional team required by subsection (a) shall terminate on December 31, 2029. (2) Early disestablishment of team The Secretary may, on or after December 31, 2027, and before the termination date specified in paragraph (1), disestablish the cross-functional team required by subsection (a) if— (A) the Deputy Secretary determines, as provided for in the charter of the cross-functional team, that the cross-functional team is no longer required for the implementation of the recommendations of the Commission on Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution Reform; and (B) the Secretary— (i) notifies the congressional defense committees not later than 30 days before disestablishing the cross-functional team; and (ii) includes in the notification the justification of the Secretary for the disestablishment of the cross-functional team. 916. Counter-Unmanned Aircraft Systems Task Force (a) In general Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish, or designate from existing organizations and personnel, a counter-unmanned aircraft systems task force, to be known as the C-UAS Task Force . (b) Review of memoranda and directives (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, acting through the C-UAS Task Force, shall consolidate and update all Department of Defense memoranda and directives related to the countering of unmanned aircraft systems in United States airspace to provide clarity to and an expedited decision-making process for commanders with respect to effectively engaging unmanned aircraft systems or unmanned aircraft incursions at military installations in the United States. (2) Included memoranda and directive The memoranda and directives required to be consolidated and updated under paragraph (1) include the following: (A) The Counter-Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems Strategy of the Department of Defense, dated January 7, 2021. (B) The Deputy Secretary of Defense Memorandum entitled Risk-based Assessment in Support of Counter-Unmanned Aircraft Activities to Protect DOD Facilities and Assets and dated May 7, 2020. (C) Deputy Secretary of Defense Policy Memorandum 16–003, entitled Interim Guidance for Countering Unmanned Aircraft and dated August 18, 2016. (D) Deputy Secretary of Defense Policy Memorandum 17–00X, entitled Supplemental Guidance for Countering Unmanned Aircraft and dated July 5, 2017. (E) Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Notice 3124, entitled Interim Guidance for Countering Unmanned Aircraft and dated February 8, 2017. (F) Other related general administrative notices of the Joint Staff. (G) Any other associated memoranda or directives of the Department of Defense relating to unmanned aircraft systems, as necessary. (c) Issuance of updated guidance (1) In general Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue new memoranda, directives, and guidance related to authorities to counter unmanned aircraft systems. (2) Dissemination to installation commanders The Secretary shall ensure that memoranda, directives, and guidance issued under paragraph (1) are included in pre-briefings for any officers that assume command of a military installation in the United States on or after July 1, 2025. (3) Standard operating procedures for military installations (A) In general Not later than 60 days after the issuance of the memoranda, directives, and guidance required by paragraph (1), each commander of a military installation shall issue standard operating procedures for countering unmanned aircraft systems at the installation. (B) Extension during changes in command If there is a change of command of a military installation during the 60-day period described in subparagraph (A), the incoming commander of the installation shall issue the standard operating procedures required by that subparagraph not later than 60 days after receiving the pre-briefing described in paragraph (2). 917. Modification to the President of the Defense Acquisition University Section 1746(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (3). 918. Plan for permanent establishment of Special Reconnaissance and Enabling Command (a) Plan required Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict and the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for permanently establishing the Special Reconnaissance and Enabling Command. (b) Elements The plan required by subsection (a) shall, at a minimum, include the following: (1) An articulation of the mission and tasks assigned to the Special Reconnaissance and Enabling Command. (2) An explanation of how the Special Reconnaissance and Enabling Command fits organizationally within the United States Special Operations Command. (3) An identification of the personnel, resources, and authorities, including any gaps, necessary to support the Special Reconnaissance and Enabling Command. (4) Any other matters the Assistant Secretary and the Commander consider appropriate. 919. Affiliate relationships between Army special operations forces and combat-enabling units of general purpose forces (a) Assessment of feasibility and advisability of affiliate relationships (1) In general Not later than 180 says after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a report assessing the feasibility and advisability of establishing formal affiliate relationships between units of the Army special operations forces and combat-enabling units of the Army general purpose forces for the purpose of enhancing military readiness and effectiveness through habitual training, exercises, and, when required, deployments. (2) Elements The report required by paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (A) An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of establishing formal affiliate relationships between units of the Army special operations forces and combat-enabling units of the Army general purpose forces, including units that perform the following missions: (i) Logistics. (ii) Intelligence. (iii) Communications. (iv) Explosive ordnance disposal. (v) Electronic warfare. (vi) Rotary wing support. (vii) Combat medicine. (viii) Such other missions as the Secretary and the Assistant Secretary consider relevant. (B) A summary of organic and assigned forces conducting the missions described in subparagraph (A) for Army special operations forces as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) Considerations In developing the report required by paragraph (1), the Secretary and the Assistant Secretary shall take into account the following: (A) The enabling requirements of both the Army special operations forces and the Army general purpose forces. (B) The availability of high-demand, low-density enabling capabilities of the Army general purpose forces. (C) Deployment-to-dwell standards. (b) Plan for establishing affiliate relationships If, in the report required by subsection (a), the Secretary and the Assistant Secretary determine that it is feasible and advisable to establish formal affiliate relationships between units of the Army special operations forces and combat-enabling units of the Army general purpose forces, then, not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Assistant Secretary shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for establishing such relationships that includes, at a minimum, an identification of units to be affiliated and a timeline for doing so. 920. Feasibility study on expanding the services provided by the Air Force Office of Commercial and Economic Analysis (a) Study Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall complete a study on the feasibility and advisability of expanding the services of the Air Force Office of Commercial and Economic Analysis to include— (1) providing commercial and economic analysis to components of the Department of Defense, including information on— (A) the existing and future commercial and economic conditions of the United States and of strategic competitors; (B) any macro-economic trend or policy that may affect such commercial and economic conditions; (C) any emerging trend in global markets and industries that could enhance or impair the national security interests of the United States as compared to strategic competitors; and (D) any commercial, economic, or geopolitical incentive or disincentive offered to contractors or prospective contractors of the Department of Defense to act in the national security interests of the United States or against such interests; (2) providing the business intelligence data, historically purchased by components of the Department of Defense from commercial actors, through commercial and economic analysis conducted by the Air Force Office of Commercial and Economic Analysis, including— (A) firmographic and ownership information of commercial actors; (B) documentation submitted by importers and exporters, including bills of lading; (C) ownership information pertaining to intellectual property rights; (D) information relating to mergers and acquisitions; and (E) any other such data that the Director of the Air Force Office of Commercial and Economic Analysis considers appropriate; and (3) convening a working group that includes members from the combatant commands, other relevant components of the Department of Defense, academia, industry, think tanks, and federally funded research and development centers, to facilitate the adoption by the Department of Defense of best practices and approaches for commercial and economic analysis from the private sector. (b) Report Not later than 90 days after the completion of the study under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (1) the findings of the study required by subsection (a); and (2) an assessment of the estimated cost of expanding the services of the Air Force Office of Commercial and Economic Analysis as described in subsection (a). 921. Limitation on use of funds for altering Air Force Global Strike Command (a) Limitation None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for the Department of the Air Force may be obligated or expended to alter or adjust the existing composition, roles, or responsibilities of Air Force Global Strike Command in the— (1) development of military requirements relating to strategic deterrence; or (2) execution of Joint Forces Air Component Command operational and planning support for United States Strategic Command. (b) Report required Not later than April 30, 2025, the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Commander of United States Strategic Command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report outlining a plan for ensuring that any future adjustments to the composition, roles, or responsibilities of Air Force Global Strike Command will not adversely affect the missions of the Air Force Global Strike Command in supporting the operational requirements of the United States Strategic Command or activities of the Department of Defense to achieve presidential nuclear employment guidance objectives. (c) Termination The limitation described in subsection (a) shall terminate 90 days after the date upon which the Secretary of the Air Force submits the report described in subsection (b). 922. Senior Integration Group for Indo-Pacific Region (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a Senior Integration Group for the Indo-Pacific Region (in this section referred to as the Group ). (b) Duties The Group shall— (1) lead and coordinate efforts across the Department of Defense to accelerate capability delivery and to meet emerging requirements for allies and partners of the United States in the Indo-Pacific region; and (2) develop and implement Department-wide policy and processes to meet urgent requirements related to the Indo-Pacific region. (c) Membership The Group shall be composed of the following members: (1) The Deputy Secretary of Defense. (2) The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. (3) The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. (4) The Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. (5) The Commander of the Indo-Pacific Command. (6) The Under Secretary of the Army. (7) The Under Secretary of the Air Force. (8) The Under Secretary of the Navy. (9) The Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation. (10) Any other officials of the Department of Defense the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) Report on establishment Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the establishment of the Group. (e) Annual reports Not later than June 1, 2026, and annually thereafter through 2031, the Secretary shall submit to congressional defense committees a report on the Group that, at a minimum, includes the following: (1) A detailed description of the work the Group plans to undertake during the year following submission of the report. (2) A description of specific capabilities and issues reviewed by the Group during the year preceding submission of the report. (f) Sunset The requirement under subsection (a) for a Senior Integration Group for the Indo-Pacific Region shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 923. Defense Advisory Committee on Diversity and Inclusion Renewal (a) Limitation on renewal The Secretary of Defense shall not renew the Defense Advisory Committee on Diversity and Inclusion in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Management Final rule until 120 days after the Secretary submits to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report that justifies the advisory committee’s continued operation. (b) Report contents The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the total resources and man-hours expended by the Committee since its establishment on October 23, 2022; (2) a detailed list of all recommendations approved by the Committee since its establishment on October 23, 2022; and (3) a detailed listing of all meetings held, to include all meeting participants, since the establishment of the Committee on October 23, 2022. 924. Limitation on availability of funds until Department of Defense complies with certain legal requirements Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the Deputy Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Department of Defense has implemented— (1) section 805 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 1816); and (2) section 1046 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act ( Public Law 117–263 ; 10 U.S.C. 111 note). X General provisions A Financial matters 1001. General transfer authority (a) Authority To transfer authorizations (1) Authority Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this division for fiscal year 2025 between any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) Limitation Except as provided in paragraph (3), the total amount of authorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this section may not exceed $6,000,000,000. (3) Exception for transfers between military personnel authorizations A transfer of funds between military personnel authorizations under title IV shall not be counted toward the dollar limitation in paragraph (2). (b) Limitations The authority provided by subsection (a) to transfer authorizations— (1) may only be used to provide authority for items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is transferred; and (2) may not be used to provide authority for an item that has been denied authorization by Congress. (c) Effect on authorization amounts A transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. (d) Notice to Congress The Secretary shall promptly notify Congress of each transfer made under subsection (a). 1002. Revision of Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation (a) In general Not later than September 30, 2026, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall revise the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R to— (1) provide updated guidance for current legislative and regulatory requirements, including the annual Department of Defense appropriations Act; (2) streamline and deconflict guidance throughout the Financial Management Regulation to ensure consistency and clarity; and (3) remove outdated guidance. (b) Considerations In conducting the revision required under subsection (a), the Under Secretary shall— (1) prioritize clarity and accessibility in the language and direction provided, including improvements to the coordination and approval process for recommended changes; (2) review and adopt modern financial practices that better align to current development and production cycles; (3) consider information technology solutions to improve the accessibility and usability of the Financial Management Regulation; and (4) consider the recommendations of the Commission on Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution Reform. (c) Briefing Not later than February 1, 2025, and every 180 days thereafter, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), in coordination with the service comptrollers, shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the efforts to update the Financial Management Regulation, including— (1) a description of the progress in updating the Financial Management Regulation; (2) a plan and timeline for completing revisions to the Financial Management Regulation; (3) a description of any barriers to the ability of the Department of Defense to update the Financial Management Regulation as directed; (4) recommendations for legislative changes required to complete revisions of the Financial Management Regulation; and (5) any other information deemed relevant by the Under Secretary. (d) Notification The Under Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees not later than 10 days after completing the revisions required under subsection (a). (e) Subsequent review The Under Secretary shall— (1) conduct a comprehensive review of the Financial Management Regulation not less than every two years after fiscal year 2027; and (2) notify the congressional defense committees of the completion of the comprehensive review with the budget submission. 1003. Repeal of audit incentive element in report requirement of Financial Improvement and Audit Remediation Plan Section 240b(b)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking clause (ix). 1004. Pilot program for the temporary exchange of information technology personnel Section 1110(a)(1)(A) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( Public Law 111–84 ; 5 U.S.C. 3702 note) is amended by inserting or performs financial management and budgeting tasks for a software-focused company before the semicolon at the end. 1005. Authority to use Defense Modernization Account funds for time-sensitive equipment modernization Section 3136(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: (5) For procuring and integrating available commercial technologies and services to satisfy a joint urgent operational need, joint emergent operational need, or a validated service requirement. (6) For providing infrastructure to support Department goals of accelerating the fielding and adoption of new capabilities. . B Counterdrug activities 1011. Capacity building and security cooperation with Mexico to counter threats posed by transnational criminal organizations (a) Plan Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and with the agreement of the Government of Mexico, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a plan for a pilot program to train, at military installations and facilities in the United States, members of the United States Armed Forces jointly with members of the military forces of Mexico on tactics, techniques, and procedures for countering threats posed by transnational criminal organizations, including through— (1) operations involving the use of rotary-wing aircraft; and (2) in consultation with the appropriate civilian government agencies specializing in countering transnational criminal organizations— (A) joint network analysis; (B) counter illicit financing and money laundering; (C) counter illicit trafficking (including narcotics, weapons, and human trafficking and smuggling, and illicit trafficking in natural resources); and (D) assessments of key nodes of activity of transnational criminal organizations. (b) Implementation Not later than 15 days after the date on which the plan required by subsection (a) is submitted, the Secretary of Defense shall commence implementation of the pilot program described in the plan. (c) Appropriate committees of Congress defined In this section, the term appropriate committees of Congress means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 1012. Authority of Department of Defense in surveillance of southwest border of United States Consistent with section 271 of title 10, United States Code, if personnel of the Department of Defense are deployed to the southwest border of the United States in support of another Federal department or agency, information collected by personnel of the Department of Defense who operate equipment to monitor movements to or across the southwest border may be shared by the supported Federal department or agency with other Federal, State, or local civilian authorities tasked to monitor movements to or across the southwest border, to the extent such information sharing does not constitute direct participation in law enforcement activities by the Department of Defense. 1013. Treatment by Department of Defense of request for support at southwest border of United States (a) In general In evaluating requests for support by the Department of Defense of civil authorities at the southwest border of the United States, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) prioritize requests that are received not less than 270 days before the requested deployment of personnel of the Department; and (2) work with the requesting authority to define the capabilities that the civil authorities are requesting that the Department of Defense provide at the border and determine the number of personnel that are necessary to provide those capabilities. (b) Civil authorities defined In this section, the term civil authorities means a Federal agency (other than the Department of Defense) or any State or local authority. C Naval vessels 1021. Improving Navy assessments required prior to start of construction on first ship of a shipbuilding program Section 8669c of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking and at the end; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) submits a written determination that detail design will be completed for each block of the ship’s construction before beginning construction of that block. ; (2) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: (7) How the Navy plans to oversee and document, for the first ship and subsequent ships, that detail design is completed for each block of the ship’s construction before beginning construction of that block. (8) The extent of vendor- and government-furnished information supporting the overall maturity and stability of the ship’s design, including, at a minimum, information regarding— (A) whether vendor selection is complete for major distributive systems and key equipment supporting operational requirements; (B) whether specifications are finalized for major distributive systems and key equipment; and (C) the status of factory acceptance testing, as applicable, to validate finalized specifications for major distributive systems and key equipment through manufacturing. ; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking computer aided models and inserting the completion of three-dimensional computer aided modeling ; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking routes major portions of all distributive systems and inserting positions and routes all major distributive systems ; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (5) as paragraphs (3) through (6), respectively; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph (2): (2) Block The term block means the basic building unit of ship construction, which forms completed or partial compartments, including engine rooms, storage areas, and accommodation spaces. . 1022. Requirements for the unmanned maritime autonomy architecture Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall— (1) provide a forum and resources to facilitate industry participation in the creation and management of a vendor-agnostic and platform-agnostic modular open systems architecture and associated standards for maritime unmanned systems; (2) adopt or join a governance model for the standards described in paragraph (1) that includes government and industry participation; (3) implement a frequent or continuous process for incorporating industry feedback into the standards described in paragraph (1) and conforming those standards with leading industry practices; (4) for each relevant Navy program or contract, tailor the standards described in paragraph (1) to the minimum standards necessary to enable desired operational capabilities for the program or contract; and (5) label and distribute the standards described in paragraph (1) as open, publicly releasable information to the greatest extent possible. 1023. Competitive demonstration of extra large unmanned underwater vehicles (a) Competitive demonstration required Subject to the availability of appropriations, not later than June 1, 2025, the Secretary of the Navy, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command, shall develop, conduct, and evaluate a competitive demonstration of the capabilities of extra large unmanned underwater vehicles, including non-developmental items from commercial or foreign partner sources. (b) Criteria In developing and evaluating the competitive demonstration required by subsection (a), the Secretary of the Navy shall consider the following: (1) The ability of extra large unmanned underwater vehicles to integrate into command and control systems. (2) The ability of such vehicles to execute a high-value mission in a contested environment. (3) Navigation, endurance, and concepts of employment with respect to such vehicles. (4) The technical maturity, reliability, and maintainability of such vehicles. (5) Feedback from military users. (c) Assessments required (1) Secretary of the Navy (A) In general Not later than September 1, 2025, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees the unaltered assessment of the Secretary of the competitive demonstration required by subsection (a). (B) Elements The assessment required by subparagraph (A) may include recommendations for updating the funding and acquisition plans for the extra large unmanned underwater vehicle program, including a recommendation for a sole-source or competitive solicitation for a procurement contract under the program. (2) Commander of United States Indo-Pacific Command Not later than September 1, 2025, the Commander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command shall submit to the congressional defense committees the unaltered assessment of the Commander of— (A) the continued validity of the extra large unmanned underwater vehicle requirement; and (B) the advisability of changes to procurement under the requirement. (d) Extra large unmanned underwater vehicle defined In this section, the term extra large unmanned underwater vehicle means a system capable of operating completely submerged in the sea with a range of at least 1,000 nautical miles. 1024. Extension of the National Commission on the Future of the Navy Section 1092(a)(4) of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2809) is amended by striking Not later than July 1, 2024 and inserting Not later than January 15, 2026 . 1025. Clarification of exception to Berry Amendment requirements for procurement of vessels in foreign waters Section 4862(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting , or for, after Procurements by . 1026. Expansion of shipbuilding infrastructure of the Navy (a) Cost estimates for the construction of naval vessels by Naval Sea Systems Command (1) In general Section 231 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (h); and (B) by inserting after subsection (f) the following new subsection: (g) Cost estimates for construction of naval vessels by Naval Sea Systems Command The Commander of the Naval Sea Systems Command shall ensure that cost estimates developed for the construction of new classes or new block upgrades of vessels do not take into account any commercial or nongovernmental specifications unless— (1) the senior technical authority determines in writing that such a commercial or nongovernmental specification is likely to be approved; or (2) the contract solicitation expressly allows such a commercial or nongovernmental specification and excludes entirely any alternative specification issued by the Department of Defense. . (2) Report required Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition, in coordination with the Commander of the Naval Sea Systems Command (commonly known as NAVSEA ), shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering a report detailing— (A) all references to external specifications regardless of source, including military specifications, NAVSEA instructions, American Bureau of Shipbuilding standards, and other standards, that were included on the Constellation -class frigate solicitation; (B) which specifications described in subparagraph (A) provided for alternative specifications conditional on NAVSEA approval; (C) how many alternative specifications described in subparagraph (B) were requested by the contractor awarded the Constellation -class frigate detail design and construction contract in comparison to how many alternative specifications were ultimately approved by NAVSEA; and (D) an explanation for why such requests for alternative specifications described in subparagraph (C) were not approved by NAVSEA. (b) Requirement for mature ship design The Secretary of the Navy shall take such actions as are necessary for the Navy to adopt recommendations 1, 3, 4, and 6 in the report of the Government Accountability Office entitled, Navy Shipbuilding: Increased Use of Leading Design Practices Could Improve Timeliness of Deliveries , and dated May 2, 2024 (GAO–24–105503). (c) Strategic outsourcing and United States as shipyard Section 8669a of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (d) The Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that the process for source selection for new classes of vessels gives ample emphasis to the realism of the ability of offerors to deliver the program requirements on schedule by requiring the inclusion of factors, to the maximum extent practicable, that consider— (1) strategic outsourcing for major components to be fabricated and outfitted across the United States, including in the noncontiguous states of Alaska and Hawaii, and later assembled at the contracted build yard; and (2) the prime contractor’s yard-wide staffing information, such as allocation of workforce to the existing and likely backlog of work and rates of hiring and attrition, that support the realism of the staffing proposed staffing plans, and if the contractor requires additional staffing, local workforce statistics, such as demographics, pay bands, and recruiting pipelines. . (d) Collaboration with respect to ship design, research, and development funds Section 8669b of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: (d) Collaboration with respect to ship design, research, and development funds The Naval Systems Engineering and Logistics Directorate (SEA 05) of Naval Sea Systems Command and the Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Warfare Systems (N9) shall collaborate with respect to the use of funds available for ship design, research, and development from the beginning of the requirements process till the award of a shipbuilding contract. . (e) Minimization of procurement changes in naval vessel construction plan Section 231(b) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) In developing an annual naval vessel construction plan for purposes of subsection (a)(1), the Secretary of the Navy shall minimize, to the maximum extent practicable, variations in procurement profiles from year-to-year across the period of the future-years defense program. The Secretary shall include in the annual naval vessel construction plan a detailed explanation for any change in procurement during the period of the future-years defense program that decreases the number of vessels to be procured by a class. . D Counterterrorism 1031. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States Section 1033 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ; 132 Stat. 1953), as most recently amended by section 1031 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 386), is further amended by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2025 . 1032. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to construct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba Section 1034(a) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ; 132 Stat. 1954), as most recently amended by section 1032 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 387), is further amended by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2025 . 1033. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to certain countries Section 1035 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ; 132 Stat. 1954), as most recently amended by section 1033 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 387), is further amended by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2025 . 1034. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to close or relinquish control of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba Section 1036 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ; 131 Stat. 1551), as most recently amended by section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 387), is further amended by striking 2024 and inserting 2025 . E Miscellaneous authorities and limitations 1041. Protection against misuse of Naval Special Warfare Command insignia (a) In general Chapter 891 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 8922. Protection against misuse of insignia of Naval Special Warfare Command (a) Definitions In this section: (1) Covered Naval Special Warfare insignia The term covered Naval Special Warfare insignia means any of the following: (A) The Naval Special Warfare Insignia comprising or consisting of the design of an eagle holding an anchor, trident, and flint-lock pistol. (B) The Special Warfare Combatant-craft Crewman Insignia comprising or consisting of the design of the bow and superstructure of a Special Operations Craft on a crossed flint-lock pistol and enlisted cutlass. (C) Any colorable imitation of the insignia referred to in subparagraphs (A) and (B). (2) Covered person The term covered person means any individual, association, partnership, or corporation. (b) Prohibition against unauthorized use (1) Subject to subsection (c), no covered person shall, without the authorization of the Secretary of the Navy, use any covered Naval Special Warfare insignia— (A) as the name under which the covered person does business for the purpose of trade; or (B) in a manner which reasonably could lead the public to believe that any project or business in which the covered person is engaged, or product that the covered person manufactures, deals in, or sells, has been in any way endorsed, authorized, sponsored, or approved by, or is associated with, the Department of Defense or the Department of the Navy. (2) Whoever violates this subsection shall be fined not more than $20,000 for each violation. (c) Exception Subsection (b) shall not apply to the use of a covered Naval Special Warfare insignia for purposes of criticism, comment, news reporting, analysis, research, or scholarship. (d) Treatment of disclaimers A determination of whether a covered person has violated this section shall be made without regard to any use of a disclaimer of affiliation, connection, or association with, endorsement by, or approval of the United States Government, the Department of Defense, the Department of the Navy, or any subordinate organization thereof to the extent consistent with international obligations of the United States. (e) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary of the Navy to register any symbol, name, phrase, term, acronym, or abbreviation otherwise capable of registration under the provisions of the Act of July 5, 1946 ( 15 U.S.C. 1051 et seq. ) (commonly referred to as the Trademark Act of 1946 ). . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 891 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 8921 the following new item: 8922. Protection against misuse of insignia of Naval Special Warfare Command. . 1042. Modified requirements for report on the plan for the nuclear weapons stockpile, nuclear weapons complex, nuclear weapons delivery systems, and nuclear weapons command and control system Section 492a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking Annual and inserting Biennial ; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting the odd-numbered after for each of ; and (B) in paragraph (2)(G), by striking year both places it appears and inserting report ; and (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); (B) by striking Budget Office.— and all that follows through Not later than July 1 and inserting Budget Office.— Not later than July 1 ; (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D) as paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4), respectively; (D) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), as redesignated by subparagraph (C) of this paragraph, by striking covered odd-numbered fiscal year report and inserting report required under subsection (a) ; (E) in paragraph (1), as so redesignated, by striking covered odd-numbered fiscal year ; and (F) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by striking covered odd-numbered fiscal year . 1043. Prohibition on use of funds to support entertainment projects with ties to the Government of the People’s Republic of China (a) In general None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for the Department of Defense may be used to knowingly provide active and direct support to any film, television, or other entertainment project if the Secretary of Defense has demonstrable evidence that the project has complied or is likely to comply with a demand from the Government of the People’s Republic of China or the Chinese Communist Party, or an entity under the direction of the People’s Republic of China or the Chinese Communist Party, to censor the content of the project in a material manner to advance the national interest of the People’s Republic of China. (b) Waiver The Secretary of Defense may waive the prohibition under subsection (a) if the Secretary submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a written certification that such a waiver is in the national interest of the United States. 1044. Assessments of casualties and fatalities during hostilities In making assessments of casualties and fatalities during hostilities, the Department of Defense may not cite as authoritative in public communications, fatality figures that are derived by United States-designated terrorist organizations, governmental entities controlled by United States-designated terrorist organizations, or any sources that rely on figures provided by United States-designated terrorist organizations. 1045. Establishment of major mishap incident designation classification for Department of Defense incidents (a) Establishment The Secretary of Defense shall establish a new mishap designation classification for the most serious incidents, to be known as major mishap incidents , to describe incidents that— (1) result in not less than $500,000,000 in damage or loss, as calculated not later than 5 days after the date of the incident and, to the maximum extent possible, in accordance with the requirements described in paragraph 9, enclosure 4 of Department of Defense Instruction 6055.07; (2) cause the deaths of not fewer than 5 individuals; or (3) are so designated by the secretary of the military department primarily affected by the incident based on the magnitude of the loss to the Department of Defense. (b) Investigations (1) Investigation officer The convening authority for any investigation of a major mishap incident shall appoint an investigating officer from among officers who hold a rank not lower than Major General in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps or Rear Admiral in the Navy to investigate all major mishap incidents— (A) including any related administrative, disciplinary, or legal investigations; and (B) excluding any criminal investigations conducted by a military criminal investigative organization. (2) Timeline for investigations The Secretary of Defense shall require that a full investigation of each major mishap incident be completed, to the extent practicable, not later than 1 year after the date on which the investigation is initiated. (c) Accountability actions (1) Mandatory administrative processing for discharge from the Armed Forces In the case of a major mishap incident that was directly caused by the misconduct of a member of the Armed Forces, that member shall be subject to mandatory administrative processing for discharge if the member has not otherwise been separated from the Armed Forces following a conviction at court-martial and an adjudged sentence of a punitive discharge. (2) Timeline for accountability actions The Secretary of Defense shall require that any accountability action, including the mandatory administrative processing described in paragraph (1), shall commence, to the extent practicable, not later than 180 days after the date on which the investigation into the major mishap incident is completed. (d) Reports Not later than 90 days after an incident designated as a major mishap incident, and every 120 days thereafter, the convening authority for the investigation into the incident shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report summarizing all remediation and accountability measures related to that incident taken during the period preceding submission of the report. (e) Amendment of Department of Defense Instruction 6055.07 Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall amend Department of Defense Instruction 6055.07 (relating to mishap notification, investigation, reporting, and record keeping) to implement the requirements under this section. 1046. Requirements relating to payments by the Department of Defense for qualifying injuries to the brain (a) Limitation on funding Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for operation and maintenance, defense-wide, and available for the Office of the Secretary of Defense for travel expenses, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense— (1) prescribes the regulations required under paragraph (4) of section 901(i) of division J of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( 22 U.S.C. 2680b(i) ) with respect to the Department of Defense; or (2) submits a written notification under subsection (b) stating the intent of the Secretary to not provide payments authorized under such section. (b) Written notification Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written notification of the intent of the Secretary to provide or not provide payments authorized under section 901(i) of division J of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( 22 U.S.C. 2680b(i) ). 1047. Longer term and eligibility for appointment to rank of Admiral of Commander of Naval Sea Systems Command (a) Term Section 526 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (k) (1) An individual service as the Commander of the Naval Sea Systems Command— (A) subject to paragraph (2), shall serve for a term of eight years; and (B) is eligible to be appointed to the rank of Admiral during the final three years of that term. (2) The Secretary of the Navy may terminate the term of an individual serving as the Commander of the Naval Sea Systems Command before the end of the eight-year term specified in paragraph (1)(A) if the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees of the termination. . (b) Extension of time period for retirement for years of service Section 636(c) of such title is amended— (1) by striking In the administration and inserting (1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), in the administration ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) The officer serving as the Commander of the Naval Sea Systems Command— (A) may continue to serve after 40 years of active commissioned service in order to complete the term of the Commander specified in section 526(k)(1)(A) of this title; (B) may in no case serve more than 45 years of active commissioned service. . 1048. Prohibition on use of funds for resettlement in the United States of certain individuals from the West Bank or Gaza (a) In general Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense may not use any asset, facility, or installation of the Department of Defense for the transport or processing of any individual from the West Bank or Gaza who is not a United States citizen, or who is not the spouse, parent, or child of a United States citizen, for purposes of resettlement in the United States. (b) Exception (1) In general Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary may use assets, facilities, and installations of the Department to transport and process for resettlement in the United States an individual described in subsection (a) who— (A) is a former employee of the United States Government; (B) was so employed for a period of not less than two years; and (C) maintains documentation demonstrating such employment. (2) Inapplicability Paragraph (1) shall not apply to an individual described in that paragraph whose employment with the United States Government was involuntarily terminated. (c) Reconsideration of policy Not later than five years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary may reconsider the prohibition set forth in subsection (a) and provide recommendations to Congress on whether to continue or discontinue such prohibition. F Studies and reports 1051. Report on Panama Canal security (a) In general Not later than May 30, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the vulnerabilities, safety, and security of the Panama Canal. (b) Elements The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) Identification of authority limitations in the conduct of security cooperation activities and investments with the Panamanian Ministry of Public Security and Canal Authority related to protection of the Panama Canal area and associated critical infrastructure. (2) An assessment of limitations in the abilities of the Department of Defense and the United States Coast Guard to identify, understand, and respond to threats and risks associated with the safe and secure operation of the Panama Canal. (3) Identification of Panamanian partner abilities and limitations in force capability, response posture, cross-sector security coordination, policy and procedures, and other factors that could challenge partner support to higher United States Coast Guard vessel (wartime and auxiliary) transit requirements. (4) Identification of Government of Panama laws and inter-Panamanian institution policy and territorial jurisdiction that affect the ability of the Department of Defense to support securing and defending the Canal. (5) Identification of risks in relation to the Panama Canal Neutrality Treaty that could affect priority of United States transits during steady state, in crisis and conflict. (6) An assessment of the interoperability of Panama and United States forces if support is requested to defend the Panama Canal area, and recommendations on how to organize, train, and equip United States forces, partner forces, and ensure bilateral preparedness. (7) Identification of external threats to and malign influence on Panama Canal sovereignty and its operations in steady state, in crisis and in conflict. (8) Identification of People's Republic of China (PRC) statecraft or PRC-backed entity capabilities, strategies, and limitations to disrupting regular Canal operations for intended military effect on United States force and sustainment flow, including by accounting for kinetic and non-kinetic means, including cyber and information domain, and potential condition-setting for these threats pre-crisis. (9) Identification of logistical, force protection, and other throughput challenges to ensuring United States force and sustainment flow via the Canal and Canal area, when uncontested by other state actors, in support of a major contingency in another theater of operation. (10) A projection of likely operating conditions in and around the Canal system based on United States throughput demand, including vulnerabilities to accidents, basic security incidents, and climate-induced or other water management challenges that may impede throughput. (11) An assessment identifying recommended United States investments to enhance the capabilities of the Panamanian Ministry of Public Security and Canal Authority to ensure the safety and security of the Panama Canal area. (12) An assessment of the Panama Canal’s information technology and operational technology infrastructure and systems. 1052. Review of irregular warfare authorities (a) Review required Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a review of authorities relevant to the conduct of irregular warfare activities by the Department of Defense and provide the results of such review to the congressional defense committees. (b) Elements At a minimum, the review required by subsection (a) shall include— (1) an accounting of all authorities available to the Secretary of Defense for the conduct of irregular warfare activities; (2) an assessment of the adequacy of policy guidance associated with the authorities identified under paragraph (1); (3) an explanation of the process for considering irregular warfare concepts of operation submitted by the combatant commands for approval; (4) a description of the process for coordinating and deconflicting Department of Defense irregular warfare activities with the heads of other relevant departments and agencies; (5) planned actions to address any policy or process deficiencies identified as part of the required review; (6) legislative or resourcing recommendations to more effectively enable Department of Defense irregular warfare activities; and (7) any other matter deemed relevant by the Secretary. (c) Irregular warfare defined For the purpose of this section, the term irregular warfare means a form of warfare where states and non-state actors campaign to assure or coerce states or other groups through indirect, non-attributable, or asymmetric activities. 1053. Extension of briefing requirement regarding civil authorities at the Southwest border Section 1070 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2791) is amended by striking through December 31, 2024 and inserting through December 31, 2027 . 1054. Extension of annual report on civilian casualties in connection with United States military operations Section 1057(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of this Act and inserting December 31, 2030 . 1055. Report on subterranean operations (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the plans, policies, and doctrine of the Department of Defense regarding subterranean operations. (b) Elements The report required under subsection (a) shall— (1) define the roles and responsibilities of each military service and combatant command; (2) describe the current and planned Department of Defense capabilities for conducting subterranean operations and identify any gaps in such capabilities; (3) identify all related doctrine and plans, if any, to update such doctrine; (4) identify subterranean training facility requirements; (5) define adversary activities and intentions in the subterranean environment; (6) outline adversary and ally subterranean defeat capabilities and tactics; and (7) evaluate roles and responsibilities across the spectrum of conflict and for targets ranging in size and complexity, such as trenches, tunnels, bunkers, silos, underground command nodes, underground weapons depots, and underground research and developmental facilities. (c) Form The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 1056. Analysis and report on air superiority of the Joint Force (a) Analysis and report required Not later than March 31, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct or sponsor an analysis of, and submit to the congressional defense committees a report that explains, how air superiority will be secured for the Joint Force in the 2030s and the 2040s. (b) Report elements The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of the expected capabilities, limitations, operational dependencies, technical maturity, relevant timelines, susceptibility to countermeasures of adversaries, and costs of the following: (A) FA–XX. (B) The Penetrating Counter Air platform (PCA). (C) The Collaborative Combat Aircraft (CCA). (D) Planned fighter modernization efforts. (E) Space-based capabilities. (F) Ground-based capabilities. (G) Any other capabilities the Secretary of Defense considers relevant to air superiority. (2) A summary of tactical- and campaign-level modeling and analysis that determines the individual effectiveness and impacts of each of the capabilities described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of paragraph (1) on the ability of the Joint Force to secure air superiority in the 2030s and the 2040s. (3) An evaluation of the effectiveness and risks of different potential force structures for achieving air superiority in the 2030s and the 2040s, including an assessment of the impacts of stand-in and stand-off force ratios on campaign success. (4) A description of the impact of the force structures evaluated under paragraph (3) on— (A) deterrence; and (B) annual sustainment and operations costs. (5) The number of fighter aircraft required by the Department of Defense to fulfill the national defense strategy and the number of such aircraft expected to be required in the 2030s and the 2040s to meet the changing threat environment. (6) The programmed fighter force structure from 2030 through 2045, including a breakdown of the quantity and average age of each type of fighter aircraft in each military service. (7) The Secretary’s plan to ensure proper resourcing to meet air superiority requirements of the Joint Force. (c) Nondelegation The Secretary of Defense may not delegate responsibility for the report to any of the military services. (d) Modeling and analysis Modeling and analysis conducted pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) shall use the most-likely capabilities and force structure for friendly and threat forces and the worst-case capabilities and force structure for such forces, including delayed blue capabilities, accelerated red capabilities, and a highly contested electromagnetic spectrum. 1057. Responding to unmanned aircraft systems incursions (a) Development of strategy of Department of Defense for countering threats from unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) technology and referral of UAS offenses for investigation and prosecution (1) Strategy (A) In general The Secretary of Defense shall develop, as part of the national defense strategy required under section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code, a holistic strategy for countering unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) technology and the threats such technology poses to facilities, personnel, and assets of the Department of Defense in the United States and overseas. (B) Report on strategy Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the strategy required under subparagraph (A), which shall contain an unclassified summary of the strategy. (C) Appropriate committees of Congress defined In this subsection, the term appropriate committees of Congress means— (i) the Committee on Armed Services and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) Referral for investigation and prosecution The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence, shall establish a process for referring for investigation and prosecution a UAS offense with respect to which the Secretary of Defense has taken an action described in section 130i(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code. (b) Assessment and report on recommended changes to policy of Department of Defense to respond to UAS incursions (1) Assessment The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an assessment, in consultation with the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence, of any recommended changes, including adjustments in the allocation of resources, in law, policy, or any other authority to improve the ability of the Secretary to carry out the national defense strategy (as required under section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code) in response to UAS incursions, to respond to future UAS incursions, and to mitigate the risks posed to national security from UAS incursions. The assessment shall include recommendations for requirements for the Department of Defense to pre-coordinate planned actions in response to anticipated types of UAS incursions with other relevant Federal departments and agencies. (2) Assessment of resources and authorities necessary to ensure overseas cooperation The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an assessment, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, that includes— (A) a description of the resources and authorities that installation commanders at United States military installations overseas are provided to collaborate with local law enforcement, host nation militaries, and other host nation security institutions to counter UAS threats to military installations; and (B) recommendations for improving the relationships referred to in subparagraph (A), including any authorities changes or required modifications to partnership agreements. (3) Report Not later than January 31, 2025, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the assessment conducted under paragraphs (1) and (2). (4) Appropriate congressional committees defined In this subsection, the term appropriate congressional committees means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (c) Authority to provide support Consistent with section 1059 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 284 note), the Secretary of Defense is authorized to provide support to Federal, state, and local government agencies for detection, identifying, and monitoring of unmanned aircraft systems that cross the Northern and Southern borders of the United States. 1058. Exercise for countering unmanned aerial systems (a) In general Not later than July 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Commander of the United States Northern Command, shall execute a large-scale exercise in the special use airspace of the Department of Defense to test the ability of the Department to respond to a variety of threats to installations of the Department from unmanned aerial systems. (b) Elements The exercise required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The participation of not fewer than three commanders of installations of the Department. (2) A mix of high-end non-emitting threats and low-end commercially available unmanned aerial systems. (3) Installations with a range of capabilities and equipment relating to countering unmanned aerial systems. (4) No-notice simulations. (5) Existing and evolved guidance to commanders of installations of the Department regarding authorities for countering unmanned aerial systems. (6) The participation of other relevant Federal agencies, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. (c) Briefing Not later than September 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the congressional defense committees on the outcomes and lessons learned from the exercise required under subsection (a). 1059. Review, assessment, and analysis of governance structure of counter-narcotics and counter-transnational organized crime activities (a) Agreement Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center for the conduct of an independent review, assessment, and analysis of the governance structure of the counter-narcotics and counter-transnational organized crime activities of the Department of Defense. (b) Report (1) In general The agreement described in subsection (a) shall provide that not later than one year after the date on which the Secretary of Defense and the federally funded research and development center enter into the agreement, the center shall provide to the Secretary a report on the findings of the review, assessment, and analysis. (2) Submittal to Congress Upon receipt of the report described in paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall submit the report to the congressional defense committees and the congressional research agencies. (3) Elements The report described in paragraph (1) shall include the following elements: (A) An assessment of the authorities of the Department of Defense for counter-narcotics and counter-transnational organized crime activities. (B) A description of the context for Department of Defense authorities for counter-narcotics and counter-transnational organized crime activities, including a review of all Federal authorities, by Department and agency, for counter-narcotics and counter-transnational organized crime activities and how those authorities align with the authorities of the Department of Defense. (C) A gap analysis of the authorities described in subparagraphs (A) and (B). (D) A description of the funding for the counter-narcotics and counter-transnational organized crime activities of the Department of Defense. (E) A description of the strategic objectives and strategies for the counter-narcotics and counter-transnational organized crime activities of the Department of Defense. (F) Recommendations for improving the governance structure of the counter-narcotics and counter-transnational organized crime activities of the Department of Defense, including with respect to designating a lead component or agency within the Department of Defense. (4) Form; public availability The report described in paragraph (1)— (A) shall be submitted under paragraph (2) in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex; and (B) may be made available to the public. (c) Congressional research agencies defined In this section, the term congressional research agencies means the following: (1) The Congressional Research Service. (2) The Congressional Budget Office. (3) The Government Accountability Office. 1060. Modification and extension of requirement for combatant command risk assessment for airborne intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance Section 1061 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting cancel, before retire, ; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act and inserting December 31, 2032 . 1061. Consideration of protracted conflicts in planning assumptions (a) Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities submission Not later than July 1, 2025, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and with input from the combatant commands, shall deliver to the Secretary of Defense defense planning scenarios that use protracted conflicts of at least 6, 12, and 24 months as planning assumptions. (b) Combatant command submission Not later than July 1, 2025, the combatant commands, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities, shall deliver to the Secretary of Defense branches to operational plans that use protracted conflicts of 6, 12, and 24 months as planning assumptions. (c) Briefing Not later than September 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees summarizing the implications of the plans described in subsections (a) and (b) on total munition requirements in the context of these planning scenarios. 1062. Study on combat accomplishments of remotely piloted aircraft crew (a) In general Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center to conduct an independent study to identify opportunities to provide more support services to, and greater recognition of, combat accomplishments of remotely piloted aircraft (RPA) crew. (b) Elements The study required under subsection (a) shall— (1) explore methods for identifying those members of a RPA crew who conduct combat operations; (2) review the manner of documentation for RPA crew conducting combat operations; (3) assess whether to establish a new status identifier for RPA crew conducting combat operations and propose a timeline to establish such status; (4) propose decorations and awards for combat operations available to RPA crew; (5) assess whether to award campaign medals for RPA crew conducting combat operations in a named campaign; and (6) examine whether post-separation health (including mental health) care is available to RPA crew who conduct combat operations. 1063. Report on resourcing of Arctic Strategy (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the congressional research agencies a report for each of fiscal years 2026 through 2031 that includes cost data, for that fiscal year and the period covered by the future-years defense program under section 221 of title 10, United States Code, of the Arctic Strategy of the Department of Defense. (b) Elements Each report required by subsection (a)— (1) shall include an assessment of the resourcing of the Arctic Strategy from funds requested for— (A) research, development, test, and evaluation; (B) military construction; and (C) procurement; and (2) may, if such funds are directly contributing the resourcing of the strategy, include an assessment of the resourcing of the strategy from funds requested for— (A) operations and maintenance; or (B) military personnel. (c) Submission The Secretary shall submit the report required by subsection (a) to the congressional defense committees and the congressional research agencies— (1) for fiscal year 2026, not later than May 1, 2025; and (2) for fiscal year 2027 and each fiscal year thereafter through fiscal year 2031, with the materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense in support of the budget of the President for that fiscal year (as submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code). (d) Form Each report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in— (1) an unclassified form that may be made available to the public; and (2) an unclassified form that may include a classified annex. (e) Legislative research agency defined In this section, the term legislative research agency includes the following: (1) The Congressional Research Service. (2) The Congressional Budget Office. (3) The Governmental Accountability Office. 1064. Assessment of impact of transnational organized crime on military drug overdoses (a) Assessment Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the directors of the military criminal investigation organizations, in coordination with the Director of the Defense Health Agency, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives an assessment of how transnational organized crime is contributing to drug overdoses at military installations. (b) Elements The assessment required under subsection (a) shall include an assessment of the extent to which— (1) fentanyl is responsible for drug overdoses of members of the Armed Forces, dependents of such members, and civilian employees of the Department of Defense; (2) a combination of fentanyl and another drug is responsible for such drug overdoses; (3) illegal fentanyl discovered on military installations and surrounding communities is related to transnational organized crime; and (4) fentanyl is inhibiting the readiness of the Armed Forces and quality of life for members of the Armed Forces, dependents of such members, and civilian employees of the Department at military installations and surrounding communities. (c) Form The assessment required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) Military criminal investigation organizations The term military criminal investigation organizations means— (A) the Criminal Investigation Division of the Army; (B) the Criminal Investigative Service of the Navy; and (C) the Office of Special Investigations of the Air Force. (2) Transnational organized crime The term transnational organized crime has the meaning given that term in section 284(i) of title 10, United States Code. 1065. Review and report on operational plans of the Department of Defense (a) Department of Defense review and report (1) In general Not later than March 15, 2025, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the service chief of each military department and the commander of each combatant command, shall— (A) complete a review of the operational plans of the Department of Defense; and (B) submit to the congressional defense committees a report that outlines any shortfall in personnel, equipment, munitions, infrastructure, or materiel required to execute such plans. (2) Assumption and considerations The review and report required by paragraph (1) shall— (A) incorporate the assumption that a contingency operation in the western Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, or the Korean Peninsula would increase the likelihood of a contingency operation in the other three theaters; and (B) include a consideration of— (i) the lessons learned from the war in Ukraine, including with respect to munition consumption rates; (ii) the current state of the military forces of the Russian Federation and forces affiliated with such military forces; (iii) the current state of the military forces of the member countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; (iv) with respect to the munitions industrial base— (I) the current quantities of munitions in the extant inventories of the United States and the geographic location of such munitions; (II) the current rate of production based on existing infrastructure and capacity; and (III) the single points of production and assembly throughout the munitions supply chain; and (v) the impact of contested logistics, including— (I) cyberattacks on defense and civilian logistics-related infrastructure— (aa) within the continental United States; (bb) outside the continental United States, including within the territories of allies and partners of the United States; and (cc) in space; (II) kinetic attacks on defense and civilian logistics-related infrastructure— (aa) within the continental United States; and (bb) outside the continental United States, including within the territories of allies and partners of the United States; (III) potential interdiction of air and sea lines of communication and logistical support; and (IV) the logistical trail of energy supply chains required to support operational plans, with consideration given to survivable mobile nuclear, hydrogen, synthetic fuel generation capabilities, and other energy technologies, as determined by the Secretary, that maintain or increase operational flexibility and resilience in comparison to currently deployed energy generation technologies. (b) Independent analysis and report (1) Analysis The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with an appropriate federally funded research and development center for— (A) the conduct of a detailed independent analysis of the report required by subsection (a)(1); and (B) the submission to the Secretary of a report on such analysis. (2) Report Not later than March 1, 2025, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the report prepared by the federally funded research and development center under paragraph (1), without modification. (3) Form The report submitted under paragraph (2) shall be submitted in unclassified form with a classified annex. 1066. Report on undersea cable posture (a) In general Not later than December 30, 2025, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense (DOD-CIO) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a classified report on the threats, defense, and resilience of undersea cables used by the Department of Defense. (b) Elements The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) An assessment of the threats (i.e., physical, cyber, supply chain, and foreign ownership) to undersea cables owned or used by the Department of Defense, including— (A) the current procedure when threats to such cables are identified by or reported to the Department of Defense (Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI) lead and United States Cyber Command supporting); (B) the extent to which such cables are owned and operated solely by the Department of Defense, reported by agency or military department (DOD-CIO NMO would be lead); (C) the extent to which such cables are owned and operated by non-government or commercial entities, but contracted to support the Department of Defense, reported by agency or military department (ODNI Lead, Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisitions and Sustainment supporting); (D) a list of Department of Defense missions that would be most severely disrupted by a loss of undersea cable capabilities (combatant commands would lead this prioritization); and (E) intelligence gaps concerning threats to such cables (ODNI would be overall lead for this effort). (2) The Department of Defense’s strategy to protect critical subsea cables and an assessment of the Department’s ability to execute that strategy, including for cables not owned by the Department of Defense (DOD-CIO). (3) An assessment of the Department of Defense’s ability to restore critical subsea cable capabilities based on damage to or interdiction of existing undersea capabilities (DOD-CIO). (4) An assessment of the Department of Defense’s ability to execute processes to prioritize and support restoration efforts if subsea cable capabilities are lost (DOD-CIO). (5) Alternative capabilities to negate or mitigate the loss of critical undersea cable capabilities, including a Primary, Alternate, Contingency, Emergency communication plan (DOD-CIO). (6) A strategy for prioritizing Department of Defense missions in the event that undersea cable capabilities are lost (DOD-CIO). (7) An assessment of support required from other United States Government, private sector, and foreign partners to defend, maintain, and restore undersea cable capabilities (DOD-CIO). (8) An assessment of new or additional capabilities or authorities required to adequately defend, monitor, maintain or restore undersea cable capabilities (DOD-CIO), including, if additional capabilities are required, an estimated budget to support. G Caisson services at Arlington National Cemetery 1071. Plan for procurement of military working equids for the Caisson Platoon of the 3rd Infantry Regiment of the Army (a) In general Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to Congress a detailed plan for the procurement of military working equids for the Caisson Platoon of the 3rd Infantry Regiment of the Army. (b) Consultation In developing the plan required by subsection (a), the Secretary of the Army shall consult with— (1) the Mounted Color Guard of the Marine Corps; (2) the Navy, the Air Force, the Space Force, and the Coast Guard; and (3) at least two nationally recognized equid organizations, foundations, or councils. 1072. Requirement to begin conducting funerals with caisson services at Arlington National Cemetery (a) In general Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall— (1) begin conducting at least two funerals with caisson services each week, or a total of four services in a two week period, at Arlington National Cemetery, Virginia; or (2) enter into a contract with a nongovernmental entity described in subsection (b). (b) Contract described The contract described in this subsection shall— (1) require that the nongovernmental entity— (A) begin providing services under the contract not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; (B) provide the military working equids necessary to conduct caisson services for at least one funeral each business day, other than Federal holidays, at Arlington National Cemetery, until the funerals backlogged at such cemetery as of the date of the enactment of this Act are conducted; and (C) after the backlogged funerals described in subparagraph (B) are conducted, to continue to provide services to meet the requirement of caisson services for funerals until the Army is capable of conducting at least one funeral with caisson services each business day; (2) specify that Army uniformed soldiers and not contract personnel will participate by riding the military working equids in the funeral ceremonies; and (3) terminate when the Caisson Platoon of the 3rd Infantry Regiment of the Army begins conducting at least one funeral with caisson services each business day. 1073. Monthly report on funerals at Arlington National Cemetery on hold until caisson services resume Section 7721 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (f) Monthly report on caisson services Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection, and not less frequently than once every 30 days thereafter, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the number of families that have requested caisson services at Arlington National Cemetery and are waiting to hold funerals until caisson services resume. . 1074. Land for operations and training of Caisson Platoon of the 3rd Infantry Regiment of the Army Section 366 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 234; 10 U.S.C. 7721 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (d) Land for operations and training In acquiring the land necessary for the operations and training of the Caisson Platoon of the 3rd Infantry Regiment of the Army, the Secretary of the Army shall consider land in West Virginia and Virginia. . H Other matters 1081. Roles and responsibilities for the mitigation, identification, and treatment of traumatic brain injury and the monitoring and documentation of blast overpressure exposure (a) Establishment of roles The Secretary of Defense shall establish the roles and responsibilities of components of the Office of the Secretary of Defense for the mitigation, identification, and treatment of traumatic brain injury and the monitoring and documentation of blast overpressure exposure, including blast overpressure exposure logs and traumatic brain injury logs, with respect to health care, readiness, acquisitions, and Inspector General oversight. (b) Briefings and reports (1) Implementation briefing Not later than June 1, 2025, and annually thereafter through June 1, 2028, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives briefings on the roles and responsibilities established under subsection (a) and the plans, associated timelines, and activities conducted to implement such roles and responsibilities. (2) Report on traumatic brain injuries Not later than June 1, 2025, and annually thereafter through June 1, 2030, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report, with a classified annex as necessary, concerning traumatic brain injuries among members of the Armed Forces caused during combat operations or training events. (3) Report on medical providers trained in traumatic brain injury neurology Not later than December 31, 2025, and annually thereafter through December 31, 2030, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on medical providers within the Defense Health Agency who are trained in traumatic brain injury as a sub-specialty of neurology, including information on— (A) the number of such providers, disaggregated by location; (B) the billets of such providers; (C) the number of medical personnel currently participating in training or a fellowship relating to traumatic brain injury; and (D) the strategy of the Department of Defense to increase the number of medical providers trained in traumatic brain injury as a sub-specialty of neurology. 1082. Extension of National Security Commission on Emerging Biotechnology Section 1091 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (3) and redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (3); (2) in subsection (g)(1), by inserting and 6 months after 2 years ; and (3) in subsection (r), by striking 18 months after the date on which it submits the final report required by subsection (g) and inserting December 1, 2026 . 1083. Enhancement of special operations riverine capability (a) In general Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict and the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the sustainment and enhancement of a special operations riverine capability within United States Special Operations Command through fiscal year 2035. (b) Elements The plan required under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) An articulation of the value of special operations riverine capabilities to accomplishing the objectives of the national defense strategy. (2) Manpower requirements and sourcing. (3) Sustainment, recapitalization, and modernization of Special Operations Craft-Riverine maritime craft. (4) The advisability and feasibility of developing a future riverine maritime craft. (5) Bolstering research, experimentation, and prototyping efforts related to riverine, coastal, and other maritime capabilities, to include unmanned surface vessels, including through the identification of opportunities to expand such efforts through additional manpower, funding, and collaborative relationships with relevant elements of the Federal Government and commercial industry. (6) Identification of infrastructure and training range requirements and opportunities for improvements. (7) Any other matters the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict and the Commander of United States Special Operations Command determine relevant. 1084. Plan for recapitalization of special operations surface combatant craft Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict and the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for converting special operations surface combatant craft at the end of service life into unmanned systems, as appropriate, to support experimentation and the use of manned-unmanned teaming capabilities. 1085. Homeland defense planning requirements (a) Report on at-risk defense critical assets Not later than February 15, 2025, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Cyber Command and the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, shall submit to the designated recipients and the Commander of the United States Northern Command a detailed list of the defense critical assets in the United States that are assessed to be likely targets of an attack, including kinetic and non-kinetic attacks, in a major conflict with an adversary. (b) Report on likely requests for support Not later than April 15, 2025, in consultation with relevant civilian agencies, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities, shall submit to the designated recipients a report identifying and assessing the foreseeable requests for support from civilian agencies responsible for the defense of the defense critical assets detailed in the report submitted under subsection (a). The report shall include— (1) each agency likely to request support; (2) the existing capabilities of each agency to respond to and defend against a prospective attack; (3) the specific capabilities requested, and an estimate of the number of Department of Defense personnel that would be required to provide those capabilities; (4) an estimate of the cost for providing the requested Department of Defense support; and (5) an estimate of the duration of support that could be provided in response to such requests, and an assessment of whether such support could be provided in a protracted scenario extending beyond 180 days. (c) Feasibility assessment Not later than June 1, 2025, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Cyber Command and the Commander of the United States Northern Command, shall submit to the designated recipients a report assessing the feasibility of providing support to the requests identified in the report submitted under subsection (b). The assessment shall address providing support to a request independently, concurrent with other related requests, and consecutive with other requests. (d) Designated recipients defined In this section, the term designated recipients means the Secretary of Defense, the Secretaries of the military departments, and the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 1086. Authority to provide contracted assistance to secure the southern land border of the United States Section 1059 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( 10 U.S.C. 284 note; Public Law 114–92 ) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: (2) Contract authority In providing assistance to U.S. Customs and Border Protection authorized under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense may acquire, by contract, for the purposes of such assistance— (A) warehousing and logistical supply chain services; (B) transportation services; (C) vehicle maintenance services; (D) linguist services; and (E) data entry services. ; and (C) in paragraph (3), as redesignated, by striking under paragraph (1) and inserting authorized under paragraph (1) or (2) ; and (2) in subsection (f)(1)— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E); and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: (D) A description of the contracted support, including contracting vehicle used, the terms of the contract, and the amounts expended to provide contracted support pursuant to subsection (a)(2). ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (g) Sunset The authority granted under this section shall cease to have any force or effect beginning on October 1, 2026. . 1087. Liaison with the Counter Unmanned Aerial Systems Task Force (a) Liaison required The Director of the All-Domain Anomaly Resolution Office (AARO) shall provide one or more personnel to act as a liaison with the Counter Unmanned Aerial Systems Task Force to improve coordination of efforts and support enabling capabilities of mutual benefit. (b) Responsibilities The liaison position or positions described in (a) shall have the following responsibilities: (1) Conducting information sharing between organizations on identified or suspected Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) events, including incident reporting, incident responses, and data on technical characterization of the known or suspected threats. (2) Coordination on the development of technical capabilities for sensing and response to threats. (3) Development of coordinated tactics, techniques, and procedures for incident response. 1088. Introduction of entities in transactions critical to national security Section 1047 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking may facilitate the introduction and inserting shall facilitate the introduction . 1089. Prioritization of accreditation of sensitive compartmented information facilities supporting DX-rated programs (a) Framework for prioritized review required Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a framework for prioritized review and accreditation and reaccreditations of sensitive compartmented information facilities and classified communications networks at facilities that are not located on a Department of Defense installation or facility. (b) Programs rated DX The framework developed pursuant to subsection (a) shall take into consideration the accreditation or reaccreditation of facilities and networks that would support programs that are rated DX pursuant to section 700.11 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, or successor regulations. (c) Submittal to Congress Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the framework developed pursuant to subsection (a). 1090. Establishment of the National Security Capital Forum (a) Forum established The Secretary of Defense shall establish a forum— (1) as the convening forum for domestic and international institutional financiers, capital providers, investors, entrepreneurs, innovators, business persons, and various representatives from across the private sector, relevant United States Government offices, and from the governments and private sector of the allies and partners of the United States; and (2) to allow the exchange of information with the Department of Defense pertaining to transactions or potential transactions, or to integrate efforts to achieve coordinated effects to support the national security interest of the United States. (b) Designation of executive agent The Secretary of Defense shall designate an existing position in the Department to act as the director of the forum. (c) Participation of relevant United States Government offices The Secretary of Defense may invite other Federal agencies to attend the forum. 1091. Improvements relating to portability of professional licenses of servicemembers and their spouses Section 705A of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act is amended to read as follows: 705A. Portability of professional licenses of servicemembers and their spouses (a) In general In a case in which a servicemember or the spouse of a servicemember has a covered license and such servicemember or spouse relocates his or her residency because of military orders for military service to a location that is not in the jurisdiction of the licensing authority that issued the covered license, such covered license shall be considered valid at a similar scope of practice, and in the discipline issue for , in the receiving jurisdiction if such servicemember or spouse submits an application to the licensing authority for the receiving jurisdiction that includes the following: (1) Proof of such military orders or proof of military service, as the case may be. (2) In a case in which the applicant is a spouse of the servicemember who is subject to the military orders or military service, a copy of a marriage certificate to a servicemember. (3) A notarized affidavit affirming, under the penalty of law, the following: (A) The applicant is the person described and identified in the application. (B) All statements made on the application are true and correct and complete. (C) The applicant has read and understands the requirements for licensure and certification and certifies that the applicant meets those requirements. (D) The applicant is in good standing in all jurisdictions in which the applicant holds or has held a license or certification. (4) Such documentation as may be required by the licensing authority in the receiving jurisdiction for the purposes of background checks and maintaining standards of practice, discipline, and fulfillment of any continuing education requirements. (b) Issuing licenses (1) In general Except as provided in paragraph (2), a licensing authority that receives an application for a license that is submitted under subsection (a) and meets all of the requirements set forth in such subsection, shall issue, not later than 30 days after receiving the application, a license of similar scope of practice as the covered license of the applicant. (2) Temporary licenses In a case in which a licensing authority is required to issue a license under paragraph (1) but is unable to issue the license within 30 days as required by such paragraph, the licensing authority shall issue a temporary license that confers the same rights, privileges, and responsibilities as a permanent license, until the permanent license is issued. (c) Interstate licensure compacts If, in a case described in subsection (a), the receiving jurisdiction is located in a State that is a member of an interstate compact that is in effect and the servicemember or spouse is applying for a license that covers a particular profession or occupation that is covered by the membership of the State in the interstate compact, the servicemember or spouse shall be subject to the requirements of the interstate compact. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) Covered license The term covered license means an active license that, with respect to a similar scope of practice— (A) has not been revoked or had discipline imposed by any jurisdiction; (B) does not have a complaint, allegation, or investigation relating to unprofessional conduct pending in any jurisdiction relating to it, or otherwise in a status that in any manner restricts the activity of the license holder; and (C) has not been voluntarily surrendered while under investigation for unprofessional conduct in any jurisdiction. (2) License The term license means any license, certificate, or other evidence of qualification that an individual is required to obtain before he or she may engage in or represent himself or herself to be a member of a particular profession or occupation. (3) Licensing authority The term licensing authority means any State board, commission, department, or agency that— (A) is established in the State for the primary purpose of regulating the entry of persons into or the conduct of persons within, a particular profession or occupation; and (B) is authorized to issue licenses. (4) Scope of practice The term scope of practice means defined parameters of various duties or services that may be provided by an individual with specific credentials. . 1092. Pilot program to provide military aircraft support to air shows (a) Pilot program Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Air Force, shall establish a pilot program for not less than 2 years to provide military aircraft and aerial demonstration teams in support of air shows located in rural or small market areas across the country for the purposes of cataloguing the impact on military recruitment. The program shall— (1) require each military service to provide support to not fewer than 5 qualifying air shows each fiscal year; (2) not support covered air shows unless the event organizers cover any costs exceeding $100,000; and (3) catalogue recruitment numbers in regions where military aircraft support covered air shows before, during, and after the pilot program began. (b) Reports Not later than March 1, 2026, and March 1, 2027, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a report to the congressional defense committees including the following: (1) An analysis of recruitment figures in covered regions that hosted supported air shows before and after the pilot program began. (2) A business case analysis of the costs and benefits of providing military aircraft support to air shows compared to other initiatives to encourage recruitment. 1093. Establishment of requirements relating to blast overpressure exposure (a) In general Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall establish— (1) the minimization of exposure to blast overpressure as a performance parameter when drafting requirements for new weapons systems for the Department of Defense that produce blast overpressure; (2) a requirement that any entity under contractual agreement with the Department as part of the defense weapons acquisition process shall provide to the Department blast overpressure measurements and safety data for any weapons system procured from such entity that produces blast overpressure and exceeds the maximum exposure limit set by the Department; and (3) a requirement that any test plan for a weapons system shall incorporate testing for blast overpressure measurements and safety data. (b) Report Not later than December 31 of each year following the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall publish on a publicly available website, including govinfo.gov or successor website, a report that includes— (1) blast overpressure measurements and safety data for weapons systems of the Department of Defense, including how those systems have been tested and in what environments; and (2) plans to improve protection for exposure by members of the Armed Forces to in-use weapons systems with unsafe levels of blast overpressure and exposure. (c) Contractual agreement defined In this section, the term contractual agreement includes a contract, grant, cooperative agreement, and any other similar transaction or relationship. 1094. Preferred alternative for the Ambler Mining District in Alaska (a) Definition of Secretary In this section, the term Secretary means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) Selection of alternative Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) select as the preferred alternative for the Ambler Mining District Industrial Access Road Project either Alternative A or Alternative B , as described in the notice of availability of the Bureau of Land Management entitled Notice of Availability of the Ambler Road Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement, Alaska and published on April 26, 2024 (89 Fed. Reg. 32458); (2) publish a record of decision that includes the preferred alternative selected under paragraph (1); and (3) in accordance with section 1107 of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act ( 16 U.S.C. 3167 ), issue all rights-of-way across public lands (as defined in section 102 of that Act ( 16 U.S.C. 3102 )) necessary for the implementation of the preferred alternative selected under paragraph (1). (c) Requirements In carrying out subsection (b), the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, shall select the preferred alternative under paragraph (1) of that subsection that the Secretary determines— (1) provides adequate and feasible access for economic, defense, and other purposes, including the acquisition and retention of stocks of certain strategic and critical materials; and (2) encourages the conservation and development of sources of certain strategic and critical materials, with respect to any impacts on the national security interests of the United States that sources of those materials may have on the United States, as described in section 2(b) of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act ( 50 U.S.C. 98a(b) ). (d) Rule of construction The Secretary shall carry out subsection (b) in accordance with subsections (b) through (e) of section 201(4) and section 1110(b) of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act ( 16 U.S.C. 410hh(4) , 3170(b)). XI Civilian personnel matters 1101. One-year extension of authority to waive annual limitation on premium pay and aggregate limitation on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas Subsection (a) of section 1101 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 ( Public Law 110–417 ; 122 Stat. 4615), as most recently amended by section 1105 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 427), is further amended by striking through 2024 and inserting through 2025 . 1102. One-year extension of temporary authority to grant allowances, benefits, and gratuities to civilian personnel on official duty in a combat zone Paragraph (2) of section 1603(a) of the Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, 2006 ( Public Law 109–234 ; 120 Stat. 443), as added by section 1102 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 ( Public Law 110–417 ; 122 Stat. 4616) and as most recently amended by section 1109 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 428), is further amended by striking 2025 and inserting 2026 . 1103. Extension of enhanced appointment and compensation authority for civilian health care professionals for care and treatment of wounded and injured members of the Armed Forces Section 1599c(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended, in paragraphs (1) and (2), by striking December 31, 2025 each place it appears and inserting December 31, 2030 . 1104. Extension of direct hire authority for domestic industrial base facilities and Major Range and Test Facilities Base (a) Extension Section 1125(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( 10 U.S.C. 1580 note prec.; Public Law 114–328 ) is amended by striking through 2028 and inserting through 2030 . (b) Briefing Section 1102(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ), as amended by section 1107(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 133 Stat. 1597), is further amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking through 2025 and inserting through 2030 ; and (2) in paragraph (1), by striking (as amended by subsection (a)) . 1105. Removal of Direct Support Activities from personnel limitation on the Office of the Secretary of Defense Section 143(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking (including Direct Support Activities of that Office and the Washington Headquarters Services of the Department of Defense) . 1106. Authority to provide increased voluntary separation incentive pay for civilian employees of the Department of Defense Section 9902(f)(5)(A)(ii) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking $25,000 and inserting an amount determined by the Secretary, not to exceed $40,000 . 1107. Employment and compensation of civilian faculty members at Inter-American Defense College (a) In general Subsection (c) of section 1595 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (9) The United States Element of the Inter-American Defense College. . (b) Conforming amendments Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking institutions and inserting organizations ; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking institutions and inserting organizations ; and (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking institutions and inserting organizations . 1108. Modifications to the John S. McCain Strategic Defense Fellows Program (a) Noncompetitive appointment and conversion authority Section 932(f) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( 10 U.S.C. 1580 note prec.; Public Law 115–232 ) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraphs: (2) Noncompetitive appointment or conversion (A) In general Upon a participant's successful completion of the fellows program, the Secretary may, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, noncompetitively appoint or convert the participant into a vacant competitive or excepted service position in the Department, if the Secretary determines that such appointment or conversion will contribute to the development of highly qualified future senior leaders for the Department. (B) Grade The Secretary may appoint or convert a participant under subparagraph (A) into a position at or below the level of GS–13 of the General Schedule or an equivalent position for which the participant is qualified without regard to any minimum time-in-grade requirements. (C) Consent Before converting an individual to the competitive service under this paragraph, the Secretary shall notify and receive written consent from the individual of the individual’s change in status. (3) Appointment of former participants The Secretary may use the authority provided by paragraph (2) for a participant— (A) not later than one year after the date of the participant’s successful completion of the fellows program; or (B) in the case of a participant who entered the fellows program before the date of the enactment of this subparagraph, not later than one year after such date of enactment. . (b) Conforming amendment Section 932(e)(2) of such Act is amended by inserting before the period at the end of the last sentence the following: and subsection (f)(2) . 1109. Modification of pilot program on dynamic shaping of the workforce to improve the technical skills and expertise at certain Department of Defense laboratories Section 1109 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( 10 U.S.C. 4091 note prec.; Public Law 114–92 ) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting or 8414 before of title 5 ; and (ii) by striking or 3522 and inserting or 8414(b)(1)(B) ; and (B) in paragraph (4), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking section 8414(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, without regard to clause (iv) or (v) of such section or section 3522 of such title and inserting section 3522 of title 5, United States Code ; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking section 4121(b) and inserting subsections (a) and (b) of section 4121 . 1110. Permanent authority for noncompetitive appointments of military spouses by Federal agencies (a) In general Subsection (e) of section 573 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( 5 U.S.C. 3330d note; Public Law 115–232 ) is repealed. (b) Technical amendments Section 1119(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 434) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking (2) and all that follows through the following: and inserting the following: (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (5), as added by section 1112(a)(1)(C) of this Act, as paragraph (6); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4), as redesignated by section 1112(a)(1)(A) of this Act, the following: ; and (B) in the quoted material, by striking (4) The term and inserting (5) The term ; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting , as amended by section 1112(a)(2) of this Act after in subsection (b) ; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking paragraph (1) and inserting paragraph (2) ; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting paragraph (3) ; and (D) in subparagraph (C), in the quoted material, by striking (3) a spouse and inserting (4) a spouse . (c) Effective date The amendments made by subsection (b) of this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 1119 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 434). 1111. Continuity of coverage under certain provisions of title 5, United States Code (a) Military leave for federal civilian employees Section 6323 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking as a Reserve of the armed forces or member of the National Guard and inserting as a Reserve of the armed forces, a member of the National Guard, or a member of the Space Force in space force active status (as defined in section 101(e)(1) of title 10) and not on sustained duty under section 20105 of title 10 ; and (2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: or is a member of the Space Force in space force active status (as defined in section 101(e)(1) of title 10) and not on sustained duty under section 20105 of title 10 . (b) Clerical amendments (1) Section heading The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: 6323. Military leave: Reserves, National Guard members, and certain members of the Space Force . (2) Table of sections The item relating to such section in the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 63 of such title is amended to read as follows: “6323. Military leave: Reserves, National Guard members, and certain members of the Space Force.”. 1112. Modification of direct hire authority for domestic defense industrial base facilities (a) In general Section 1125(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( 10 U.S.C. 1580 note prec.) is amended by inserting , including to Navy Supervisor of Shipbuilding, Conversion, and Repair positions after Base . (b) Annual report At the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the relevant congressional committees a report that includes the following elements: (1) The number of Navy Supervisor of Shipbuilding, Conversion, and Repair positions filled in comparison to the previous fiscal year. (2) The extent to which direct hire authority has affected recruitment and retention for Navy Supervisor of Shipbuilding, Conversion, and Repair positions. (3) Other data and information related to the hiring process for the Navy Supervisor of Shipbuilding, Conversion, and Repair that the Secretary of the Navy considers appropriate. (c) Relevant congressional committees defined In this section, the term relevant congressional committees means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives. 1113. Prohibition on establishment of new diversity, equity, and inclusion positions; prohibition on filling vacancies (a) In general Beginning on January 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense may not— (1) establish any new positions within the Department of Defense with responsibility for matters relating to diversity, equity, and inclusion; or (2) fill any vacancies in positions within the Department with responsibility for such matters. (b) Rule of construction Nothing in this section may be construed to prevent the Secretary from reducing the number of positions relating to diversity, equity, and inclusion or from eliminating specific positions relating to diversity, equity, and inclusion. 1114. Prohibition on considering applicant's commitment to diversity, equity, or inclusion in hiring process for certain positions at Department of Defense educational institutions (a) In general The Secretary of Defense may not require or consider, as part of the hiring process for a covered position, any statement from an applicant that addresses the applicant's commitment to diversity, equity, or inclusion. (b) Covered position defined In this section, the term covered position means an administratively determined position at an educational institution of the Department of Defense. XII Matters relating to foreign nations A Assistance and training 1201. Acceptance and expenditure of contributions for multilateral security cooperation activities (a) In general Subchapter I of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 302. Acceptance and expenditure of contributions for multilateral security cooperation activities (a) Authority To accept and expend contributions The Secretary of Defense may accept, retain, and expend contributions, including money, personal property, and services, from one or more foreign governments to carry out, pursuant to the authorities provided in this chapter, security cooperation activities in which the foreign partner (or partners, as the case may be) shares a national security interest with the United States. (b) Requirements Funds accepted under this section may only be expended under the authorities provided in this chapter, and such expenditures shall comply with the prohibitions and limitations and the notice, reporting, and other requirements specified in such authorities. (c) Previously denied funds Funds accepted under this section may not be expended, in whole or in part, for any purpose for which Congress has previously denied funds. (d) Annual report Not later than March 1st each year, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on any funds accepted or expended under this section during the preceding calendar year, including an identification of the foreign partner or partners involved and a description of the purpose of such funds. (e) Appropriate committees of Congress defined In this section, the term appropriate committees of Congress means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 302. Acceptance and expenditure of contributions for multilateral security cooperation activities. . 1202. Modification of authority to build capacity Section 333 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: (10) Disaster risk reduction or response operations. (11) Space domain awareness and space operations. (12) Foreign internal defense operations. ; and (2) in subsection (g), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: (2) Availability of funds for programs across fiscal years Amounts available in a fiscal year to carry out the authority in subsection (a) may be used for programs under that authority that begin in such fiscal year and end not later than the end of the third fiscal year thereafter. . 1203. Authority to build capability and capacity of foreign civilian medical support entities for resilience in crisis and conflict (a) In general Subchapter IV of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section 336: 336. Foreign civilian medical support entities: authority to build capability and capacity for resilience in crisis and conflict (a) In general The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may provide medical education, non-lethal training, equipment, and supplies to, and conduct exercises with, foreign civilian medical support entities of allied and partner countries for the purpose of enhancing the comprehensive medical resilience of such countries in the event of a crisis or conflict. (b) Use of funds Funds authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense may be used for payment of— (1) costs incurred by the Department of Defense to conduct activities under this section; and (2) incremental expenses of a foreign civilian medical support entity to participate in activities under this section. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for subchapter IV of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 336. Foreign civilian medical support entities: authority to build capability and capacity for resilience in crisis and conflict. . 1204. Modification of authority for Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School (a) In general Subsection (e) of section 352 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (e) Costs (1) In general The fixed costs of the School may be paid from amounts made available for the Navy as follows: (A) The costs of operating and maintaining the School may be paid from amounts made available to the Navy for operation and maintenance. (B) The costs of the equipment requirements of the School may be paid from amounts made available to the Navy for procurement. (C) The costs of the facilities construction requirements of the School may be paid from amounts made available to the Navy for military construction. (2) Prohibition on inclusion of fixed costs in tuition Tuition fees charged for personnel who attend the School shall not include any amount for fixed costs of the School. . (b) Updates required Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall update the Security Assistance Management Manual (DSCA 5105.38–M) and volume 15 of the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation (DoD 7000.14–R) in accordance with the amendment made by this section. 1205. Extension of authority for reimbursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations (a) Extension Subsection (a) of section 1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 ( Public Law 110–181 ; 122 Stat. 393) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking beginning on October 1, 2023, and ending on December 31, 2024, for overseas contingency operations and inserting beginning on October 1, 2024, and ending on December 31, 2025 . (b) Modification to limitations Subsection (d)(1) of such section is amended by striking beginning on October 1, 2023, and ending on December 31, 2024, may not exceed $15,000,000 and inserting beginning on October 1, 2024, and ending on December 31, 2025, may not exceed $75,000,000 . 1206. Modification of United States-Israel anti-tunnel cooperation (a) Authority Subsection (a)(1) of section 1279 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( 22 U.S.C. 8606 note) is amended, in the first sentence, by striking detect, map, and neutralize underground tunnels and inserting detect, map, maneuver in, and neutralize underground tunnels . (b) Annual limitation on amount Subsection (b)(4) of such section is amended by striking $50,000,000 and inserting $80,000,000 . 1207. Extension and modification of authority for Department of Defense support for stabilization activities in the national security interest of the United States Section 1210A of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 133 Stat. 1626) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: (A) in the case of a country specified in paragraph (2), that are in the national security interest of the United States; or ; (2) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following new subsection (d): (d) Limitation With respect to any country specified in subsection (b)(2), no amount of support may be provided under subsection (a) until the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the appropriate committees of Congress notice of the proposed support that includes a description of the manner in which the proposed support corresponds to stabilization objectives articulated in the relevant theater campaign plan, stabilization plan, or integrated country strategy. ; and (3) in subsection (h), by striking December 31, 2025 and inserting December 31, 2027 . 1208. Extension of security cooperation programs with foreign partners to advance implementation of the Women, Peace, and Security Act Section 1208 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2831; 10 U.S.C. 301 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking 2025 and inserting 2027 ; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking 2025 and inserting 2027 . 1209. Extension and modification of Defense Operational Resilience International Cooperation Pilot Program Section 1212 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( 10 U.S.C. 311 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking December 31, 2025 and inserting December 31, 2030 ; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking fiscal years 2023 through 2025 and inserting fiscal years 2023 through 2030 ; and (B) by striking $10,000,000 and inserting $15,000,000 ; and (3) in subsection (f), by striking fiscal years 2023 through 2025 and inserting fiscal years 2023 through 2030 . 1210. Temporary authority to provide training to military forces or national security forces of Costa Rica and Panama In conducting training with friendly foreign countries under section 321 of title 10, United States Code, notwithstanding subsection (a)(2) of that section, beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2030, the general purpose forces of the United States Armed Forces may train with the military forces or national security forces of the following countries: (1) Costa Rica. (2) Panama. 1211. Key partners for Middle East Regional Integration Military Subject Matter Expert Exchange Program (a) In general The Secretary of Defense, using existing authorities, including section 311 of title 10, United States Code, as applicable, and in consultation with the head of any other Federal agency, as appropriate, shall design and implement a foreign military officer subject matter expert exchange program to be known as the Middle East Regional Integration Military Subject Matter Expert Exchange Program (referred to in this section as the exchange program ). (b) Purpose The purpose of the exchange program shall be to facilitate interaction, cultural exchange, and mutual learning of members of participating militaries in support of Middle East regional integration in order to deepen and expand such integration. (c) Membership (1) Composition The exchange program shall be composed of members of the armed forces of participating militaries in support of Middle East regional integration and members of the Armed Forces of the United States. (2) Subject matter (A) In general The Secretary of Defense shall select exchange program participants with a wide range of experiences collectively covering the tactical, operational, and strategic levels. (B) Participant pay grade levels The Secretary of Defense shall include in the exchange program participants at each of the following military pay grades, or equivalent foreign military pay grades: (i) E–7 through E–9. (ii) CW–3 through CW–5. (iii) O–3 through O–9. (iv) Such other pay grade levels at the discretion of the Secretary of Defense. (C) Expertise A participant in the exchange program shall have expertise in one or more of the following subject matter areas: (i) Strategic doctrine. (ii) Defense planning. (iii) Civilian and military relations. (iv) Military law. (v) Public affairs. (vi) Civil affairs. (vii) Military budgeting and acquisitions. (viii) Integrated air and missile defense. (ix) Integrated maritime domain awareness and interdiction. (x) Cyber resilience and defense. (xi) Counterterrorism. (xii) Defense information sharing. (xiii) Any other subject matter area that the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate. (d) Exchange program content The exchange program— (1) shall include learning modalities and methods, as determined by the Exchange Program Coordinator; (2) may include separate agendas and experiences for participants in order to— (A) facilitate interaction on particular topics; (B) cater to participant backgrounds or rank levels; or (C) achieve other pedagogical ends as determined by the Exchange Program Coordinator; and (3) may include discussion, comparison, and information regarding the development of— (A) defense doctrine; (B) exercise development; (C) budget planning; (D) military law and law of armed conflict; (E) military cooperation with civilian agencies; (F) standard operating procedures; (G) operational plans and the operational art; (H) gaps and opportunities for improvement in existing procedures and plans; (I) existing technical challenges; (J) emerging technical challenges; (K) the current and future threat environment; (L) trust and capacity for multilateral sharing of information; (M) additional mechanisms and ideas for integrated cooperation; (N) ways to promote the meaningful participation of women in matters of peace and security; and (O) other content, as appropriate, developed to advance integration and tactical, operational, and strategic proficiency. (e) Meetings Participants in the exchange program shall meet in person not less frequently than quarterly. (f) Exchange Program Coordinator (1) In general The Secretary of Defense shall designate an Exchange Program Coordinator, who shall be assigned to a Department of Defense School, to oversee the exchange program. (2) Duties (2) The Exchange Program Coordinator shall— (A) design the exchange program; (B) ensure that the exchange program complies with the requirements of this section; (C) provide to the Secretary of Defense reports on developments, insights, and progress of the exchange program; and (D) notify the Secretary of Defense of any failure of the exchange program to comply with the in-person requirements of subsection (e). (3) Notification to Congress Not later than 15 days after receiving a notification under paragraph (2)(D), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report describing— (A) the reasons an in-person meeting did not occur during such quarter; and (B) any measures taken to ensure that an in-person meeting occurs during the following quarter. (g) Report (1) In general Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 5 years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report that includes— (A) a summary of the activities of the exchange program during the prior year, including— (i) the countries participating; (ii) the subject matter covered; (iii) developments, insights, and progress achieved through the program; and (iv) any new topics added to the exchange as well as a justification for adding the new topic; (B) an assessment of the effectiveness of the exchange program; and (C) recommendations on further improvements to the exchange program. (2) Form The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (h) Definitions In this section: (1) Department of Defense school The term Department of Defense school means any institution listed in section 1595(c) or section 2162(d) of title 10, United States Code. (2) Participating militaries in support of Middle East regional integration The term participating militaries in support of Middle East regional integration means military allies and partner forces of the United States working to advance regional integration in the Middle East. 1212. Plan to modernize and streamline information technology systems relating to end-use monitoring functions of Defense Security Cooperation Agency (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Security Cooperation Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to modernize and streamline the information technology systems and infrastructure used to carry out the end-use monitoring functions of the Defense Security Cooperation Agency. (b) Elements The plan required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of each information technology system used by the Defense Security Cooperation Agency to carry out end-use monitoring functions. (2) An assessment as to whether such systems are interoperable with each other and with other systems used by the military departments (as defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code) and other relevant Federal agencies. (3) An assessment as to whether such systems are sufficiently user-friendly, including whether the systems rely on manual entry to carry out critical functions, such as populating and updating databases. (4) A description of each initiative of the Defense Security Cooperation Agency to improve its information technology systems related to end-use monitoring, including an identification of the manner in which each such initiative is programmed and funded. (5) A plan, including a timeline and milestones, for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency to achieve a modern and streamlined suite of information technology systems to conduct its end-use monitoring functions. (6) Cost estimates for procuring and operating and maintaining such systems. (7) Any other matter the Director considers relevant. 1213. Extension of modification to authority to provide support for conduct of operations (a) In general Section 1205 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2830) is amended— (1) by striking fiscal years 2023 and 2024 and inserting fiscal years 2023 through 2026 ; and (2) by striking $950,000,000 and inserting $750,000,000 . (b) Plan To provide support for multinational security support mission in Haiti (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to provide support under section 331 of title 10, United States Code, for the multinational security support mission in Haiti. (2) Elements The plan required by paragraph (1) shall, at a minimum, include the following: (A) A list of countries participating in the multinational security support mission in Haiti that are eligible for Department of Defense support under section 331 of title 10, United States Code. (B) A description of the type, cost, and duration of support to be provided. (C) A description of the United States national security interests supported by such mission. (D) A description of known contributions to such mission by the international community. (E) With respect to such mission, a plan and associated timeline for the transition from support provided by the Department of Defense to support provided by other elements of the United States Government and international partners. (c) Report on support provided in fiscal years 2023 and 2024 (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes a summary of support provided under section 331 of title 10, United States Code, during fiscal years 2023 and 2024. (2) Elements The report required by paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (A) A description of operations so supported in each such fiscal year. (B) A list of recipients of such support, including a description of the type and associated cost of such support. 1214. Defense cooperation with Georgia Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a review to determine whether the Department of Defense should continue to support security cooperation, ship visits, and joint military exercises with Georgia. Such review shall include consideration of whether the Government of Georgia is sufficiently committed to protecting the shared values and advancing the common security interests upon which the United Sates-Georgia bilateral defense relationship rest. 1215. Extension of authority to implement the Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017 Section 1210E(a) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking 2025 and inserting 2027 . B Matters relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran 1221. Extension and modification of authority to provide assistance to vetted Syrian groups and individuals (a) Extension Subsection (a) of section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. Buck McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ; 128 Stat. 3541) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2025 . (b) Notice and form Such section is further amended— (1) by striking subsections (b) and (c); and (2) by redesignating subsections (d) through (m) as subsections (b) through (k), respectively. (c) Limitation on cost of construction and repair projects Subsection (j) of such section, as redesignated, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking $20,000,000 and inserting $30,000,000 ; and (2) in paragraph (3)(E), by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2025 . 1222. Extension and modification of authority to provide assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (a) In general Subsection (a) of section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. Buck McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ; 128 Stat. 3559) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (1) by inserting equipment and training to counter threats from unmanned aerial systems, before and sustainment ; and (2) by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2025 . (b) Funding Subsection (g) of such section is amended by striking fiscal year 2024, there is authorized to be appropriated $241,950,000 and inserting fiscal year 2025, there is authorized to be appropriated $380,758,349 . (c) Foreign contributions Subsection (h) of such section is amended— (1) by striking The Secretary and inserting the following: (1) In general The Secretary ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) Use of contributions The dollar amount limitations in subsections (a) and (m) shall not apply with respect to the expenditure of foreign contributions in excess of the limitations described in such subsections. . (d) Waiver authority Subsection (o) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking limitation in subsection (a) and inserting limitations in subsection (a) or (m) ; and (2) in paragraph (6), by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2025 . 1223. Preservation of security and stability in northeast Syria The Secretary of Defense may not reduce the total number of members of the United States Armed Forces serving in northeast Syria to fewer than 400 such personnel until the date on which the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that— (1) vetted Syrian groups and individuals partnering with the United States are able to degrade and defeat threats from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria independent of any training, equipment, or assistance provided to partner forces under section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. Buck McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ; 128 Stat. 3541); and (2) such groups and individuals are able to effectively and humanely detain members of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and significant progress is being made to repatriate detained foreign terrorist fighters of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria to their countries of citizenship, in accordance with all laws and obligations related to the conduct of such operations, including, as applicable— (A) the law of armed conflict; (B) the protection of internationally recognized human rights; (C) the principle of nonrefoulement; (D) the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, done at New York December 10, 1984; and (E) the United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, done at Geneva July 28, 1951, as made applicable by the Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees, done at New York January 31, 1967 (19 UST 6223). 1224. Report on, and prohibition on use of funds to support, terrorist organizations in Iraq (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of the Treasury a report on the Badr Organization that includes the following: (1) A determination of whether other militant organizations have splintered from, or developed as offshoots of, the Badr Organization, Asa’ib Ahl al-Haq, Kata’ib Hezbollah, or any other organization designated as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1189 ) that receives funding from the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, and a list of those militant organizations. (2) A description of the Badr Organization, the People of the Cave, al-Mohandes's Revenge Brigade, the League of Revolutionaries, the Inheritors, and the Bridge of Victors and their involvement in attacks on United States forces, allied forces, and other related entities in Iraq. (3) A description of the involvement of the Badr Organization, the People of the Cave, al-Mohandes's Revenge Brigade, the League of Revolutionaries, the Inheritors, and the Bridge of Victors in human rights violations. (4) The connections of the Badr Organization, the People of the Cave, al-Mohandes's Revenge Brigade, the League of Revolutionaries, the Inheritors, and the Bridge of Victors, to foreign terrorist groups, including an assessment of the links between the Badr Organization and Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, Hezbollah, Asa’ib Ahl al-Haq, Kata’ib Hezbollah, or any other organization designated as a foreign terrorist organization. (b) Prohibition on use of funds None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act may be obligated or expended to support the Badr Organization, the People of the Cave, al-Mohandes's Revenge Brigade, the League of Revolutionaries, the Inheritors, the Bridge of Victors, or any organization included in the report required by subsection (a). 1225. Notification relating to arms trafficking by Iran (a) Congressional notification (1) In general Not later than 30 days after any identified transfer of weapons, ammunition, or component parts by the Islamic Republic of Iran to a terrorist proxy group or state actor outside the territory of Iran, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the congressional defense committees with the notification described in paragraph (2). (2) Notification described The notification described in this paragraph is a notification that includes the following: (A) An identification of— (i) the type and quantity of weapons, ammunition, or component parts transferred by the Islamic Republic of Iran to a terrorist proxy group or state actor outside the territory of Iran; (ii) the intended destination and recipient of such transfer; and (iii) the mode of transportation of such transfer. (B) The status of such transfer at the time of the notification. (C) A description of actions taken or planned to be taken by the United States Armed Forces or the military forces of partner countries to expose, deter, disrupt, or interdict such transfer, and the authorities under which such actions may be taken. (b) Annual report (1) In general Not later than December 31 each year through 2028, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a comprehensive report on transfers of weapons, ammunition, or component parts by the Islamic Republic of Iran to terrorist proxy groups or state actors outside the territory of Iran that were carried out during the calendar year in which the report is submitted. (2) Report requirements Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following for the calendar year in which the report is submitted: (A) The total number of transfers of weapons, ammunition, or component parts by the Islamic Republic of Iran to a terrorist proxy group or state actor outside the territory of Iran. (B) A description of the actions taken by the United States Armed Forces or the military forces of partner countries to expose, deter, disrupt, or interdict any such transfer. (C) A description of any instance in which such a transfer was identified by the United States Armed Forces or the military forces of partner countries, but action was not taken to expose, deter, disrupt, or interdict such transfers. (D) A description of any instance in which such a transfer was so identified, but the United States Armed Forces or the military forces of partner countries lacked the necessary authority to pursue further action. (E) An identification of any country that has been identified as assisting in such a transfer. (F) A description of any additional intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capability required to better counter such transfers. (G) An assessment of any additional multilateral coordination required to better counter such transfers. (3) Form Each report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (c) Weapons, ammunition, or component parts defined The term weapons, ammunition, or component parts means— (1) conventional arms, such as firearms, artillery, and armored vehicles; (2) missiles, rockets, unmanned aerial systems, and other explosive ordnance; (3) military aircraft; (4) naval vessels and equipment related to such vessels; (5) chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear weapons and the delivery systems of such weapons; and (6) the component parts of any item described in any of paragraphs (1) through (5). (d) Termination This section shall cease to have effect on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 1226. Assessment and plan with respect to equipment provided to Kurdish Peshmerga forces (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 120 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (1) a report that assesses whether equipment provided under section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. Buck McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ; 128 Stat. 3558) and designated for Kurdish Peshmerga forces is being provided in a timely manner; and (2) a plan for resolving any delay of such equipment intended for Kurdish Peshmerga forces. (b) Termination This section shall cease to have effect on the date on which the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees that, during a period of more than 540 consecutive days, no delay of such equipment designated for Kurdish Peshmerga forces has occurred. 1227. Modification of annual report on military power of Iran Section 1245(b)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (I), by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (J), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (K) an assessment of the material, financial, and logistical support provided by Iran and proxy groups affiliated with Iran to nonstate actors in the Maghreb region and an analysis of threats posed by such support to the security and interests of the United States and its allies in the region. . C Matters relating to Europe and the Russian Federation 1231. Extension of prohibition on availability of funds relating to sovereignty of the Russian Federation over internationally recognized territory of Ukraine Section 1245(a) of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–236 ; 136 Stat. 2847) is amended by striking or 2024 and inserting , 2024, or 2025 . 1232. Modification of Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative Section 1250 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 129 Stat. 1068) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (5); and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs (6) and (7): (6) Availability of funds for programs across fiscal years Amounts available in a fiscal year to carry out the authority in subsection (a) may be used for programs under that authority that begin in such fiscal year and end not later than the end of the second fiscal year thereafter. (7) Authority for interchange of supplies and services The limitation in subsection (b)(2) of section 2571 of title 10, United States Code, shall not apply with respect to reimbursable support for the purpose of providing assistance under this section. ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: (k) Statement of policy It is the policy of the United States— (1) to assist Ukraine in maintaining credible defense and deterrence capabilities; (2) to bolster security cooperation with Ukraine as a means of building a Ukrainian future force that can defend Ukraine today and deter future aggression; and (3) to advocate for continued security sector reforms in Ukraine. . 1233. Extension and modification of training for Eastern European national security forces in the course of multilateral exercises Section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( 10 U.S.C. 333 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (D) The Republic of Cyprus. ; and (2) in subsection (h), by striking December 31, 2026 each place it appears and inserting December 31, 2027 . 1234. Modifications to North Atlantic Treaty Organization Special Operations Headquarters (a) In general Section 2350r of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking Special Operations Headquarters and inserting Allied Special Operations Forces Command ; (2) in subsection (a), by striking $50,000,000 and inserting $55,000,000 ; and (3) in subsection (b), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking Special Operations Headquarters and inserting Allied Special Operations Forces Command . (b) References Any reference to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Special Operations Headquarters or NATO Special Operations Headquarters in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Allied Special Operations Forces Command. 1235. Report on efforts to identify, disseminate, and implement lessons learned from war in Ukraine (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until December 31, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on Department of Defense efforts to identify, disseminate, and implement throughout the Department lessons learned from the war in Ukraine. (b) Elements Each report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the processes by which the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Secretaries of the military departments, and the heads of Department of Defense components are making efforts to identify, disseminate, and implement throughout the Department lessons learned from the war in Ukraine, including a description of— (A) any working group or other initiative established or tasked to focus on such efforts; and (B) the respective structure and focus area of any such group or initiative. (2) A detailed summary of significant findings and recommendations resulting from such lessons-learned efforts. (3) An identification of the Department organizations with lead responsibility for the implementation of each such significant recommendation, and a timeline with milestones for implementation. 1236. Review, report, and plan regarding logistics networks in North America and Europe (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall commence a review of the adequacy of the logistics networks in North America and Europe for supporting the operational and contingency plans of the United States European Command. (b) Elements The review required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An identification of critical logistical nodes in North America and Europe necessary to support the operational and contingency plans of the United States European Command. (2) An identification of additional critical logistical nodes that may be necessary to support such plans, including any access, basing, or overflight agreements with foreign partners that may be necessary. (3) An assessment of the capacity of the logistical nodes identified under paragraphs (1) and (2) to meet the time-phased force and deployment requirements of such plans, including the facilities and equipment necessary to support such requirements. (c) Report and plan required Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (1) a report that summarizes the results of the review conducted under subsection (a); and (2) a plan, including timelines and assigned responsibilities, for addressing any deficiencies in the logistics networks described in that subsection. 1237. Sense of the Senate on the North Atlantic Treaty Organization It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the success of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization is critical to advancing United States national security objectives in Europe, the Indo-Pacific region, and around the world; (2) 2024 marks 75 years since the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alliance was founded, and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization remains the strongest and most successful military alliance in the world, founded on a commitment by its members to uphold the principles of democracy, individual liberty, and the rule of law; (3) the United States reaffirms its ironclad commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as the foundation of transatlantic security and to upholding its obligations under the North Atlantic Treaty, including its commitment to collective defense under Article 5 of the Treaty; (4) the unprovoked and illegal full-scale invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation has fundamentally altered the security landscape in Europe and necessitates the unrelenting support of the transatlantic alliance for Ukraine's self defense; (5) welcoming Finland and Sweden as the 31st and 32nd members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, respectively, has made the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alliance stronger and has enhanced collective security by increasing the capabilities and stability of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alliance, particularly in the Baltic Sea region and Northern Europe; (6) North Atlantic Treaty Organization member countries that have not yet met the two-percent defense spending pledge, as agreed to at the 2014 Wales Summit, should meet the timeline as expeditiously as possible; (7) it is imperative that the United States and international allies and partners continue every effort to identify, synchronize, and deliver needed assistance to Ukraine as Ukraine continues the fight against the illegal and unjust war of the Russian Federation; (8) the regional plans, agreed to by all North Atlantic Treaty Organization member countries at the Vilnius Summit in 2023, provide important clarity on the forces, capabilities, and readiness levels needed to defend the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alliance, and allies should move expeditiously to implement the plans; (9) the United States and fellow North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies should continue long-term efforts— (A) to improve interoperability among the military forces of North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies so as to enhance collective operations, including the divestment of Soviet-era capabilities; (B) to enhance security sector cooperation and explore opportunities to reinforce civil sector preparedness and resilience measures that may be likely targets of malign influence campaigns; (C) to mitigate the impact of hybrid warfare operations, particularly those in the information and cyber domains; and (D) to expand joint research and development initiatives with a focus on emerging technologies such as quantum computing, artificial intelligence, and machine learning, including through the work of the Defence Innovation Accelerator for the North Atlantic initiative (commonly known as DIANA ); (10) the European Deterrence Initiative remains critically important and has demonstrated its unique value to the United States and North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies during the current Russian Federation-created war against Ukraine; (11) the United States should continue to work with allies and partners to build permanent mechanisms to strengthen supply chains, enhance supply chain security, and fill supply chain gaps; (12) the United States should prioritize collaboration with fellow North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies to secure enduring and robust critical munitions supply chains so as to increase military readiness; (13) the United States and fellow North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies should expand cooperation efforts on cybersecurity issues to prevent adversaries and criminals from compromising critical systems and infrastructure; (14) the Baltic countries, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, continue to serve as model allies, including through their defense investments, modernization of key capabilities, and their steadfast assistance to Ukraine, among myriad other examples; (15) the security situation in the Western Balkans remains dynamic, and military-to-military cooperation among the United States, the European Union, and fellow NATO allies to maintain peace and security in the Western Balkans is critically important; and (16) the efforts of the Russian Federation to assert military, political, and economic dominance in the Black Sea, though unsuccessful, threaten the peace and stability of the littoral countries of the Black Sea and should remain a focus area for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alliance. 1238. Report on defense industrial base cooperation with Ukraine and other allies and partners in Europe (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and the Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on efforts to enhance United States defense industrial base cooperation with Ukraine and with other allies and partners in Europe. (b) Elements The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A detailed list of objectives for enhancing United States defense industrial base cooperation with Ukraine and other allies and partners in Europe, and timelines and metrics for evaluating the attainment of such objectives. (2) An assessment of the current state of United States defense industrial base cooperation with Ukraine and other allies and partners in Europe, including the status of co-development, co-production, and technical data exchange efforts. (3) A description of ongoing and planned initiatives, programs, and activities designed to strengthen United States defense industrial base cooperation with Ukraine and other allies and partners in Europe. (4) A description of initiatives identified by the Ukraine Deal Team announced at the United States-Ukraine Defense Industrial Base conference on December 6, 2023. (5) A description of any statutory, regulatory, or policy challenges that inhibit closer United States defense industrial base cooperation with Ukraine and other allies and partners in Europe. (6) Recommendations relating to United States defense industrial base cooperation. D Matters relating to the Indo-Pacific region 1241. Indo-Pacific Security Assistance Initiative (a) Authority To provide assistance (1) In general The Secretary of Defense, using the authorities provided in chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, and other applicable statutory authorities available to the Secretary, may provide, for the purpose described in paragraph (2), security assistance to— (A) the foreign military and national security forces and ministries of defense (or security agencies serving a similar defense function) of foreign partners in the Indo-Pacific region; and (B) regional organizations with security missions in the Indo-Pacific region. (2) Purpose The purpose described in this paragraph is to enhance one or more of the following: (A) The capabilities of the foreign military and national security forces and ministries of defense (or security agencies serving a similar defense function) of foreign partners in the Indo-Pacific region to defend against coercion and aggression, including by— (i) developing combat capability; (ii) enhancing logistical support; and (iii) enhancing the energy and installation resilience of military and security installations and logistical support facilities, including airports and seaports. (B) The ability of the civilian institutions of such foreign partners to provide oversight and ensure accountability of, or manage, such forces. (C) The capabilities of such forces to safeguard controlled information and advanced technology. (D) The ability of civilian institutions of such foreign partners to provide and share information, support force development decisions, or provide other support to such forces. (b) Additional authority for use of United States inventory and inventory from other sources (1) In general The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may, in such quantity as the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate to achieve the purpose described in subsection (a)(2)— (A) make available to the foreign military and national security forces and ministries of defense (or security agencies serving a similar defense function) of foreign partners in the Indo-Pacific region and regional organizations with security missions in the Indo-Pacific region defense articles and defense services, which may include the recovery or disposal of such defense articles; or (B) make available to the foreign military and national security forces and ministries of defense (or security agencies serving a similar defense function) of foreign partners, and to regional organizations with security missions, defense articles to replenish comparable stocks that such forces or such institutions have provided to other foreign military or national security forces or ministries of defense (or security agencies serving a similar defense function) of foreign partners in the Indo-Pacific region, or to regional organizations with security missions in the Indo-Pacific region. (2) Notification to Congress (A) In general Except as provided in subparagraph (B), not later than 15 days before providing defense articles or defense services under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a notice containing a description of the defense articles or defense services that will be provided, including— (i) the specific recipient of the defense articles or defense services; (ii) objectives of providing the defense articles or defense services; (iii) the budget for providing the defense articles or defense services; and (iv) the anticipated timeline for delivery of the defense articles or defense services. (B) Extraordinary circumstances If the Secretary of Defense determines that extraordinary circumstances require the provision of defense articles or defense services under paragraph (1) before the date that is 15 days after notice of the provision of such defense articles or defense services is provided under subparagraph (A), the Secretary— (i) may provide such defense articles or defense services before that date; and (ii) shall promptly, but not later than 48 hours after the provision of such defense articles or defense services, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress— (I) the notice described in subparagraph (A); and (II) an explanation of the circumstances requiring the provision of such defense articles or defense services before that date. (C) Appropriate committees of Congress defined In this paragraph, the term appropriate committees of Congress means— (i) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (c) Termination The authority provided by this section shall terminate on December 31, 2029. 1242. Indo-Pacific multilateral security assistance initiatives (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall seek to engage with appropriate officials from Japan, Australia, and the Republic of Korea for the purpose of establishing multilateral security assistance initiatives with the national security forces of mutual foreign partners in the Indo-Pacific region. (b) Objectives The objectives of any initiative established under subsection (a) shall be— (1) to build the capacity of the national security forces of mutual foreign partners in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) to enhance interoperability among participating national security forces of such partners; and (3) to coordinate, de-conflict, and efficiently leverage the security assistance efforts of the United States, Japan, Australia, and the Republic of Korea in the Indo-Pacific region. (c) Use of authorities In carrying out an initiative under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense may use the authorities provided in chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, and other applicable statutory authorities available to the Secretary of Defense. (d) Annual report (1) In general Not later than March 1, 2026, and annually thereafter through 2030, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on multilateral security assistance activities carried out under any initiative established under this section. (2) Elements Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of any multilateral security assistance initiative established under this section. (B) An identification of the resources and authorities used to support each such initiative. (C) An identification of any changes to authorities or resources necessary to more effectively carry out multilateral security assistance activities in the Indo-Pacific region. (D) Any other matter the Secretary of Defense considers relevant. (e) Appropriate committees of Congress defined In this section, the term appropriate committees of Congress means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 1243. Extension and modification of Pacific Deterrence Initiative (a) Funding Subsection (c) of section 1251 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) by striking the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 and inserting the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025 ; and (2) by striking fiscal year 2024 and inserting fiscal year 2025 . (b) Reports and briefings Subsection (d) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking fiscal years 2025 and 2026 and inserting fiscal years 2026 and 2027 ; and (ii) in clause (ii), by inserting and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea before the period; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i)(I), by inserting , including in Japan and the Republic of Korea before the period; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new clause: (viii) An annex that includes the requirements, assessments, and plans described in clauses (ii) through (vi), specifically with respect to each of the following: (I) The United States Forces Japan. (II) The United States Forces Korea. ; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking fiscal years 2025 and 2026 each place it appears and inserting fiscal years 2026 and 2027 . (c) Extension of plan Subsection (e) of such section is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking fiscal years 2025 and 2026 and inserting fiscal years 2026 and 2027 . 1244. Extension and modification of authority to transfer funds for Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup Section 1253(b) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ; 134 Stat. 3955) is amended— (1) by striking $15,000,000 and inserting $30,000,000 ; and (2) by striking fiscal year 2024 and inserting fiscal year 2025 . 1245. Modification of Indo-Pacific Maritime Security Initiative Section 1263(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( 10 U.S.C. 333 note) is amended by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following new subparagraphs (A) and (B): (A) to provide assistance to— (i) the national military or other security forces of any such country that has among its functional responsibilities a maritime security mission; and (ii) any other governmental organization of such a country that has among its functional responsibilities a maritime security mission, for purposes of helping to achieve the maritime security cooperation and maritime domain awareness objectives of such country if such assistance is necessary to enable the integration of the activities of the governmental organization with the national military or other security forces described in clause (i); and (B) to provide training to— (i) ministry, agency, and headquarters-level organizations for such forces; or (ii) other governmental organizations described in paragraph (A)(ii). . 1246. Establishment of partnership program between the United States and Taiwan for military trauma care and research (a) In general Not later than March 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall seek to engage with appropriate officials of Taiwan for the purpose of establishing a joint program on military trauma care and research consistent with the Taiwan Relations Act ( 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq. ). (b) Elements At a minimum, such program shall consist of the following: (1) The sharing of relevant lessons learned from military conflicts. (2) The conduct of relevant joint conferences and exchanges with military medical professionals from Taiwan and the United States. (3) Collaboration with the military forces of Taiwan on matters relating to health policy, health administration, and medical supplies and equipment, including through knowledge exchanges. (4) The conduct of joint research and development on the health effects of new and emerging weapons. (5) The entrance into agreements with military medical schools of Taiwan for reciprocal education programs under which students at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences receive specialized military medical instruction at military medical schools of Taiwan and military medical personnel of Taiwan receive specialized military medical instruction at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, pursuant to section 2114(f) of title 10, United States Code. (6) The provision of training and support to Taiwan for the treatment of individuals with extremity trauma, amputations, post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injuries, and any other mental health condition associated with post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injuries, including— (A) the exchange of subject matter expertise; and (B) training and support relating to— (i) advanced clinical skills development; and (ii) clinical case management support. (7) The provision of training to the military forces of Taiwan in the following areas: (A) Health matters relating to chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosive weapons. (B) Preventive medicine and infectious disease. (C) Post-traumatic stress disorder. (D) Suicide prevention. (8) The maintenance of a list of medical supplies and equipment needed. (9) Such other elements as the Secretary of Defense may determine appropriate. (c) Use of authorities In carrying out the joint program authorized under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense may use the authorities under chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, and other applicable statutory authorities available to the Secretary. 1247. Indo-Pacific extended deterrence education pilot program (a) Establishment The Secretary of Defense, using the authorities provided in chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, and other applicable statutory authorities available to the Secretary, may establish a pilot program, including an international defense personnel exchange program, to support the education of covered personnel in— (1) matters relating to nuclear deterrence, nuclear strategy, and nuclear defense strategy; and (2) any other matter the Secretary considers important to strengthening extended nuclear deterrence of— (A) threats to United States allies posed by major-power competitors; and (B) any other persistent nuclear threat identified in the 2022 National Defense Strategy published pursuant to section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code. (b) Institutional partnership (1) In general The Secretary may enter into an agreement with an existing university-affiliated research center or an institution of higher education with recognized subject matter expertise in nuclear deterrence and related matters, and demonstrated relevant experience, for the purpose of developing a curriculum to reinforce extended deterrence through education of covered personnel in deterrence, nuclear strategy, conventional-nuclear integration, command and control, and related matters. (2) Preference in selection In selecting a research center or institution described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, give preference to a research center or institution with one or more established partnerships or academic exchange programs with Australia, Japan, or the Republic of Korea. (c) Covered personnel defined In this section, the term covered personnel means— (1) an employee of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, the Department of Defence, or equivalent component of the Government of Australia; (2) an employee of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Defense, or equivalent component of the Government of Japan; (3) an employee of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of National Defense, or equivalent component of the Government of the Republic of Korea; (4) a member of the military forces of Australia, Japan, or the Republic of Korea; and (5) any other official of the Government of Australia, the Government of Japan, or the Government of the Republic of Korea the Secretary of Defense considers important to the extended deterrence relationship with the United States. 1248. Modifications to implementation plan for joint force headquarters in area of operations of United States Indo-Pacific Command Section 1087(b) of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2802; 10 U.S.C. 161 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking this Act and inserting the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025 ; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (D) as subparagraphs (B) through (E), respectively; and (C) by inserting before subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, the following new subparagraph (A): (A) the establishment of subordinate headquarters in Japan, Australia, and any other locations the Secretary determines necessary; ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (3) Additional elements The plan required by paragraph (1) shall include the following with respect to the United States Armed Forces in Japan and Australia: (A) A description of the mission of the United States Armed Forces in Japan and Australia as of the date on which the plan is submitted and any planned changes to that mission. (B) A plan for exercising administrative control, operational control, and tactical control, as appropriate, for the United States Armed Forces in Japan and Australia. (C) An explanation of the current and anticipated command relationship between— (i) the United States Armed Forces in Japan and Australia; (ii) the joint force headquarters established under subsection (a); and (iii) the United States Indo-Pacific Command and the headquarters of its military department components. (D) An explanation of the current and anticipated relationship between the United States Armed Forces in Japan and the Japan Self-Defense Forces Joint Operations Command. (E) An explanation of the current and anticipated relationship between the United States Armed Forces in Australia and the Australian Headquarters Joint Operations Command. (F) An explanation of the current and anticipated command relationship between the United States Armed Forces in Japan and Australia and other current and planned subordinate joint headquarters of United States Indo-Pacific Command located west of the international date line. (G) An assessment and plan for establishing the facilities and collateral equipment necessary to support modernized command and control of the United States Armed Forces in Japan and Australia. (H) An assessment of, and plan for, providing personnel necessary to support such modernized command and control, including the appropriate rank of the commander of any new or modernized joint command in Japan and Australia. (I) An articulation of specific tasks necessary to modernize command and control of the United States Armed Forces in Japan and Australia, including a timeline and organizational responsibility for each such task. (J) An explanation of any other planned actions to modernize the command and control of the United States Armed Forces in the Indo-Pacific region. (K) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. . 1249. Plan to strengthen United States extended deterrence commitments to the Republic of Korea (a) Plan Not later than March 1, 2025, and annually thereafter through 2029, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a plan to strengthen United States extended deterrence commitments to the Republic of Korea. (b) Elements Each plan required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the resources, budget, and personnel needed to strengthen United States extended deterrence commitments to the Republic of Korea, as identified in the December 16, 2023, Joint Press Statement on the United States-Republic of Korea Nuclear Consultative Group, including such resources, budget, and personnel relating to— (A) nuclear consultation processes between the United States and the Republic of Korea in crises and contingencies; (B) nuclear and strategic planning between the United States and the Republic of Korea; (C) United States-Republic of Korea conventional and nuclear integration; (D) security and information-sharing protocols; (E) exercises, simulations, training, and other investment activities; and (F) risk-reduction practices. (2) An identification of any challenges to upholding United States extended deterrence commitments with respect to any activity described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of paragraph (1). (3) Any other matter the Secretary of Defense considers relevant. (c) Appropriate committees of Congress In this section, the term appropriate committees of Congress means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 1250. Plan and annual report relating to trilateral security cooperation with Japan and the Republic of Korea (a) Plan (1) In general Not later than March 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a plan to advance trilateral security cooperation among the United States, Japan, and the Republic of Korea. (2) Elements The plan required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the resources, budget, and personnel necessary to advance trilateral security cooperation among the United States, Japan, and the Republic of Korea, including with respect to activities relating to— (i) trilateral communication mechanisms, consultations, and senior leader engagements; (ii) ballistic missile defense, including real-time information sharing; (iii) trilateral security cooperation exercises and other activities under the multi-year trilateral exercise plan agreed to by the United States, Japan, and the Republic of Korea in August 2023; (iv) the Trilateral Maritime Security Cooperation Framework established by the United States, Japan, and the Republic of Korea in August 2023; (v) countering malicious cyber and disinformation activities; and (vi) disaster relief and humanitarian assistance activities. (B) An identification of challenges to improving such trilateral security cooperation with respect to the activities described in subparagraph (A). (C) Any other matter the Secretary of Defense considers relevant. (b) Annual report Not later than March 1, 2026 and annually thereafter through 2029, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on trilateral security cooperation among the United States, Japan, and the Republic of Korea that includes, with respect to the activities described in subsection (a)(2)(A), a description of any such activities conducted during the preceding year. (c) Appropriate committees of Congress defined In this section, the term appropriate committees of Congress means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 1251. Modification of reporting requirement for transfer of defense articles and defense services to Taiwan Paragraph (3) of section 1259A(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ; 131 Stat. 11685; 22 U.S.C. 3302 note) is amended to read as follows: (3) Form Each report required under paragraph (1) may be submitted in classified form. . 1252. Implementation plan to support establishment of regional contingency stockpile for Taiwan (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a multiyear implementation plan for Department of Defense activities necessary to support the establishment of a regional contingency stockpile for Taiwan pursuant to section 5503(b) of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 3298). (b) Elements The plan required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An identification of potential locations for the establishment of a regional contingency stockpile for Taiwan. (2) A description of existing or additional international agreements that would be required to enable the establishment of such stockpile locations. (3) A list of equipment and supplies, and estimated quantities of such equipment and supplies, required for such a stockpile. (4) An estimated timeline for the establishment of such a stockpile. (5) An identification of any additional authorities and resources necessary for establishing such a stockpile. (6) Any other matter the Secretary of Defense considers relevant. (c) Appropriate committees of Congress In this section, the term appropriate committees of Congress means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 1253. Consideration of Taiwan for enhanced defense industrial base cooperation (a) Enhanced defense industrial base cooperation (1) In general Consistent with the Taiwan Relations Act ( 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq. ), the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the head of any other relevant Federal department or agency, shall take measures to ensure that Taiwan is appropriately considered for enhanced defense industrial base cooperation activities aligned with the United States National Defense Industrial Strategy to expand global defense production, increase supply chain security and resilience, and meet the defense needs of Taiwan. (2) Elements Consideration for enhanced defense industrial base cooperation activities under paragraph (1) shall include the consideration of Taiwan for the following: (A) Eligibility for funding to initiate or facilitate cooperative research, development, testing, or evaluation projects with the Department of Defense. (B) Eligibility to enter into a memorandum of understanding or other formal agreement with the Department of Defense for the purpose of conducting cooperative research and development projects on defense equipment and munitions, with a focus on enhancing the defense industry and supply chain resilience of Taiwan. (b) Feasibility study (1) In general The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall conduct a study on the feasibility and advisability of entering into one or more defense industrial agreements with Taiwan. (2) Elements The study required by paragraph (1) shall— (A) evaluate the strategic benefits and implications of entering into a defense industrial agreement with Taiwan, including with respect to— (i) long-term supply chain security and resilience; (ii) mutual supply of defense goods and services; (iii) supply of regional maintenance, repair, and overhaul capabilities and any other support capability the Secretary considers appropriate; and (iv) the promotion of interoperability; (B) account for the legal, economic, and defense policy aspects of a closer defense procurement partnership between the United States and Taiwan; (C) identify defense capabilities developed and produced in Taiwan that— (i) may benefit from defense industrial agreements between the United States and Taiwan; and (ii) may require expedited technology release and disclosure for components produced in the United States; and (D) identify defense capabilities developed in the United States with respect to which co-production in Taiwan may support the resilience of the defense industrial base of Taiwan. (3) Consultation In conducting the study required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall consult with representatives of Taiwan and industry, as appropriate. (4) Report Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), including lists of the defense capabilities identified under subparagraphs (C) and (D) of paragraph (2). 1254. Transregional strategy for countering malign activities by the People’s Liberation Army (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a transregional strategy for exposing and, as appropriate, countering malign activities by the People’s Liberation Army of the People's Republic of China. (b) Elements The strategy required by subsection (a) shall address efforts by the People’s Liberation Army— (1) to expand overseas military basing; (2) to spread misinformation and disinformation; (3) to infringe on the sovereignty of United States allies and partners; (4) to proliferate military equipment made in or by the People's Republic of China; and (5) any other matter the Secretary considers relevant. (c) Geographic combatant command lead responsibilities Concurrently with the submission of the strategy required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall designate, within each geographic combatant command (other than the United States Indo-Pacific Command), lead components for coordinating transregional efforts to counter malign activities by the People’s Liberation Army. 1255. Assessment of use of Department of Defense facilities in Guam as multinational training locations (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of using existing Department of Defense facilities in Guam to host training detachments of the military forces of foreign partner countries on a permanent or rotational basis. (b) Elements The assessment required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the manner in which using existing Department of Defense facilities in Guam to host training detachments of the military forces of foreign partner countries on a permanent or rotational basis may support the objectives of the National Defense Strategy. (2) A description of the benefits of hosting such detachments at such facilities, including opportunities to conduct bilateral and multilateral exercises. (3) An identification of the facilities improvements necessary to support such detachments at such facilities on a permanent or rotational basis, including improvements necessary for operational, support, and quality-of-life purposes. (4) An identification of any memorandum of understanding or other agreement necessary to enable the hosting of such detachments at such facilities on a permanent or rotational basis. (5) A description of any challenges to hosting such detachments at such facilities on a permanent or rotational basis, including any counterintelligence or other consideration and potential actions to mitigate such challenges. (6) Any other matter the Secretary considers relevant. 1256. Report on costs of meeting certain requirements of foreign partners relating to agriculture, fisheries, and forestry (a) Report Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on requirements relating to agriculture, fisheries, and forestry imposed by the government of a foreign partner on personnel and equipment of the United States Armed Forces in the area of operations of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. (b) Elements The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of each requirement relating to agriculture, fisheries, or forestry imposed by the government of a foreign partner on personnel and equipment of the United States Armed Forces in the area of operations of the United States Indo-Pacific Command, including an identification of the applicable foreign partner. (2) An estimate of the annual cost to the Department of Defense associated with meeting such requirements, including the number of days of labor by Department of Defense officials associated with meeting such requirement. (3) A description of efforts to mitigate such costs, including through consultations with applicable foreign partners. (4) Any other matter the Secretary considers relevant. (c) Form The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 1257. Returning civic action teams to the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia (a) Report (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on— (A) the activities of civic action teams in the Republic of Palau under the Palau Compact of Free Association Act ( Public Law 99–658 ; 100 Stat. 3672); and (B) the feasibility and advisability of restoring the presence of civic action teams in the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia, as authorized under the Compact of Free Association Act of 1985 ( Public Law 99–239 ; 99 Stat. 239) and the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 ( Public Law 108–188 ; 117 Stat. 2720). (2) Elements The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of existing operations conducted by civic action teams in the Republic of Palau. (B) A description of the manner in which such operations— (i) improve the quality of life of residents of the Republic of Palau; and (ii) advance the national security interests of the United States. (C) An analysis of the manner in which the similar operations conducted by civic action teams in the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia could— (i) improve the quality of life for residents of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia; and (ii) advance the national security interests of the United States. (D) An assessment of the resources, personnel, and authorities necessary for restoring the presence of civic action teams in the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia. (E) A timeline for restoring the presence of civic action teams in the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia, as the Secretary of Defense considers feasible and advisable. (F) A description of any factor that may delay or prevent the restoration of such presence, including— (i) any challenge to finding a suitable location to house the civic action team that may also— (I) serve as a workplace; and (II) store large construction equipment; and (ii) any other factor the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. (G) The estimated cost of implementing the plan. (b) Authorization The Secretary shall build on the historic and close relationship between the United States and the Freely Associated States by examining opportunities to expand defense cooperation with the Freely Associated States, including by studying the feasibility and advisability of directing Department of Defense resources and personnel to provide to the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia construction support, infrastructure maintenance, and training in construction skills. (c) Definitions In this section: (1) Appropriate committees of Congress The term appropriate committees of Congress means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) Civic action team The term civic action team — (A) means a designated force or unit of an active or reserve component of the United States Armed Forces that is organized, trained, and equipped to conduct civil-military operations in support of military objectives relating to the maintenance of stability within a host country; and (B) includes any such force or unit that specializes in economic stability, infrastructure, public education, and public health. (3) Freely Associated States The term Freely Associated States means the following: (A) The Republic of Palau. (B) The Republic of the Marshall Islands. (C) The Federated States of Micronesia. 1258. Modification of public reporting of Chinese military companies operating in the United States Section 1260H of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ; 134 Stat. 3965; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking Concurrent with and inserting the following: (A) In general Concurrent with ; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: (B) Inclusion The publication required by subparagraph (A) shall include, for each entity included in the unclassified portion of such list, the justification for inclusion in such list. ; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking Ongoing and inserting Annual ; and (ii) by striking on an ongoing basis and inserting not less frequently than annually ; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking and ; (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (C) includes a wholly-owned or wholly-controlled subsidiary or affiliate of such an entity. ; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by amending subparagraphs (A) and (B) to read as follows: (A) Entities knowingly receiving assistance from the Government of China or the Chinese Communist Party through science, technology, research, and industrial efforts initiated, granted, or created by, or provided under, or related to, the Chinese military industrial planning apparatus, or in furtherance of Chinese military industrial planning objectives, including— (i) any award, honor, incentive, or recognition (including selection or designation as a Single Champion , Little Giant , or any other selection or designation) as an enterprise associated with industrial planning or military-civil fusion efforts; (ii) participation in a research, science, or technology conference, event, partnership, or project; or (iii) funding or other financial assistance related to a science, technology, research, military, or industrial effort. (B) Entities managed, overseen, or supervised by, otherwise under the control of, or affiliated with (including by means of participation in research partnerships and projects)— (i) the Chinese Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT); (ii) the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council (SASAC); (iii) the State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense (SASTIND) or any university, laboratory, or institute supported by or associated with SASTIND; (iv) the Ministry of State Security (MSS); or (v) the People’s Liberation Army. ; (ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking such as and inserting including ; (iii) by redesignating subparagraph (H) as subparagraph (J); and (iv) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following new subparagraphs (H) and (I): (H) Entities participating in conferences, events, or research activities hosted or sponsored by the People’s Liberation Army. (I) Any entity that directly or indirectly produces, researches, or provides a component that is integrated into a weapons system or platform of the People’s Liberation Army. ; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting or intelligence after security ; and (ii) by inserting , including other Chinese military and paramilitary elements, security forces, police, law enforcement, border control, and the Ministry of State Security before the period at the end; (D) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); and (E) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph (3): (3) Operating directly or indirectly in the United States or any of its territories and possessions With respect to an entity, the term operating directly or indirectly in the United States or any of its territories and possessions includes an entity selling goods in, or receiving goods or services from, the United States or any of its territories or possessions, regardless of whether the entity has a physical presence in the United States. ; (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (g); and (4) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsections: (d) Defense industrial base report (1) In general Not later than December 31, 2026, and biennially thereafter through December 31, 2031, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the status of Department of Defense procurement restrictions on entities included in the list described in subsection (b)(1). (2) Elements Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A list of each entity included in the list described in subsection (b)(1) that is likely present in the United States defense industrial base. (B) Available unclassified data on any such entity and its presence within the United States defense industrial base. (C) A description of any update to policies or procedures implemented to enforce procurement restrictions on entities included in the list described in subsection (b)(1). (e) Rules, regulations, and implementation The Secretary shall promulgate such reasonable rules, procedures, and regulations as are necessary to implement this section, including for advance notice, appeal, or deletion of any entity from the list described in subsection (b)(1). (f) Establishment of office The Secretary is authorized to establish or nominate, within the office of Industrial Base Policy of the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, an office to implement this section and identify civil-military fusion contributors within the People’s Republic of China. . 1259. Annual report on military capabilities of allies and partners in Indo-Pacific region (a) In general Not later than March 1, 2025, and annually thereafter through 2029, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the military capabilities of allies and partners of the United States in the Indo-Pacific region, including treaty allies of the United States, countries that host a significant United States military presence, and any other foreign partner with which the United States maintains a significant security cooperation relationship. (b) Elements Each report required by subsection (a) shall include, for each ally or partner of the United States in the Indo-Pacific region, the following: (1) A description of the size, location, capabilities, and readiness of the land, sea, and air forces of the ally or partner. (2) A description of significant military modernization objectives and activities of the ally or partner. (3) An assessment of the military spending of the ally or partner. (4) A summary of developments in the military doctrine and training approaches of the ally or partner. (5) An identification of current and potential future military cooperation activities and military exercises conducted between the military forces of the ally or partner and the United States Armed Forces. (6) A description of the current and potential future access-related agreements between the ally or partner and the United States Armed Forces. (7) An assessment of— (A) the contributions of the ally or partner to the achievement of mutual security objectives; and (B) the ability of the ally or partner to participate in bilateral or multilateral operations with the United States Armed Forces. (8) An assessment of the capacity of the civilian infrastructure of the ally or partner to enable military operations in wartime. (9) A description of any other military or security development relating to the military capabilities of the ally or partner the Secretary of Defense considers relevant to United States national security. (c) Form Each report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 1260. Review, report, and plan on adequacy of logistics network in Indo-Pacific region (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall commence a review of the adequacy of the logistics network in the Indo-Pacific region for supporting the operational and contingency plans of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. (b) Elements The review required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An identification of critical logistical nodes in the Indo-Pacific region necessary to support the operational and contingency plans of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. (2) An identification of additional critical logistical nodes that may be necessary to support such plans, including any access, basing, and overflight agreements with foreign partners that may be necessary. (3) An assessment of the capacity of the logistical nodes identified under paragraphs (1) and (2) to meet the time-phased force and deployment requirements of such plans, including the facilities, equipment, infrastructure other than Department of Defense infrastructure (including airports, seaports, railways, and roads), and workforce necessary to support such requirements. (c) Report and plan required Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (1) a report on the results of the review conducted under subsection (a); and (2) a plan, including timelines and assigned responsibilities, for addressing any deficiencies in the logistics network described in that subsection. 1261. Fielding of a common operating picture with Taiwan (a) In general Consistent with the Taiwan Relations Act ( 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq. ) and not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to engage with appropriate officials of Taiwan for the purpose of fielding capabilities to provide the military forces of Taiwan and the United States Indo-Pacific Command a common operating picture. (b) Authorities The Secretary may utilize the authorities provided in chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, and any other applicable statutory authority available to the Secretary for accomplishing the purposes specified in subsection (a). 1262. Report on corruption in People's Liberation Army (a) In general Not later than June 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on corruption in the People’s Liberation Army, which shall, at a minimum, include the following: (1) An assessment of the impact of corruption on the following: (A) Personnel assignment. (B) Training. (C) Acquisition and procurement. (D) Military operations. (E) Budget. (F) Military readiness. (G) Logistics. (H) Military construction. (2) An assessment of the extent to which members of the Central Military Commission of the Chinese Communist Party and members of their families engage in corruption as described in paragraph (1). (b) Form The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex if necessary. (c) Appropriate committees of Congress defined In this section, the term appropriate committees of Congress means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 1263. Sense of the Senate on defense alliances and partnerships in the Indo-Pacific region It is the sense of the Senate that the Secretary of Defense should continue efforts that strengthen United States defense alliances and partnerships in the Indo-Pacific region so as to further the comparative advantage of the United States in strategic competition with the People’s Republic of China, including by— (1) enhancing cooperation with Japan, consistent with the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security Between the United States of America and Japan, signed at Washington, January 19, 1960, including by developing advanced military capabilities, upgrading command and control relationships, fostering interoperability across all domains, and improving sharing of information and intelligence; (2) reinforcing the United States alliance with the Republic of Korea, including by maintaining the presence of approximately 28,500 members of the United States Armed Forces deployed to the Republic of Korea and affirming the United States extended deterrence commitment using the full range of United States defense capabilities, consistent with the Mutual Defense Treaty Between the United States and the Republic of Korea, signed at Washington, October 1, 1953, in support of the shared objective of a peaceful and stable Korean Peninsula; (3) fostering bilateral and multilateral cooperation with Australia, consistent with the Security Treaty Between Australia, New Zealand, and the United States of America, signed at San Francisco, September, 1951, and through the partnership among Australia, the United Kingdom, and United States (commonly known as AUKUS )— (A) to advance shared security objectives; (B) to accelerate the fielding of advanced military capabilities; and (C) to build the capacity of emerging partners; (4) advancing United States alliances with the Philippines and Thailand and United States partnerships with other partners in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations to enhance maritime domain awareness, promote sovereignty and territorial integrity, leverage technology and promote innovation, and support an open, inclusive, and rules-based regional architecture; (5) broadening United States engagement with India, including through the Quadrilateral Security Dialogue— (A) to advance the shared objective of a free and open Indo-Pacific region through bilateral and multilateral engagements and participation in military exercises, expanded defense trade, and collaboration on humanitarian aid and disaster response; and (B) to enable greater cooperation on maritime security; (6) strengthening the United States partnership with Taiwan, consistent with the Three Communiques, the Taiwan Relations Act ( Public Law 96–8 ; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq. ), and the Six Assurances, with the goal of improving Taiwan’s defensive capabilities and promoting peaceful cross-strait relations; (7) reinforcing the status of the Republic of Singapore as a Major Security Cooperation Partner of the United States and continuing to strengthen defense and security cooperation between the military forces of the Republic of Singapore and the United States Armed Forces, including through participation in combined exercises and training; (8) engaging with the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Republic of Palau, and other Pacific island countries, with the goal of strengthening regional security and addressing issues of mutual concern, including protecting fisheries from illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing; (9) collaborating with Canada, the United Kingdom, France, and other members of the European Union and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization to build connectivity and advance a shared vision for the region that is principled, long-term, and anchored in democratic resilience; and (10) investing in enhanced military posture and capabilities in the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command and strengthening cooperation in bilateral relationships, multilateral partnerships, and other international fora to uphold global security and shared principles, with the goal of ensuring the maintenance of a free and open Indo-Pacific region. 1264. Modification of cooperative program with Vietnam to account for Vietnamese personnel missing in action (a) In general Section 1245 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 1986; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and inserting Vietnam Wartime Accounting Initiative ; (2) in subsection (a), by striking Vietnamese personnel missing in action and inserting killed or missing Vietnamese persons from the Vietnam War (referred to in this section as missing persons from the Vietnam War ) ; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting verification, after digitization, ; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking conduct archival research, investigations, and excavations and inserting manage archival information and personal data ; and (C) by amending paragraphs (3) and (4) to read as follows: (3) Supporting activities to build the capacity of Vietnam for locating, recovering, and conducting DNA analysis and identification of, missing persons from the Vietnam War. (4) Increasing exchanges, training, and dialogue among veterans and families of missing persons form the Vietnam War. ; (4) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); (5) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): (c) Designation of lead coordinating office The Secretary shall designate an office within the Department of Defense to serve as the lead coordinating office for the program carried out under this section. ; and (6) in subsection (d), as redesignated, by striking October 1, 2026 and inserting October 1, 2031 . (b) Clerical amendments (1) The table of contents at the beginning of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 1541) is amended by striking the item relating to section 1245 and inserting the following: Sec. 1245. Vietnam Wartime Accounting Initiative. . (2) The table of contents at the beginning of title XII of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 1956) is amended by striking the item relating to section 1245 and inserting the following: Sec. 1245. Vietnam Wartime Accounting Initiative. . 1265. Prohibition on use of funds for EcoHealth Alliance None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act may be made available, directly or indirectly, to— (1) EcoHealth Alliance, Inc.; or (2) any subsidiary of EcoHealth Alliance, Inc. E Reports 1271. Report on cooperation between the Russian Federation and the People's Republic of China (a) Report required Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report assessing the military cooperation between the People’s Republic of China and the Russian Federation. (b) Elements The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the nature of the relationship between the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China; (2) a review of the military cooperation between Russia and China that occurred over the last year, including military drills, exercises, technical cooperation, weapons sales, and military-to-military dialogues; (3) a list of any planned exercises between the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China; (4) a review of any cooperation between the two countries on nuclear weapons that occurred over the last year; (5) a description of technology sharing between the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China, including— (A) a description of the missile technology shared between Chinese companies and Russian companies, to include any sale, exploitation, co-development, proliferation, future missile development, or joint employment of any type of missile, including air-to-air, surface-to-air, air-to-surface, surface-to-surface, cruise, ballistic, and hypersonic missiles; (B) a description of stealth or counter-stealth technology development between the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China, including any information sharing of United States or foreign programs; and (C) a description of drone technology sharing, including drone manufacture, sale, and distribution, the sale of subcomponents, training on drone technology, network data sharing, and battlefield feedback; and (6) an assessment of the implications of such Russian-Chinese military cooperation for Untied States national security, including— (A) an assessment of the risk of opportunistic aggression should the United States enter into a conflict with either Russia or China; (B) an assessment of actions the Government of the Russian Federation may take in the event of a conflict or crisis between the United States and the People’s Republic of China in the Indo-Pacific theater and an assessment of actions the Government of the People’s Republic of China may take in the event of a conflict or crisis between the United States and the Russian Federation in the European theater; (C) an evaluation of how the growing military relationship between the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China impacts United States military operations both in peacetime and in wartime; (D) an evaluation of how combined drills and exercises between Russia and China may benefit each country; (E) a description of how Russia and China would continue to train together in the event of conflict with the United States; (F) an assessment of the implications of Russian-Chinese nuclear weapons cooperation on United States nuclear deterrence and strategic stability; (G) an evaluation of the impacts on United States national security of missile, stealth, and drone technology sharing between the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China; (H) identification of future pathways for advanced military cooperation between Russia and China; and (I) any other considerations or implications the Secretary determines necessary to include. (c) Form The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. F Other matters 1281. Quarterly briefings on counterterrorism operations, irregular warfare, and sensitive activities (a) In general Section 485 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking Monthly counterterrorism operations briefings and inserting Quarterly briefings on counterterrorism operations, irregular warfare, and sensitive activities ; and (2) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: (a) Briefings required The Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees quarterly briefings on counterterrorism operations and related activities (including the use of military force under the notion of collective self-defense of foreign partners), irregular warfare activities, and other sensitive activities conducted by the Department of Defense. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for chapter 23 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 485 and inserting the following: 485. Quarterly briefings on counterterrorism operations, irregular warfare, and sensitive activities. . 1282. Extension and modification of security briefings on Afghanistan Section 1092(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 1934) is amended by striking Not later than January 15, 2022, and every 90 days thereafter through December 31, 2025, and inserting Not later than January 15, 2025, and every 120 days thereafter through December 31, 2026, . 1283. Multilateral Artificial Intelligence Working Group (a) Establishment (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a working group to develop and coordinate an artificial intelligence initiative among the allies and partners of the United States. (2) Designation The working group established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be known as the Multilateral Artificial Intelligence Working Group (in this section referred to as the Working Group ). (b) Organization (1) Designation of head The Secretary shall designate a senior civilian officer of the Department of Defense or senior military officer with experience leading relevant efforts, as determined by the Secretary, to serve as the head of the Working Group. (2) Participation by other member countries The Secretary shall determine participation of allies and partners of the United States in the Working Group. (c) Responsibilities The responsibilities of the Working Group shall be to develop and coordinate efforts to implement an artificial intelligence initiative between the Department of Defense and allies and partners of the United States— (1) to compare— (A) the various artificial intelligence systems and the elements thereof (including machine learning and generative artificial intelligence such as large language models) used for covered operational uses by such members; and (B) the respective practices associated with the employment of such systems for covered operational uses by such members; (2) to identify (including by experimenting, testing, and evaluating) potential solutions to advance and accelerate the interoperability of artificial intelligence systems used for intelligence sharing, battlespace awareness, and other covered operational uses; (3) to test and evaluate the effects of artificial intelligence model redundancy, including the risks and safety measures associated with operating multiple artificial intelligence systems, including in tandem with one another; (4) to develop a shared strategy for the research, development, test, evaluation, and employment of artificial intelligence systems for covered operational uses carried out in concert with the member countries; (5) to develop a shared strategy for— (A) managing data-informed artificial intelligence systems; and (B) testing and evaluating artificial intelligence systems with combined datasets at the unclassified and classified levels; (6) to test and evaluate the capabilities of the defense industrial base of the member countries to incorporate artificial intelligence systems into systems used for covered operational uses; (7) to compare and implement ethical frameworks to accelerate technological advancements with respect to artificial intelligence systems; (8) to expand innovation efforts by the member countries and share among such countries best practices for the accelerated procurement and adoption of artificial intelligence technologies for covered operational uses; (9) to leverage commercially available artificial intelligence technologies to advance near-term jointness between the military forces of the member countries; (10) to jointly identify and source artificial intelligence systems, as practicable, and advise member countries with respect to export controls applicable to such systems; and (11) to carry out such other activities as the Secretary determines to be relevant to such responsibilities. (d) Control of knowledge and technical data The Secretary shall seek to ensure that any knowledge or technical data produced by a member country under any cooperative project carried out by the Working Group shall be controlled by that country under the export control laws and regulations of that country and shall not be subject to the jurisdiction or control of any other member country. (e) Plan and reports (1) Plan (A) Submission Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the establishment and activities of the Working Group. (B) Elements The plan under subparagraph (A) shall include— (i) a plan for the establishment of the Working Group; (ii) a description of any funding requirements or administrative support necessary to carry out this section; (iii) a description of any additional statutory authorities necessary to carry out this section; (iv) a plan for the fulfillment of responsibilities under subsection (c) by the Working Group; (v) an evaluation of existing multilateral artificial intelligence efforts; (vi) a plan for the integration of the artificial intelligence initiative developed and coordinated by the Working Group with other programs and initiatives of the elements of the Department of Defense with responsibilities relating to mutual security and artificial intelligence efforts among the member countries; (vii) performance indicators by which the activities of the Working Group will be assessed; and (viii) a description of how efforts of the commanders of the combatant commands relating to military interoperability and test and evaluation of artificial intelligence systems will leverage the Working Group. (2) Semiannual report Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and on a semiannual basis thereafter until the date of termination under subsection (f), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the activities and milestones of the Working Group. Each such report shall include, with respect to the period covered by the report— (A) an assessment of the activities of the Working Group based on the performance indicators set forth in the plan under paragraph (1)(B)(vii); and (B) a description of any efforts of the commanders of the combatant commands taken in support of the responsibilities of the Working Group. (f) Termination (1) In general Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Working Group shall terminate on September 30, 2028. (2) Authority to extend The Secretary may extend the termination date under paragraph (1) if the Secretary determines such extension to be in the national security interests of the United States. (g) Definitions In this section: (1) The term battlespace awareness has the meaning given that term in the Joint Publication 1–02 of the Department of Defense, titled Department of Defense Dictionary of Military and Associated Terms , or successor publication. (2) The term covered operational use means use by a government for operations in a defense context. (3) The term member country means a member country of the Working Group. 1284. Report on Department of Defense role in supporting international legal operations (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the head of any other relevant Federal department or agency, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the role of the Department of Defense in supporting whole-of-government efforts to identify and expose the international legal operations of malign actors. (b) Elements The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A definition of the term international legal operations and a description of the scope of application and usefulness of international legal operations in all phases of military conflict. (2) An assessment of the threats posed to the United States and its allies and partners by hostile, gray-zone, or subconflict international legal operations waged by United States strategic competitors and potential adversaries, including the People’s Republic of China, the Russian Federation, and Iran. (3) An assessment of, and a description of lessons learned from, the international legal operations (or similar strategies or doctrines) and related coordinating offices and entities of— (A) strategic competitors and potential adversaries of the United States; (B) the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and (C) allies and partners of the United States. (4) A summary of current Department of Defense activities to support interdepartmental or interagency initiatives of the United States Government applicable to international legal operations, and the costs and benefits of such initiatives. (5) An assessment of each public affairs officer program of the Armed Forces relating to engaging in and defending against international legal operations, including an assessment as to whether such program is— (A) being effectively used to counter disinformation stemming from adversary legal claims and other forms of disinformation; (B) coordinating effectively with the Global Engagement Center of the Department of State to coordinate and amplify United States public messaging efforts; and (C) coordinating with judge advocates of the Armed Forces on public messaging relating to the performance of their duties. (6) Recommendations for improving coordination between the Department of Defense and other Federal agencies on the use of legal tools to achieve national strategic objectives. Such recommendations shall take into consideration areas of law in which it may be advisable to develop standard practices for the Department of Defense to support national security-sensitive litigation, particularly in the maritime domain. (7) Recommendations on the manner in which the Secretary of Defense may best support whole-of-government efforts to counter hostile international legal operations and conduct international legal operations, including through public messaging. (c) Format The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (d) Appropriate committees of Congress defined In this section, the term appropriate committees of Congress means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 1285. Report and briefing on security implications of water scarcity and food security for United States Central Command (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report, and provide the congressional defense committees with a briefing, on the feasibility and advisability of including water scarcity and food security in the risk assessments and operational plans of the United States Central Command. (b) Elements The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of each of the following: (A) The security and operational resilience risks associated with regional water scarcity. (B) The cross-border security and operational resilience ramifications of the challenges of water scarcity and food insecurity in the area of responsibility of the United States Central Command. (C) The implications of such challenges for United States and partner country capabilities and defense postures in such area of responsibility, including the implications for— (i) members of the United States Armed Forces and members of the military forces of partner countries; and (ii) platforms, weapons systems, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities, physical infrastructure, and supply chains. (D) The feasibility and advisability of integrating the security implications of such challenges into risk assessments. (2) An evaluation of the feasibility, benefits, and expected outcomes of establishing an interagency working group with eligible participants to address water scarcity and food security within the area of responsibility of the United States Central Command. (c) Eligible participant defined In this section, the term eligible participant means— (1) a partner country within the area of responsibility of the United States Central Command or a representative of such a partner country; and (2) any other participant within such area of responsibility the Commander of the United States Central Command considers appropriate, including an expert from government, civil society, academia, or the private sector. 1286. Notifications regarding terrorist groups in Afghanistan (a) In general Not later than 30 days after the Secretary of Defense identifies any new training facility in Afghanistan that is operated or staffed by al-Qaeda, ISIS Khorasan, or any other United States-designated terrorist organization, or at which members of any such terrorist organization receives training, the Secretary shall provide the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives with a notification that includes the following: (1) A description of the location of the training facility. (2) An identification of the one or more terrorist groups operating, staffing, or being trained at the facility. (3) An assessment of the purpose of the facility. (4) An assessment as to whether the Taliban has provided any support to the facility, or whether the Taliban is taking action to close the facility consistent with its obligations under the February 29, 2020, United States-Taliban agreement. (5) An assessment as to whether there is a risk that the facility is being used to plan or train for a terrorist attack outside Afghanistan. (b) Form Each notification required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex for the assessments described in paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) of that subsection. 1287. Report and briefing on Al-Udeid Air Base in Qatar (a) In general Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report and provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the operational value of the Al-Udeid Air Base in Qatar, taking into consideration the relationship of the Government of Qatar with Hamas and other terrorist organizations. (b) Contents The report required by subsection (a) shall include an assessment of each of the following: (1) Whether the relationship of the Government of Qatar with United States-designated terrorist organizations undermines the national security interests of the United States. (2) The operational value of the Al-Udeid Air Base in Qatar. (3) The effect on United States Air Force operations in the Middle East if the United States were to redeploy members of the United States Air Force from Al-Udeid Air Base. (4) The resources that would be required to redeploy members of the United States Air Force from Al-Udeid Air Base. (c) Form The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 1288. Middle East integrated space and satellite security capability (a) In general The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall seek to build upon the historic opportunities created by the Abraham Accords and the incorporation of Israel into the area of responsibility of the United States Central Command to develop a Middle East integrated space and satellite security strategy and a multilateral data-sharing agreement for the purpose of protecting the people, infrastructure, and territory of ally and partner countries in the Middle East from hostile activities conducted by adversaries against space systems of the United States or such countries. (b) Strategy (1) In general Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a strategy for the cooperation described in subsection (a). (2) Matters to be included The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the threats posed to the United States and ally or partner countries in the Middle East by adversaries conducting hostile activities— (i) against space systems of the United States or such countries; and (ii) using capabilities positioned or transiting through space. (B) A description of progress made in— (i) advancing the integration of Israel into existing multilateral space and satellite security partnerships; or (ii) establishing such partnerships with Israel. (C) A description of efforts among ally and partner countries in the Middle East to coordinate intelligence, reconnaissance, and surveillance capabilities and indicators and warnings with respect to the threats described in subparagraph (A), and a description of any impediment to optimizing such efforts. (D) An assessment of any current capability gaps in the ability of the Department of Defense to provide space situational awareness in the Middle East. (E) A description of the current Department of Defense systems that provide awareness of and defend against such threats. (F) An explanation of the manner in which a multilateral space situational awareness data-sharing agreement and an integrated space and satellite security architecture would improve collective security in the Middle East. (G) A description of existing and planned efforts to engage ally and partner countries in the Middle East in establishing such a multilateral space situational awareness data-sharing agreement and an integrated space and satellite security architecture. (H) An identification of the elements of such an integrated space and satellite security architecture that may be acquired and operated by ally and partner countries in the Middle East, and a list of such elements for each such ally and partner. (I) An identification of the elements of such an integrated space and satellite security architecture that may only be provided and operated by members of the United States Armed Forces. (J) An identification of any challenge to optimizing such a multilateral space situational awareness data-sharing agreement and integrated space and satellite security architecture in the Middle East. (K) An assessment of progress and key challenges in the implementation of the strategy required by paragraph (1) using the metrics identified in accordance with paragraph (3). (L) Recommendations for improvements in the implementation of an integrated space and satellite security strategy based on such metrics. (M) A cost estimate of establishing an integrated space and satellite security strategy, and an assessment of the resources that could be contributed by ally and partner countries of the United States to establish and strengthen such capabilities. (N) Any other matter the Secretary of Defense considers relevant. (3) Metrics The Secretary of Defense shall identify metrics to assess progress in the implementation of the strategy required by paragraph (1). (4) Form The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (c) Protection of sensitive information Any activity carried out under this section shall be conducted in a manner that appropriately protects sensitive information and the national security interests of the United States. (d) Appropriate committees of Congress defined In this section, the term appropriate committees of Congress means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 1289. Improvements to security cooperation workforce and defense acquisition workforce (a) Responsibilities of Secretary of Defense (1) In general The Secretary of Defense shall, consistent with the requirements of section 384 of title 10, United States Code, seek to ensure that members of the defense acquisition workforce involved in the foreign military sales process— (A) are aware of evolving United States regional and country-level defense capability-building priorities; and (B) coordinate with the security cooperation workforce to enhance responsiveness to foreign partner requests and capability-building priorities. (2) Report Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the resources necessary to implement paragraph (1), including— (A) the anticipated costs of new personnel and training to carry out such paragraph; (B) the estimated increase in foreign military sales administrative user fees necessary to offset such costs; (C) the feasibility and advisability of establishing, at the Department of Defense level or the military department level, a contracting capacity that is specific to the execution of contracts for foreign military sales; and (D) the feasibility and advisability of establishing a dedicated contracting capacity to directly support foreign military sales contracting activities. (b) Guidance (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall update, as necessary, Department of Defense guidance to the security cooperation workforce and the defense acquisition workforce governing the execution of foreign military sales by the Department to ensure that such guidance— (A) incorporates the National Security Strategy and the National Defense Strategy; and (B) is informed by the theater campaign plans and theater security cooperation strategies of the combatant commands. (2) Elements The updated guidance required by paragraph (1) shall— (A) identify— (i) regional and country-level foreign defense capability-building priorities; and (ii) levels of urgency and desired timelines for achieving foreign capability-building objectives; and (B) provide guidance to the defense acquisition workforce regarding levels of resourcing, innovation, and risk tolerance that should be considered in meeting urgent needs. (c) Foreign Military Sales Continuous Process Improvement Board (1) Establishment The Secretary of Defense shall establish a Foreign Military Sales Continuous Process Improvement Board (in this section referred to as the Board ) to serve as an enduring governance structure within the Department of Defense that reports to the Secretary on matters relating to the foreign military sales process so as to enhance accountability and continuous improvement within the Department, including the objectives of— (A) improving the understanding, among officials of the Department, of ally and partner requirements; (B) enabling efficient reviews for release of technology; (C) providing ally and partner countries with relevant priority equipment; (D) accelerating acquisition and contracting support; (E) expanding the capacity of the defense industrial base; and (F) working with other departments and agencies to promote broad United States Government support. (2) Membership The Board shall be composed of not fewer than seven members, selected from among individuals with government experience and individuals with nongovernmental expertise, each of whom shall have expertise in the foreign military sales process. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) Defense acquisition workforce The term defense acquisition workforce means the Department of Defense acquisition workforce described in chapter 87 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Security cooperation workforce The term security cooperation workforce has the meaning given the term in section 384 of title 10, United States Code. 1290. Independent assessment of technology release and foreign disclosure reform initiative Section 918(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 370; 10 U.S.C. 301 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (3) Independent assessment The Comptroller General of the United States shall— (A) conduct an independent assessment of the report submitted by the Secretary of Defense under paragraph (1); and (B) not later than July 31, 2025, submit to the congressional defense committees the results of that assessment. . XIII Cooperative Threat Reduction 1301. Cooperative Threat Reduction funds (a) Funding allocation Of the $350,116,000 authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2025 in section 301 and made available by the funding table in division D for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act ( 50 U.S.C. 3711 ), the following amounts may be obligated for the purposes specified: (1) For delivery system threat reduction, $7,036,000. (2) For chemical weapons elimination, $20,717,000. (3) For global nuclear security, $33,665,000. (4) For biological threat reduction, $209,858,000. (5) For proliferation prevention, $45,610,000. (6) For activities designated as Other Assessments/Administrative Costs, $33,230,000. (b) Specification of Cooperative Threat Reduction funds Funds appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 301 and made available by the funding table in division D for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program shall be available for obligation for fiscal years 2025, 2026, and 2027. 1302. Temporary continuation of requirement for reports on activities and assistance under Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program (a) Continuation of reporting requirement (1) In general Section 1080(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) does not apply to the report required to be submitted to Congress under section 1343(a) of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act ( 50 U.S.C. 3743(a) ). (2) Conforming repeal Section 1061(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended by striking paragraph (14). (b) Termination of reporting requirement Section 1343(a) of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act ( 50 U.S.C. 3743(a) ) is amended by inserting before 2030 after In any year . XIV Other authorizations A Military programs 1401. Working capital funds Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2025 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing capital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 1402. Chemical agents and munitions destruction, defense (a) Authorization of Appropriations Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2025 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. (b) Use Amounts authorized to be appropriated under subsection are authorized for— (1) the destruction of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 ( 50 U.S.C. 1521 ); and (2) the destruction of chemical warfare materiel of the United States that is not covered by section 1412 of such Act. 1403. Drug interdiction and counter-drug activities, defense-wide Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2025 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 1404. Defense Inspector General Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2025 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 1405. Defense Health Program Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2025 for the Defense Health Program for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. B National Defense Stockpile 1411. Restoring the National Defense Stockpile (a) Plan to fully fund existing National Defense Stockpile requirements (1) In general Not later than April 15, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to fully fund existing National Defense Stockpile requirements. (2) Elements The plan required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A plan for resources to meet all requirements of the National Defense Stockpile related to the needs of the Department of Defense not later than December 31, 2027, and to meet such requirements each year thereafter. (B) A description of the manner in which the Secretary shall prioritize the procurement of certain strategic and critical materials to meet the requirements described in subparagraph (A) that includes consideration of— (i) rare earth elements and critical minerals; and (ii) energetics and other propellants. (3) Consideration The plan developed under this subsection shall be based on the reported shortfall in dollars and inventory of the strategic and critical materials in the National Defense Stockpile relative to the amounts necessary to meet current defense requirements in a national emergency. (b) Implementation After the Secretary submits the plan required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) take steps as practicable to implement the plan as necessary to meet the requirements described in subsection (a)(2)(A); and (2) take steps as practicable so that the Department of Defense, not later than one year after the submission of the plan, has the data necessary to identify in detail the additional funds and resources that would be necessary to meet potential requirements. (c) Preference for domestic content The Secretary shall require the National Defense Stockpile Manager to establish a preference for the procurement of strategic and critical materials that are, in part or in whole, produced in the United States or in countries that are allies and partners of the United States, provided that a specific material is available from a producer in the United States or such a country at an acceptable price. 1412. Storage of strategic and critical materials in National Defense Stockpile The Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act ( 50 U.S.C. 98 et seq. ) is amended by inserting after section 6 the following: 6A. Storage of strategic and critical materials (a) In general The National Defense Stockpile Manager may enter into a lease with an individual or entity (including another department or agency of the Federal Government or an entity of a State or local government) for the storage of strategic and critical materials acquired pursuant to this Act. (b) Considerations (1) Other Federal departments or agencies The Stockpile Manager may, with regard to any underutilized real property that is not excess property (as defined in section 102 of title 40, United States Code) and related personal property, prioritize entering into a lease under subsection (a) with another Federal department or agency. (2) Fair market value The Stockpile Manager shall provide an individual or entity entering into a lease under subsection (a) monetary consideration for the lease at fair market value. (c) Additional terms and conditions The Stockpile Manager shall require such terms and conditions in connection with a lease entered into under subsection (a) as the Stockpile Manager considers appropriate to protect the national security interests of the United States. (d) Lease restrictions (1) Certification The Stockpile Manager may not enter into a lease under subsection (a) unless the Stockpile Manager certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress that the lease will not have a negative impact on the mission of the Stockpile Manager. (2) Maximum number of leases The Stockpile Manager may enter into not more than two leases under subsection (a) during each fiscal year. (e) Duration (1) In general The authority to enter into leases under subsection (a) shall expire on January 1, 2034. (2) Savings provision The expiration under this subsection of the authority to enter into leases under subsection (a) shall not affect the validity or term of leases entered into under that subsection before the expiration of that authority. (f) Reporting Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section, and annually thereafter, the Stockpile Manager shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report describing— (1) any lease entered into by the Stockpile Manager under subsection (a) in the preceding year; (2) utilization of the leased property; and (3) the strategic and critical materials stored at that property. (g) Appropriate committees of Congress defined In this section, the term appropriate committees of Congress means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. . 1413. Consultations with respect to environmental reviews of projects that will increase availability of strategic and critical materials for acquisition for National Defense Stockpile (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall consult with the head of any agency responsible for the development of an environmental document for a project that will result in an increase in the availability of strategic and critical materials for acquisition for the Stockpile. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) Agency The term agency has the meaning given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (2) Environmental document The term “environmental document has the meaning given that term in section 111 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 ( 42 U.S.C. 4336e ). (3) Stockpile The term Stockpile means the National Defense Stockpile established under section 3 of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act ( 50 U.S.C. 98b ). (4) Strategic and critical materials The term strategic and critical materials means materials, including rare earth elements, that are necessary to meet national defense and national security requirements, including requirements relating to supply chain resiliency, and for the economic security of the United States. C Other matters 1421. Eligibility of Space Force officers for membership on Armed Forces Retirement Home Advisory Council (a) Chief Personnel Officer defined Section 1502(5) of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 ( 24 U.S.C. 401(5) ) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking and at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (F) the Deputy Chief of Space Operations for Human Capital of the Space Force. . (b) Senior noncommissioned officer defined Section 1502(6) of such Act ( 24 U.S.C. 401(6) ) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (F) The Chief Master Sergeant of the Space Force. . 1422. Armed Forces Retirement Home: availability of licensed independent practitioners; resources Section 1513 of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 ( 24 U.S.C. 413 ) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: (c) Availability of licensed independent practitioners (1) In providing for the health care needs of residents at a facility of the Retirement Home under subsection (b), the Retirement Home shall have appropriate licensed independent practitioners, as determined under paragraph (2), available during the daily business hours of the facility and on an on-call basis at other times. (2) The Chief Operating Officer shall ensure that practitioner skills, experience, and availability are suited to residents of the facility, in consultation with the Medical Director and in accordance with accrediting organization standards under section 1511(g). ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: (e) Department of Defense healthcare resources The Secretary of Defense may enter into agreements as provided in title 10, United States Code, the Economy Act ( 31 U.S.C. 1535 ), and other provisions of law for the following purposes: (1) To provide for transfers or deposits to the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund for applicable care or services furnished by the Retirement Home to covered beneficiaries of the Department of Defense. (2) To improve access to, and the quality and cost effectiveness of, the health care provided to residents of the Retirement Home. . 1423. Authority for transfer of funds to Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois (a) Authority for transfer of funds Of the funds authorized to be appropriated for section 1405 and available for the Defense Health Program for operation and maintenance, $162,500,000 may be transferred by the Secretary of Defense to the Joint Department of Defense–Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund established by subsection (a)(1) of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( Public Law 111–84 ; 123 Stat. 2571). For purposes of subsection (a)(2) of such section 1704, any funds so transferred shall be treated as amounts authorized and appropriated specifically for the purpose of such a transfer. (b) Use of transferred funds For the purposes of subsection (b) of such section 1704, facility operations for which funds transferred under subsection (a) may be used are operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility under an operational agreement covered by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 ( Public Law 110–417 ; 122 Stat. 4500). 1424. Authorization of appropriations for Armed Forces Retirement Home There is hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2025 from the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $69,520,000 of which— (1) $68,520,000 is for operating expenses; and (2) $1,000,000 is for capital maintenance and construction. XV Space activities, strategic programs, and intelligence matters A Space activities 1501. Modification of Air Force space contractor responsibility watch list Section 1612 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ; 131 Stat. 1729; 10 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended to read as follows: 1612. Air Force space contractor responsibility watch list (a) In general The suspension and debarment official of the Department of the Air Force shall establish and maintain, on behalf of the Space Service Acquisition Executive of the Department of the Air Force, a watch list of contractors with a history of poor performance on space procurement contracts or nonprocurement transactions such as grants and cooperative agreements. (b) Basis for inclusion on list (1) Role of Space Service Acquisition Executive The Space Service Acquisition Executive may direct the suspension and debarment official of the Department of the Air Force to propose for placement on the list established under subsection (a) a contractor, which may consist of an entire contracting entity or a specific division of a contracting entity. (2) Role of suspension and debarment official (A) Consideration of evidence In considering whether to place a contractor on the list established under subsection (a), the suspension and debarment official of the Department of the Air Force shall determine whether there is evidence of any of the following: (i) Poor performance on one or more space procurement contracts or nonprocurement transactions, or award fee scores below 50 percent. (ii) Inadequate management, operational or financial controls, or resources. (iii) Inadequate security controls or resources, including unremediated vulnerabilities arising from foreign ownership, control, or influence. (iv) Any other failure of controls or performance of a nature so serious or compelling as to warrant placement of the contractor on the list. (B) Determination If the suspension and debarment official of the Department of the Air Force determines, based on evidence described in any of clauses (i) through (iv) of subparagraph (A), that the ability of a contractor to responsibly perform is meaningfully impaired, the official shall place the contractor on the list established under subsection (a). (C) Policies The suspension and debarment official of the Department of the Air Force shall establish written policies for the consideration of contractors for placement on the list established under subsection (a), including policies that require that— (i) contractors proposed for placement on the list shall be provided with notice and an opportunity to respond; (ii) the basis for a final determination placing a contractor on the list shall be documented in writing; (iii) in making a determination under subparagraph (B), the suspension and debarment official shall coordinate with the Interagency Committee on Debarment and Suspension constituted under sections 4 and 5 of Executive Order 12549 (51 Fed. Reg. 6370; relating to debarment and suspension); and (iv) on request by a contractor, the contractor shall be removed from the list if the suspension and debarment official determines that there is evidence that the issue resulting in placement on the list has been satisfactorily remediated. (c) Effect of listing (1) In general Contracting officers, agreement officials, and award officials under the authority of the Space Service Acquisition Executive may not solicit an offer from, award a contract to, consent to a subcontract with, execute a nonprocurement transaction with, or exercise an option on any space procurement or nonprocurement transaction within the Department of the Air Force with an entity included on the list established under subsection (a), unless the Space Service Acquisition Executive makes a written determination that there is a compelling reason to do so. (2) Notification Not later than 10 days after such a determination is made, the Space Service Acquisition Executive shall notify the congressional defense committees, the intelligence committees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 )), and the Director of National Intelligence of the determination. (d) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed as preventing the suspension or debarment of a contractor, but inclusion on the list established under subsection (a) shall not be construed as a punitive measure or de facto suspension or debarment of a contractor. . 1502. Extension and modification of certifications regarding integrated tactical warning and attack assessment mission of the Department of the Air Force Section 1666 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 130 Stat. 2617) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking 2026 and inserting 2030 ; and (B) by striking the Commander of the United States Strategic Command and inserting the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, ; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: (b) Inability To certify If the Commander of the United States Space Command does not make a certification under subsection (a) by March 31 of any year in which a certification is required under such subsection, the Secretary of the Air Force shall— (1) not later than June 30 of that year, consolidate all terrestrial and aerial components of the integrated tactical warning and attack assessment system of the Department of the Air Force that are survivable and endurable under the major command of the Department of the Air Force commanded by the single general officer that is responsible for all aspects of the Department of the Air Force nuclear mission, as described by Air Force Program Action Directive D16–01, dated August 2, 2016; and (2) not later than April 30 of that year, submit to the Secretary of Defense and the congressional defense committees a report describing a plan to achieve such certification, and the status of programs and plans to meet the requirements of Presidential directives and Department of Defense policies applicable to integrated tactical warning and attack assessment systems that are survivable and endurable. ; (3) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); and (4) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): (c) Waiver authority The Secretary of Defense may waive the requirement of paragraph (1) of subsection (b), if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that— (1) the plan described in paragraph (2) of that subsection is sufficient to ensure that the Department of the Air Force is able to satisfy the criteria under subsection (a); (2) resourcing for executing such plan shall be addressed, to the maximum extent possible, within the current fiscal year; and (3) any additional resources necessary to execute such plan shall be included in future budgetary requests of the Department of Defense. . 1503. Modification of milestone decision authority for space-based ground and airborne moving target indication systems Section 1684(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 618; 10 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended— (1) by striking Milestone A and inserting Milestone B ; (2) by striking The Secretary of the Air Force and inserting the following: (1) In general The Secretary of the Air Force ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph (2): (2) Appointment of program executive officer The service acquisition executive for the Air Force for space systems and programs shall appoint a program executive officer, and designate an office, for the acquisition of space-based air and moving target indication. . 1504. Space Force satellite ground systems (a) In general Chapter 135 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking section 2275 and inserting the following new section 2275: 2275. Space Force satellite ground systems (a) In general The Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Space Acquisitions and Integration, acting as the service acquisition executive for the Air Force for space systems and programs, shall not permit a launch associated with a Space Force satellite acquisition program unless the associated ground systems and modifications are completed and ready for operation so that the applicable satellite capabilities may be used on completion of such launch. (b) Waiver (1) In general The Secretary of the Air Force may waive subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that such a launch is necessary for reasons of national security. (2) Notification Not later than 10 days after making a determination for purposes of paragraph (1) that such a launch is necessary for reasons of national security, the Secretary of the Air Force shall notify the congressional defense committees of such determination. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for chapter 135 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 2275 and inserting the following new item: 2275. Space Force satellite ground systems. . 1505. Modification of notification of foreign interference of national security space Section 2278 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), as redesignated— (i) by inserting critical before national security space capability ; and (ii) by striking The Commander of the United States Space Command and inserting (1) Except as provided by paragraph (2), the Commander of the United States Space Command ; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph (2): (2) With respect to intentional attempts by a foreign actor to disrupt, degrade, or destroy a United States critical national security space capability that are continuous or repetitive in nature, the Commander of the United States Space Command shall— (A) provide the notice described in paragraph (1) with respect to the first attempt by such foreign actor; and (B) not later than the tenth day of each calendar month, provide to the appropriate congressional committees a consolidated notice of such interference that occurred during the preceding calendar month. ; and (2) in subsection (c), by amending paragraphs (1) and (2) to read as follows: (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. . 1506. Commercial Augmentation Space Reserve Program (a) Establishment (1) In general Part IV of subtitle D of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 961 the following new chapter: 962 Commercial Augmentation Space Reserve Program Sec. 9521. Definitions. 9522. Establishment. 9521. Definitions In this chapter: (1) Citizen of the United States The term citizen of the United States means— (A) an individual who is a citizen of the United States; (B) a partnership each partner of which is an individual who is a citizen of the United States; and (C) a corporation or association organized under the laws of — (i) the United States; or (ii) a State, the District of Columbia, or a territory or possession of the United States. (2) Commercial Augmentation Space Reserve The term Commercial Augmentation Space Reserve means the space products or services— (A) allocated, or identified for allocation, to the Department of Defense under section 101 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 ( 50 U.S.C. 4511 ); or (B) made available, or agreed to be made available, for use by the Department of Defense pursuant to a contract entered into under this title, as part of the program established under section 9522. (3) Contractor The term contractor means a citizen of the United States who— (A) (i) owns or controls, or will own or control, a space product or service; and (ii) contracts with the Secretary under section 9522; (B) subsequently obtains ownership or control of a space product or service covered by such a contract and assumes all existing obligations under that contract; or (C) (i) owns or controls, or will own or control, a space product or service; and (ii) by contract, commits some or all of the space product or service to the Commercial Augmentation Space Reserve. (4) Secretary The term Secretary means the Secretary of Defense. (5) Space product or service The term space product or service means a commercial product or commercial service (as such terms are defined in section 2.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation), or a noncommercial product or noncommercial service offered by a commercial company, that operates to, through, or from space, including any required terrestrial ground, support, and network system and associated service that may be used to support a military function or mission. 9522. Establishment (a) In general The Secretary may establish a program to integrate and augment the space-based capability of the Department of Defense through the use of space products or services from the Commercial Augmentation Space Reserve, to be known as the Commercial Augmentation Space Reserve Program (referred to in this section as the Program ). (b) Authority To contract To the extent that funds are otherwise available for obligation, the Secretary may enter into a contract with any contractor for space products or services in support of the Program, subject to the establishment of and compliance with any required mitigation measure under the National Industrial Security Program. (c) Commitment of space products or services as a business factor In determining the amounts to be paid to, and the quantity of space products or services to be provided by, a specific contractor, the Secretary may consider the relative quantity of space products or services committed to the Commercial Augmentation Space Reserve by all contractors. (d) Regulations The Secretary may— (1) prescribe regulations to carry out subsections (a) and (b); and (2) exclude from the applicability of such regulations any contract for space products or services made through the use of competitive procedures. . (2) Clerical amendment The table of chapters for part IV of subtitle D of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 961 the following new item: 962. Commercial Augmentation Space Reserve Program 9521 . (b) Study and report on financial protection for contractors providing support services for Department of Defense space operations and activities (1) Study Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center with expertise in commercial insurance relating to space to conduct a study on— (A) the availability and adequacy of commercial insurance to protect the financial interests of contractors providing support services to the Department of Defense for space operations and activities, taking into account anticipated risks that may arise from such support; (B) the adequacy of existing available legal authorities allowing for United States Government protection of such interests in the event that commercial space insurance is not available or not available on reasonable terms; and (C) potential options for Government-provided insurance similar to existing aviation and maritime programs under titles 49 and 46 of the United States Code, respectively. (2) Report Not later than March 31, 2025, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the study required by paragraph (1), including any additional comment by the Secretary on such results. 1507. Designation of Program Executive Officer for Space Command, Control, and Integration (a) In general Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Space Acquisition and Integration, acting as the service acquisition executive for the Air Force for space systems and programs, shall designate from among qualified individuals a Program Executive Officer for Space Command, Control, and Integration. (b) Duties The Program Executive Officer for Space Command, Control, and Integration shall be responsible for managing and integrating the acquisition for space command, control, and integration to meet the space command, control, and integration requirements of the combatant commands, including by ensuring system-level integration of each of the following: (1) Space domain sensors. (2) Space catalog. (3) Target recognition. (4) Weapons system selection and control. (5) Battle damage assessment. (6) Associated communications among elements of the space control and command architecture of the Department of Defense. (c) Notification Not later than 10 days after the date on which a designation is made under subsection (a), the Assistant Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees of such designation. (d) Annual report Concurrent with the submission of each budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, through fiscal year 2030, the Assistant Secretary, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Space Command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the activities of the Program Executive Officer for Space Command, Control, and Integration in furtherance of meeting the space command, control, and integration requirements of the combatant commands. 1508. Modification of quarterly reports on Global Positioning System III space segment, Global Positioning System operational control segment, and Military Global Positioning System user equipment acquisition programs Section 1621 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 129 Stat. 1109; 10 U.S.C. 2281 note) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: (c) Comptroller General review and assessment; briefing (1) In general The Comptroller General shall— (A) review and assess the efforts of the Department of the Air Force with respect to Global Positioning System (GPS) modernization and other positioning, navigation, and timing systems; and (B) provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on— (i) the progress made by the Space Force in fielding GPS military code (M-code); (ii) the efforts the Department of the Air Force has planned or made to develop complementary or alternative solutions for GPS M-code to obtain positioning, navigation, and timing information through new signals, systems, and subsystems; and (iii) the extent to which the military departments have developed and fielded user equipment with the ability to use M-code and complementary or alternative solutions. (2) Timing The Comptroller General shall provide to the congressional defense committees— (A) not later than March 1, 2025, the briefing required by paragraph (1)(B); (B) a report on the matters described in that paragraph, to be submitted on a date agreed upon at such briefing; and (C) any subsequent briefing on the matters described in that paragraph, as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. . 1509. Resilience of position, navigation, and timing technologies and services (a) In general Beginning one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that any position, navigation, and timing technology and service procured or otherwise acquired by the Department of Defense on or after the date of the enactment of this Act shall have the ability to acquire, track, and provide accurate position, navigation, or timing information if L1 Signals and L2 Signals are jammed, spoofed, blocked, or subject to harmful interference. (b) Rule of construction Subsection (a) shall not be construed to prohibit the use of any position, navigation, and timing technology and service that is procured or otherwise acquired before the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) Waiver The Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Air Force may each waive the requirement set forth in subsection (a) if a position, navigation, or timing technology or service that is procured or otherwise acquired by the Department of Defense on or after the date of the enactment of this Act is determined necessary for national security. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) The term L1 Signal means a signal generated by a global navigation satellite system in the 1559 to 1610 megahertz band of electromagnetic spectrum. (2) The term L2 Signal means a signal generated by a global navigation satellite system in the 1227.60 megahertz band of electromagnetic spectrum. (3) The term position, navigation, and timing technology and service means a global navigation satellite system technology and service that enables positioning, navigation, and timing capabilities. B Nuclear forces 1511. Sense of the Senate on the Congressional Strategic Posture Commission (a) Sense of the Senate It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) on October 12, 2023, the Congressional Commission on the Strategic Posture of the United States (referred to in this section as the Commission ) released a final report entitled America’s Strategic Posture ; (2) the report, the consensus product of a 12-person bipartisan commission established by section 1687 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 2126) and led by the Honorable Madelyn Creedon and former Senator Jon Kyl— (A) examined the latest intelligence available on current and projected global strategic threats; (B) assessed the adequacy of existing United States strategies, policies, and capabilities for addressing such threats; and (C) provided a series of findings and recommendations, which were subsequently made available to the President, Congress, and the general public; (3) the findings of the Commission reflect a deteriorating international security situation that is becoming far more dangerous for the United States and its allies and partners; (4) the rapid and unprecedented growth of the nuclear arsenal of the People’s Republic of China, the massive expansion of its armed forces, and its increasingly aggressive stance across all domains have forever altered the global balance of power; (5) the Government of the Russian Federation owns, and will likely maintain for the foreseeable future, the largest nuclear arsenal on Earth; (6) the Government of the Russian Federation— (A) continues to expand and diversify its nuclear arsenal, air and missile defenses, and space, cyber, biological, and chemical weapons capabilities; and (B) regularly flaunts such capabilities to threaten and intimidate regional neighbors; (7) continued efforts by the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to expand and diversify its nuclear arsenal, long-range missile systems, and chemical and biological weapons programs and the clear willingness to leverage such systems and programs to threaten and intimidate regional neighbors poses a growing danger to stability in Northeast Asia; (8) the growth of the intercontinental ballistic missile forces of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea presents an acute danger to the people of the United States; (9) the Islamic Republic of Iran is committed to a long-term goal of further developing increasingly destabilizing missile technologies and acquiring nuclear weapons to dominate the greater Middle East; (10) taken together, such findings reflect a global security environment very different from any the United States has ever encountered; (11) while the United States served as a bulwark against the Soviet Union, enduring the distant existential threat the Government of the Soviet Union posed for decades, and defied the persistent daily threat of terrorism from the earliest days of the 21st century, the United States has never faced a more complex set of global threats than are arrayed before it as of the date of the enactment of this Act; and (12) the United States, in order to maintain its position in the international order, must recognize this new threat environment, and urgently take prompt, decisive action to transform its aging array of defenses, renovate long-neglected industrial capabilities, rebuild a strong and vibrant workforce, rebuild allied confidence in the support and leadership of the United States, and craft a common, unifying vision of purpose for all United States citizens. (b) Statement of policy It is the policy of the United States that— (1) the deterrence of strategic attacks, and in particular nuclear attacks, against the United States and its allies is the highest defense priority of the United States; and (2) the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy are provided with all necessary authorities and resources required to ensure the maintenance of a modern, effective strategic deterrent to meet the emerging suite of unprecedented strategic threats against the United States. 1512. Review of recommendations by the Strategic Posture Commission (a) In general Not later than March 31, 2025, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy, acting through the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a review of the recommendations of the report entitled America’s Strategic Posture: The Final Report of the Congressional Commission on the Strategic Posture of the United States and dated October 2023. (b) Contents The review required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the extent to which implementation of each recommendation may contribute to the deterrence of particular threats anticipated within in the time frame of the report. (2) A determination of whether each such recommendation has been or will be addressed by the Department of Defense or the Department of Energy, and if applicable— (A) how such recommendation has been or will be addressed; or (B) why such recommendation will not be addressed. (3) For each recommendation, an estimate of the cost of implementation. (4) A description of any anticipated impacts to the Defense Industrial Base or the Nuclear Security Enterprise required to support a recommendation, and any projected net benefits to the economic competitiveness of the United States. (5) A description of the impact, if any, of implementing a recommendation with respect to other activities of the Department of Defense or the Department of Energy. (6) Such other information as the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council determines relevant to the review. (c) Form The review required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 1513. Matters relating to the nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile (a) James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 Section 1642 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 595) is amended by striking W80-4 warhead each place it appears and inserting W80-4 ALT or an alternative warhead . (b) National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 Section 1640 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 597) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking nuclear weapon project for and inserting nuclear weapon system project with ; and (ii) by inserting (or an alternative warhead in accordance subsection (e)) after W80–4 ALT warhead ; (B) in paragraph (4), by striking W80–4 ALT ; and inserting nuclear weapon system ; and (C) in paragraph (5), by striking W80–4 ALT nuclear weapon project and inserting nuclear weapon system ; (2) in subsection (c), by striking W80–4 ALT project and inserting nuclear weapon system project described in subsection (a)(3) ; (3) by redesignating subsections (e) through (g) as subsections (f) through (h), respectively; and (4) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection (e): (e) Selection of a nuclear weapon system with an alternative warhead (1) Briefing, certification, and waiting period For purposes of subsection (a)(3), the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Energy, may carry out a nuclear weapons system project with an alternative warhead to the W80–4 ALT warhead, if— (A) the Secretaries jointly provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing that includes— (i) a description of the alternative warhead to be developed under the project; (ii) an estimate and description of the balance among the costs, schedule, and programmatic impacts for the research, development, and production of such alternative warhead; (iii) an explanation of the reasons the Secretaries intend to develop a nuclear weapon system with such alternative warhead instead of— (I) the W80–4 ALT warhead; or (II) any other warhead options that may have been considered; (iv) a written certification from the Secretaries that— (I) if selected as the preferred option, the nuclear weapon system with the alternative warhead is expected— (aa) to more favorably balance cost, schedule, and programmatic impacts than the nuclear weapons system with the W80–4 ALT warhead; (bb) to enable the nuclear armed, sea-launched cruise missile to achieve initial operational capability faster than directed by subsection (b); and (cc) to enable a more military effective nuclear armed, sea-launched cruise missile than would otherwise be achievable using the W80–4 ALT warhead; and (II) any funds required for such alternative warhead will be included in the materials submitted by the Secretaries in support of the budget of the President (as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code) for fiscal year 2026 and each fiscal year thereafter until the selected warhead achieves full operational capability, as determined by the Commander of United States Strategic Command; and (B) a period of 45 days has elapsed following the date on which such briefing was provided. (2) Form of briefing The briefing under paragraph (1)(A) may be submitted in classified form. . (c) Establishment of program element Beginning on the date of the submission of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2026 in accordance with section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy shall— (1) establish a separate, dedicated program element for the development of a nuclear-armed, sea-launched cruise missile within the budget program elements for Navy Strategic Systems Programs; and (2) ensure that all Navy activities in support of such acquisition are executed within such program element. (d) Funding limitation Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for operations and maintenance, Navy, and made available to the Secretary of the Navy for the travel of persons, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of the Navy submits to the congressional defense committees a certification that the Department of the Navy— (1) has established and staffed a program office for the development of a nuclear-armed, sea-launched cruise missile required by section 1640 of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ); and (2) is taking the steps required to comply with the direction promulgated by Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment memorandum, Nuclear-Armed, Sea-Launched Cruise Missile Program Material Development Decision Acquisition Memorandum, dated March 21, 2024. 1514. Assessment of updated force sizing requirements (a) In general Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the congressional defense committees a strategy that enables the United States to concurrently— (1) achieve the nuclear employment objectives of the President against any adversary that conducts a strategic attack against the United States or its allies; (2) hold at risk all classes of adversary targets described in the nuclear weapons employment guidance issued by the President as of the date of the enactment of this Act; (3) defend against simultaneous aggression by two near-peer nuclear-armed competitors; and (4) provide a credible defense against limited long-range strikes against the United States homeland. (b) Elements The strategy required by subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) An assessment of the quantities and types of forces necessary to implement such strategy. (2) Pursuant to section 491 of title 10, United States Code, a description of the classes of targets necessary to hold at risk via nuclear forces in order to achieve the requirements of the United States Strategic Command and the deterrence and assurance objectives of the United States. (3) A projection of the planned growth in potential target quantities due to the expansion and diversification of likely adversary capabilities during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (4) A comparison of the quantities and various employment options available in the nuclear weapons stockpile of the United States since January 1, 1991, and options that are expected to be available during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (5) An assessment of the impact of delays in ongoing or planned modernization of nuclear, missile defense, space, or conventional long-range strike programs of the United States. (6) Any other factors the Secretary or the Chairman believe pertinent for assessing force sizing requirements. (c) Form The strategy required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in classified form and shall include a unclassified summary. 1515. Prohibition on reduction of intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States (a) Prohibition Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the following, and the Department may not otherwise take any action to do the following: (1) Reduce, or prepare to reduce, the responsiveness or alert level of the intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States. (2) Reduce, or prepare to reduce, the quantity of deployed intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States to a number less than 400. (b) Exception The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any of the following activities: (1) The maintenance or sustainment of intercontinental ballistic missiles. (2) Ensuring the safety, security, or reliability of intercontinental ballistic missiles. (3) Facilitating the transition from the LGM-30G Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile to the LGM-35A Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile. 1516. Preparations for possible deployment of additional intercontinental ballistic missiles (a) Activation plan Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Commander of United States Strategic Command, shall develop a plan for deploying up to 450 Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missiles during the planned life of the Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile weapon system. (b) Alternative acquisition strategy In developing the plan required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall direct the Program Executive Officer for Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles to prepare an alternative acquisition strategy for the Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile weapon system that accommodates the deployment of up to 450 Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missiles, which shall include— (1) a plan to procure booster sets that will accommodate the continuous deployment of 450 Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missiles during the planned life of the system and satisfy anticipated testing requirements; (2) a plan develop and to procure reentry vehicles necessary to support the planned life of the weapon system and satisfy anticipated testing requirements; (3) a plan develop and to procure countermeasures to support the deployment of 450 Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missiles during the planned life of the system and satisfy anticipated testing requirements; (4) a plan to procure ground support and maintenance equipment to support the deployment of 450 Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missiles during the planned life of the system; and (5) recommendations for adjustments to the baseline acquisition strategy as the Program Executive Officer determines necessary to achieve the plan required by subsection (a). (c) Report required Not later than 30 days after the development of the plan required by subsection (a), the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing a summary of the plan and initial acquisition cost estimates and timelines for executing the plan. (d) Congressional defense committees defined In this section, the term congressional defense committees means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 1517. Periodic updates on the pilot program on development of reentry vehicles and related systems Section 1645 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 598) is amended by— (1) redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (e); and (2) inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection (d): (d) Periodic updates Not later than March 1 of any year in which the Secretary commences carrying out a pilot program under this section, and not later than each of March 1 and September 1 of each year of the pilot program thereafter, the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the activities of the pilot program described in subsection (a). . 1518. Periodic updates on the modernization of the Strategic Automated Command and Control System Section 1644 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 598) is amended by adding at the end the following subsection: (c) Periodic updates Beginning not later than March 1, 2025, and not later than each of March 1 and September 1 annually thereafter, the Secretary of the Air Force shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the progress of the modernization effort described in subsection (a). . 1519. Availability of Air Force procurement funds for heat shield material for Mk21A reentry vehicle The Secretary of the Air Force may enter into contracts for the life-of-program procurement of heat shield material and related processing activities for the Mk21A Reentry Vehicle program. 1520. Limitation on availability of funds pending submission of plan for decreasing the time to upload additional warheads to the intercontinental ballistic missile fleet Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for operation and maintenance, Air Force, and available for the Secretary of the Air Force for the travel of persons, not more than 70 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits the plan required by section 1650 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 601). 1521. Limitation on availability of funds pending submission of information on options for enhancing National Nuclear Security Administration access to the defense industrial base Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for operation and maintenance, defense-wide, and available to the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy for the travel of persons, not more than 80 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Assistant Secretary provides the briefing on options for enhancing National Nuclear Security Administration access to the defense industrial base required on page 389 of Senate Report 118–58, accompanying S.2226 (118th Congress). 1522. Plan for operational bed down of the long range standoff weapon (a) Plan Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Commander of United States Strategic Command and the Commander of Air Force Global Strike Command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan that outlines the planned activities and resource timing for ensuring not fewer than two Air Force bomber wings will be prepared to operate, maintain, store, and secure the Long Range Standoff Weapon (LRSO) by the date upon which initial operational capability is declared for the LRSO. (b) Briefing Not later than 30 days after the submission of the plan required by subsection (a), the Secretary of the Air Force shall brief the congressional defense committees on the actions being pursued to implement the plan. 1523. Expansion of pilot program on development of reentry vehicles and related systems Section 1645 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ) is amended— (a) in subsection (a)— (1) by striking, The Secretary of the Air Force and inserting, The Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Air Force, acting jointly or separately, ; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph (2): (2) expand the availability of operationally qualifiable vendors within the defense industrial base; ; and (4) by striking, reentry vehicles each place it appears and inserting reentry vehicles and reentry systems ; (b) in subsection (b)(1), by striking the Secretary and inserting each Secretary ; (c) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: (c) Coordination If the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, or the Secretary of the Air Force, acting jointly or separately, carries out a pilot program under this section, such Secretary or Secretaries shall ensure that the activities under the pilot program are carried out in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Director of the Missile Defense Agency. ; and (d) in subsection (d), by striking 2029 and inserting 2030 . 1524. Expansion of nuclear long range standoff capability (a) In general Beginning not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall initiate a program to reconvert B-52 bombers that had been previously modified to carry only conventional weapons to conform to the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force on February 5, 2011 (commonly known as the New START Treaty ). (b) Conversion of B-52 bombers (1) Nuclear certification start date In implementing the program described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall not take any actions inconsistent with United States obligations under the New START Treaty before the expiration of the New START Treaty. (2) Completion date The Secretary shall ensure that the reconversion of B-52 bombers described in subsection (a) is complete by not later than December 31, 2029. (c) Authorization of appropriations There are authorized to be appropriated $4,500,000 under Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, B-52, APAF, Line 21, B05200 for B-52 to carry out subsection (a). (d) Funding profile for increased production of the Long Range Standoff Weapon Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Administrator for Nuclear Security, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the funding profile necessary, by fiscal year, to expand by 1/3 the planned procurement of the Long Range Standoff Weapon. 1525. Office of the Secretary of Defense Management and Process Improvements (a) Establishment of Assistant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear Deterrence Policy and Programs Section 138(b)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (4) (A) One of the Assistant Secretaries is the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear Deterrence Policy and Programs. The principal duty of the Assistant Secretary shall be the overall supervision (including oversight of policy and resources) of nuclear deterrence activities of the Department of Defense. The Assistant Secretary is the principal civilian adviser to the Secretary of Defense on nuclear deterrence policies, operations, and associated programs within the senior management of the Department of Defense. Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of Defense, the Assistant Secretary shall— (i) advise and assist the Secretary of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy in the development and supervision of policy, program planning and execution, and allocation and use of resources for the activities of the Department of Defense on all matters relating to the sustainment, operation, and modernization of United States nuclear forces; (ii) communicate views on issues within the responsibility of the Assistant Secretary directly to the Secretary of Defense and the Deputy Secretary of Defense without obtaining the approval or concurrence of any other official within the Department of Defense; (iii) serve as the Staff Director of the Nuclear Weapons Council established by section 179; (iv) serve as the principal interface with the Department of Energy on issues relating to nuclear fuels, and in coordination with the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment, advise the Secretary of Defense on nuclear energy matters; and (v) advise the Secretary of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy on all matters relating to defending against chemical, biological, and other weapons of mass destruction. (B) In the discharge of the responsibilities specified in subparagraph (A), the Assistant Secretary is immediately subordinate to the Secretary of Defense. Unless otherwise directed by the President or statute, no officer other than those specified in subparagraph (A)(i) may intervene to exercise authority, direction, or control over the Assistant Secretary in the discharge of such responsibilities. . (b) Modification of duties for Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment Section 133b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; and (B) by adding after subparagraph (C), the following: (D) chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council established by section 179; and (E) co-chairman of the Council on Oversight of the National Leadership Command, Control, and Communications System established by section 171a; ; and (2) by amending paragraph (6) to read as follows: (6) overseeing— (A) the sustainment and modernization of United States nuclear forces, including the nuclear command, control, and communications system; and (B) military department and Defense Agency programs to develop capabilities to counter weapons of mass destruction; . (c) Conforming amendments Section 179 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological Defense Programs each place it appears and inserting Nuclear Deterrence Policy and Programs . C Missile defense 1531. Establishment of a national integrated air and missile defense architecture for the United States (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Northern Command, the Commander of the United States Space Command, and the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, shall develop a comprehensive integrated architecture for defending the United States against all forms of missile attacks. (b) Elements The architecture required by subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) An identification of terrestrial, maritime, orbital, and cyber technological capabilities to address nonballistic and ballistic missile threats to the United States, including the sensor, command and control, and missile defeat systems that the Secretary and Chairman determine are required for the operation of an integrated missile defense architecture for the United States during the 10 year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) The technological requirements to ensure compatibility with the integrated air and missile defense capabilities of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and integrated air and missile defense architecture in the Indo-Pacific region that is under development as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) An integrated, time-phased development, procurement, and deployment schedule for the systems comprising the specified architecture. (4) The development and integration risk of the proposed architecture. (5) The personnel required to operate the proposed architecture, including opportunities for reducing the anticipated personnel requirements through increased use of automation. (6) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff consider appropriate. (c) Designation of official responsible for architecture development (1) Designation Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a senior official of the Department of Defense who shall be responsible for the architecture specified in subsection (a). (2) Duties The duties of the official designated under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Designing the defensive architecture for the United States. (B) Overseeing development of an integrated missile defense acquisition strategy for the United States. (C) Ensuring the budgets of each military department and defense agency are appropriate for the architecture required by subsection (a). (D) Siting the integrated missile defense systems comprising the architecture described in subsection (a). (E) Overseeing long-term acquisition and sustainment of the architecture. (F) Such other duties as the Secretary determines appropriate. (3) Report required Concurrent with the submission of each budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, until the end of the period specified in paragraph (4), the official designated under paragraph (1) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the actions taken by the official to carry out the duties set forth under paragraph (2). (4) Termination The authority of this subsection shall terminate on the date that is 3 years after the date on which the official designated under paragraph (1) determines that the integrated missile defense architecture described in subsection (a) has achieved initial operational capability. (d) Congressional defense committees defined In this section, the term congressional defense committees means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 1532. Reporting of incidents affecting the availability of the United States homeland missile defenses (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall notify the appropriate members of Congress within 24 hours of any incident which affects the availability or impedes the function of the Ground-Based Midcourse Defense System in such a way as to adversely affect the capability of the system to adequately respond to its operational mission as required by the Commander of United States Northern Command. (b) Appropriate members of Congress defined For the purposes of this section, appropriate members of Congress means the chairs and ranking members of the congressional defense committees. 1533. Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system and Israeli cooperative missile defense program co-development and co-production (a) Iron dome short-range rocket defense system (1) Availability of funds Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, not more than $110,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure components for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system through co-production of such components in the United States by industry of the United States. (2) Conditions (A) Agreement Funds described in paragraph (1) for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense program shall be available subject to the terms and conditions in the Agreement Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Ministry of Defense of the State of Israel Concerning Iron Dome Defense System Procurement, signed on March 5, 2014, as amended to include co-production for Tamir interceptors. (B) Certification Not later than 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds described in paragraph (1), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees— (i) a certification that the amended bilateral international agreement specified in subparagraph (A) is being implemented as provided in such agreement; (ii) an assessment detailing any risks relating to the implementation of such agreement; and (iii) for system improvements resulting in modified Iron Dome components and Tamir interceptor sub-components, a certification that the Government of Israel has demonstrated successful completion of Production Readiness Reviews, including the validation of production lines, the verification of component conformance, and the verification of performance to specification as defined in the Iron Dome Defense System Procurement Agreement, as further amended. (b) Israeli cooperative missile defense program, david's sling weapon system co-production (1) In general Subject to paragraph (3), of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2025 for procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency not more than $40,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure the David's Sling Weapon System, including for co-production of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. (2) Agreement Provision of funds specified in paragraph (1) shall be subject to the terms and conditions in the bilateral co-production agreement, including— (A) a one-for-one cash match is made by Israel or in another matching amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mutually agreed to by the United States and Israel); and (B) co-production of parts, components, and all-up rounds (if appropriate) in the United States by United States industry for the David's Sling Weapon System is not less than 50 percent. (3) Certification and assessment The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees— (A) a certification that the Government of Israel has demonstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and Production Readiness Reviews required by the research, development, and technology agreement and the bilateral co-production agreement for the David's Sling Weapon System; and (B) an assessment detailing any risks relating to the implementation of such agreement. (c) Israeli cooperative missile defense program, arrow 3 upper tier interceptor program co-production (1) In general Subject to paragraph (2), of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2025 for procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency not more than $50,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program, including for co-production of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. (2) Certification The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a certification that— (A) the Government of Israel has demonstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and Production Readiness Reviews required by the research, development, and technology agreement for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; (B) funds specified in paragraph (1) will be provided on the basis of a one-for-one cash match made by Israel or in another matching amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mutually agreed to by the United States and Israel); (C) the United States has entered into a bilateral international agreement with Israel that establishes, with respect to the use of such funds— (i) in accordance with subparagraph (D), the terms of co-production of parts and components on the basis of the greatest practicable co-production of parts, components, and all-up rounds (if appropriate) by United States industry and minimizes nonrecurring engineering and facilitization expenses to the costs needed for co-production; (ii) complete transparency on the requirement of Israel for the number of interceptors and batteries that will be procured, including with respect to the procurement plans, acquisition strategy, and funding profiles of Israel; (iii) technical milestones for co-production of parts and components and procurement; (iv) a joint affordability working group to consider cost reduction initiatives; and (v) joint approval processes for third-party sales; and (D) the level of co-production described in subparagraph (C)(i) for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program is not less than 50 percent. (d) Number In carrying out paragraph (2) of subsection (b) and paragraph (2) of subsection (c), the Under Secretary may submit— (1) one certification covering both the David's Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; or (2) separate certifications for each respective system. (e) Timing The Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the certification and assessment under subsection (b)(3) and the certification under subsection (c)(2) no later than 30 days before the funds specified in paragraph (1) of subsections (b) and (c) for the respective system covered by the certification are provided to the Government of Israel. (f) Appropriate congressional committees defined In this section, the term appropriate congressional committees means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the (3) Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 1534. Plan for comprehensive ballistic missile defense radar coverage of Guam Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall, in coordination with the Commander of United States Indo-Pacific Command and the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, submit to the congressional defense committees a plan, including an implementation schedule— (1) to provide simultaneous radar coverage of ballistic missile threats against Guam from China and North Korea; and (2) to enable, if necessary, the effective engagement of Terminal High Altitude Area Defense interceptors against incoming attacks on Guam. 1535. Annual briefing on missile defense of Guam (a) Briefings required Concurrent with the first submittal to Congress of a budget pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, after the date of the enactment of this Act and with each submittal of a budget to Congress pursuant to such section until the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment determines that the missile defense system protecting Guam reaches full operational capability, the Under Secretary shall provide the congressional defense committees a briefing on the missile defense of Guam. (b) Elements Each briefing provided pursuant to subsection (a) shall cover the following: (1) The current architecture of the missile defense system protecting Guam as compared to the prior year. (2) A consolidated list of funds requested within the Future Years Defense Program for the missile defense of Guam as compared to the prior fiscal year, including the following: (A) Missile defense systems. (B) Missile defense interceptors. (C) Network and communications systems. (D) Research, development, test, and evaluation. (E) Software development. (F) Military construction. (G) Operations and maintenance. (H) Civilian and military personnel. (I) Such other matters as the Under Secretary considers appropriate. (c) Major highlights Each briefing provided pursuant to subsection (a) shall include notable highlights and changes affecting the progress towards initial and full operational capability of the missile defense system protecting Guam. 1536. Establishing capabilities to further Jordanian air and missile defense (a) Requirement (1) In general Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Commander of Central Command, work cooperatively with the Minister of Defense of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan to establish or further capabilities for countering air and missile threats from Iran and its terrorist proxies, including the threat from unmanned aerial systems, that threaten the United States, Jordan, and other allies and partners of the United States. (2) Protection of sensitive technology and information The Secretary shall ensure that any activities carried out under this subsection are conducted in a manner that appropriately protects sensitive technology and information and the national security interests of the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. (b) Limitation and report Activities may not be carried out under subsection (a) until after the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (1) A memorandum of agreement between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan regarding sharing of research and development costs for the capabilities described in subparagraph (A) and any supporting documents. (2) A certification that the memorandum of agreement— (A) requires sharing of costs of projects, including in-kind support, between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan; (B) establishes a framework to negotiate the rights to any intellectual property developed under the memorandum of agreement; and (C) requires the United States Government to receive semiannual reports on expenditure of funds, if any, by the Government of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, including a description of what the funds have been used for, when funds were expended, and an identification of entities that expended the funds. (c) Middle East integrated air and missile defense (1) In general Pursuant to section 1658 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ), the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State and with the concurrence of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, develop a plan to bolster the participation of Jordan in a multinational integrated air and missile defense architecture to protect the people, infrastructure, and territory of Jordan from cruise and ballistic missiles, manned and unmanned aerial systems, and rocket attacks from Iran and groups linked to Iran. (2) Briefing Not later than March 1, 2025, the Secretary and the Commander of United States Central Command shall provide the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a briefing on the progress of the Department of Defense towards bolstering the participation of Jordan in a multinational integrated air and missile defense architecture, and provide a list of requirements, with cost estimates, for strengthening the defense of Jordan within this architecture. 1537. Organization and codification of provisions of law relating to missile defense (a) In general Part I of subtitle A of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new chapter: 26 Missile Defense Sec. 500aa. Missile defense agency. Sec. 500ab. Prohibitions relating to missile defense information and systems. Sec. 500ac. Ballistic missile defense programs: program elements. Sec. 500ad. Ballistic missile defense programs: display of amounts for research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 500ae. Unfunded priorities of the missile defense agency: annual report. Sec. 500af. Acquisition accountability reports on the ballistic missile defense system. Sec. 500ag. Missile defense and defeat programs: major force program and budget assessment. Sec. 500ah. Biannual briefing on missile defense and related activities. Sec. 500ai. Limitation on Missile Defense Agency production of satellites and ground systems associated with operation of such satellites. Sec. 500aj. Development of space-based ballistic missile intercept layer. Sec. 500ak. National missile defense policy. Sec. 500al. Technical authority for integrated air and missile defense activities and programs. Sec. 500am. Hypersonic defense capability development. Sec. 500an. Required testing of ground-based midcourse defense element of ballistic missile defense system. Sec. 500ao. Integration and interoperability of air and missile defense capabilities. Sec. 500ap. Boost phase defense system. Sec. 500aq. Development and deployment of multiple-object kill vehicle for missile defense of the United States Homeland. Sec. 500ar. Development of requirements to support integrated air and missile defense capabilities. Sec. 500as. Testing and assessment of missile defense systems prior to production and deployment. Sec. 500at. Limitation on availability of funds for missile defense interceptors in Europe. Sec. 500au. Policy of the United States on priorities in the development, testing, and fielding of missile defense capabilities. Sec. 500av. Provision of information on flight testing of ground-based midcourse national missile defense system. 500aa. Missile defense agency (a) Appointment of director The Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall be a general or flag officer appointed for a six-year term. (b) Deputy director (1) There is a Deputy Director of the Missile Defense Agency, who shall be appointed by the Secretary of Defense from among the general officers on active duty in the Army, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Space Force, or from among the flag officers on active duty in the Navy. In selecting an individual to serve as the Deputy Director, the Secretary of Defense shall select an individual who serves in a different armed force than the armed force in which the Director serves. (2) The Deputy Director shall be appointed for a term of not fewer than two, and not more than four years. (3) The Deputy Director shall be under the authority, direction, and control of the Director of the Missile Defense Agency. (4) The Deputy Director shall— (A) carry out such responsibilities as may be assigned by the Director; and (B) serve as acting director during periods of absence by the Director, or at such times as the office of the Director is vacant. (c) Notification of changes to non-standard acquisition and requirements processes and responsibilities (1) The Secretary of Defense may not make any changes to the missile defense non-standard acquisition and requirements processes and responsibilities unless, with respect to those proposed changes— (A) the Secretary, without delegation, has taken each of the actions specified in paragraph (2); and (B) a period of 120 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary submits the report under subparagraph (C) of such paragraph. (2) If the Secretary proposes to make changes to the missile defense non-standard acquisition and requirements processes and responsibilities, the Secretary shall— (A) consult with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the Secretaries of the military departments, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, the Commander of the United States Northern Command, and the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, regarding the changes; (B) certify to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary has coordinated the changes with, and received the views of, the individuals referred to in subparagraph (A); (C) submit to the congressional defense committees a report that contains— (i) a description of the changes, the rationale for the changes, and the views of the individuals referred to in subparagraph (A) with respect to the changes; (ii) a certification that the changes will not impair the missile defense capabilities of the United States nor degrade the unique special acquisition authorities of the Missile Defense Agency; and (iii) with respect to any such changes to Department of Defense Directive 5134.09, or successor directive issued in accordance with this subsection, a final draft of the proposed modified directive, both in an electronic format and in a hard copy format; and (D) with respect to any such changes to Department of Defense Directive 5134.09, or successor directive issued in accordance with this subsection, provide to such committees a briefing on the proposed modified directive described in subparagraph (C)(iii). (3) In this subsection, the term non-standard acquisition and requirements processes and responsibilities means the processes and responsibilities described in— (A) the memorandum of the Secretary of Defense titled Missile Defense Program Direction signed on January 2, 2002, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this subsection or as modified in accordance with this subsection, or any successor memorandum issued in accordance with this subsection; (B) Department of Defense Directive 5134.09, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this subsection (without regard to any modifications described in Directive-type Memorandum 20–002 of the Deputy Secretary of Defense, or any amendments or extensions thereto made before the date of such enactment), or as modified in accordance with this subsection, or any successor directive issued in accordance with this subsection; and (C) United States Strategic Command Instruction 538–3 titled MD Warfighter Involvement Process , as in effect on the date of the enactment of this subsection or as modified in accordance with this subsection, or any successor instruction issued in accordance with this subsection. 500ab. Prohibitions relating to missile defense information and systems (a) Certain Hit-to-kill Technology and telemetry data None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be used to provide the Russian Federation with hit-to-kill technology and telemetry data for missile defense interceptors or target vehicles. (b) Other sensitive missile defense information None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be used to provide the Russian Federation with— (1) information relating to velocity at burnout of missile defense interceptors or targets of the United States; or (2) classified or otherwise controlled missile defense information. (c) Exception The prohibitions in subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to the United States providing to the Russian Federation information regarding ballistic missile early warning. (d) Integration None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to integrate a missile defense system of the Russian Federation or a missile defense system of the People’s Republic of China into any missile defense system of the United States. 500ac. Ballistic missile defense programs: program elements (a) Program elements specified by president In the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of Defense budget for any fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31), the amount requested for activities of the Missile Defense Agency shall be set forth in accordance with such program elements as the President may specify. (b) Separate program elements for programs entering engineering and manufacturing development (1) The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that each ballistic missile defense program that enters engineering and manufacturing development is assigned a separate, dedicated program element. (2) In this subsection, the term engineering and manufacturing development means the period in the course of an acquisition program during which the primary objectives are to— (A) translate the most promising design approach into a stable, interoperable, producible, supportable, and cost-effective design; (B) validate the manufacturing or production process; and (C) demonstrate system capabilities through testing. (c) Management and support The amount requested for a fiscal year for any program element specified for that fiscal year pursuant to subsection (a) shall include requests for the amounts necessary for the management and support of the programs, projects, and activities contained in that program element. 500ad. Ballistic missile defense programs: display of amounts for research, development, test, and evaluation (a) Requirement Any amount in the budget submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31 for any fiscal year for research, development, test, and evaluation for the integration of a ballistic missile defense element into the overall ballistic missile defense architecture shall be set forth under the account of the Department of Defense for Defense-wide research, development, test, and evaluation and, within that account, under the subaccount (or other budget activity level) for the Missile Defense Agency. (b) Transfer criteria (1) The Secretary of Defense shall establish criteria for the transfer of responsibility for a ballistic missile defense program from the Director of the Missile Defense Agency to the Secretary of a military department. The criteria established for such a transfer shall, at a minimum, address the following: (A) The technical maturity of the program. (B) The availability of facilities for production. (C) The commitment of the Secretary of the military department concerned to procurement funding for that program, as shown by funding through the future-years defense program and other defense planning documents. (2) The Secretary shall submit the criteria established, and any modifications to those criteria, to the congressional defense committees. (c) Notification of transfer Before responsibility for a ballistic missile defense program is transferred from the Director of the Missile Defense Agency to the Secretary of a military department, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees notice in writing of the Secretary’s intent to make that transfer. The Secretary shall include with such notice a certification that the program has met the criteria established under subsection (b) for such a transfer. The transfer may then be carried out after the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date of such notice. (d) Conforming budget and planning transfers When a ballistic missile defense program is transferred from the Missile Defense Agency to the Secretary of a military department in accordance with this section, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that all appropriate conforming changes are made to proposed or projected funding allocations in the future-years defense program under section 221 of this title and other Department of Defense program, budget, and planning documents. (e) Follow-on research, development, test, and evaluation The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that, before a ballistic missile defense program is transferred from the Director of the Missile Defense Agency to the Secretary of a military department, roles and responsibilities for research, development, test, and evaluation related to system improvements for that program are clearly delineated. 500ae. Unfunded priorities of the missile defense agency: annual report (a) Reports Not later than 10 days after the date on which the budget of the President for a fiscal year is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and to the congressional defense committees, a report on the unfunded priorities of the Missile Defense Agency. (b) Elements (1) In general Each report under subsection (a) shall specify, for each unfunded priority covered by such report, the following: (A) A summary description of such priority, including the objectives to be achieved if such priority is funded (whether in whole or in part). (B) The additional amount of funds recommended in connection with the objectives under subparagraph (A). (C) Account information with respect to such priority, including the following (as applicable): (i) Line Item Number (LIN) for applicable procurement accounts. (ii) Program Element (PE) number for applicable research, development, test, and evaluation accounts. (iii) Sub-activity group (SAG) for applicable operation and maintenance accounts. (2) Prioritization of priorities Each report under subsection (a) shall present the unfunded priorities covered by such report in order of urgency of priority. (c) Unfunded priority defined In this section, the term unfunded priority , in the case of a fiscal year, means a program, activity, or mission requirement of the Missile Defense Agency that— (1) is not funded in the budget of the President for the fiscal year as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code; (2) is necessary to fulfill a requirement associated with an operational or contingency plan of a combatant command or other validated requirement; and (3) would have been recommended for funding through the budget referred to in paragraph (1) by the Director of the Missile Defense Agency in connection with the budget if additional resources had been available for the budget to fund the program, activity, or mission requirement. 500af . Acquisition accountability reports on the ballistic missile defense system (a) Baselines required (1) In accordance with paragraph (2), the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall establish and maintain an acquisition baseline for— (A) each program element of the ballistic missile defense system, as specified in section 223 of this title; and (B) each designated major subprogram of such program elements. (2) The Director shall establish an acquisition baseline required by paragraph (1) before the date on which the program element or major subprogram enters— (A) engineering and manufacturing development (or its equivalent); and (B) production and deployment. (3) Except as provided by subsection (d), the Director may not adjust or revise an acquisition baseline established under this section. (b) Elements of baselines Each acquisition baseline required by subsection (a) for a program element or major subprogram shall include the following: (1) A comprehensive schedule, including— (A) research and development milestones; (B) acquisition milestones, including design reviews and key decision points; (C) key test events, including ground, flight, and cybersecurity tests and ballistic missile defense system tests; (D) delivery and fielding schedules; (E) quantities of assets planned for acquisition and delivery in total and by fiscal year; and (F) planned contract award dates. (2) A detailed technical description of— (A) the capability to be developed, including hardware and software; (B) system requirements, including performance requirements; (C) how the proposed capability satisfies a capability requirement or performance attribute identified through— (i) the missile defense warfighter involvement process, as governed by United States Strategic Command Instruction 538-03, or such successor document; or (ii) processes and products approved by the Joint Chiefs of Staff or Joint Requirements Oversight Council; (D) key knowledge points that must be achieved to permit continuation of the program and to inform production and deployment decisions; and (E) how the Director plans to improve the capability over time. (3) A cost estimate, including— (A) a life-cycle cost estimate that separately identifies the costs regarding research and development, procurement, military construction, operations and sustainment, and disposal; (B) program acquisition unit costs for the program element; (C) average procurement unit costs and program acquisition costs for the program element; (D) an identification of when the document regarding the program joint cost analysis requirements description is scheduled to be approved; and (E) an explanation for why a program joint cost analysis requirements description has not been prepared and approved, and, if a program joint cost analysis requirements description is not applicable, the rationale for such inapplicability. (4) A test baseline summarizing the comprehensive test program for the program element or major subprogram outlined in the integrated master test plan. (c) Annual reports on acquisition baselines (1) Not later than February 15 of each year, the Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the acquisition baselines required by subsection (a). (2) (A) The first report under paragraph (1) shall set forth each acquisition baseline required by subsection (a) for a program element or major subprogram. (B) Each subsequent report under paragraph (1) shall include— (i) any new acquisition baselines required by subsection (a) for a program element or major subprogram; and (ii) with respect to an acquisition baseline that was previously included in a report under paragraph (1), an identification of any changes or variances made to the elements described in subsection (b) for such acquisition baseline, as compared to— (I) the original acquisition baseline for such program element or major subprogram; (II) the acquisition baseline for such program element or major subprogram that was submitted in the report during the previous year; and (III) the most recent adjusted or revised acquisition baseline for such program element or major subprogram under subsection (d). (3) (A) Each report under paragraph (1) shall include the total system costs for each element described in subparagraph (B) that comprises the missile defense system, without regard to funding source or management control (such as the Missile Defense Agency, a military department, or other element of the Department of Defense). (B) The elements described in this subparagraph shall include the following: (i) Research and development. (ii) Procurement. (iii) Military construction. (iv) Operations and sustainment. (v) Disposal. (4) Each report under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (5) In this subsection: (A) The term original acquisition baseline means, with respect to a program element or major subprogram, the first acquisition baseline created for the program element or major subprogram that has no previous iterations and has not been adjusted or revised, including any adjustments or revisions pursuant to subsection (d). (B) The term total system costs means, with respect to each element that comprises the missile defense system— (i) all combined costs from closed, canceled, and active acquisition baselines; (ii) any costs shifted to or a part of future efforts without an established acquisition baseline; and (iii) any costs under the responsibility of a military department or other Department entity. (d) Exception to limitation on revision The Director may adjust or revise an acquisition baseline established under this section if the Director submits to the congressional defense committees notification of— (1) a justification for such adjustment or revision; (2) the specific adjustments or revisions made to the acquisition baseline, including to the elements described in subsection (b); and (3) the effective date of the adjusted or revised acquisition baseline. (e) Operations and sustainment cost estimates The Director shall ensure that each life-cycle cost estimate included in an acquisition baseline pursuant to subsection (b)(3)(A) includes— (1) all of the operations and sustainment costs for which the Director is responsible; (2) a description of the operations and sustainment functions and costs for which a military department is responsible; (3) the amount of operations and sustainment costs (dollar value and base year) for which the military department or other element of the Department of Defense is responsible; and (4) (A) a citation to the source (such as a joint cost estimate or one or more military department estimates) that captures the operations and sustainment costs for which a military department or other element of the Department of Defense is responsible; (B) the date the source was prepared; and (C) if and when the source was independently verified by the Office for Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation. 500ag. Missile defense and defeat programs: major force program and budget assessment (a) Establishment of major force program The Secretary of Defense shall establish a unified major force program for missile defense and defeat programs pursuant to section 222(b) of this title to prioritize missile defense and defeat programs in accordance with the requirements of the Department of Defense and national security. (b) Budget assessment (1) The Secretary shall include with the defense budget materials for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 a report on the budget for missile defense and defeat programs of the Department of Defense. (2) Each report on the budget for missile defense and defeat programs of the Department under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An overview of the budget, including— (i) a comparison between that budget, the previous budget, the most recent and prior future-years defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title (such comparison shall exclude the responsibility for research and development of the continuing improvement of such missile defense and defeat program), and the amounts appropriated for such missile defense and defeat programs during the previous fiscal year; and (ii) the specific identification, as a budgetary line item, for the funding under such programs. (B) An assessment of the budget, including significant changes, priorities, challenges, and risks. (C) Any additional matters the Secretary determines appropriate. (3) Each report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) Definitions In this section: (1) The term budget , with respect to a fiscal year, means the budget for that fiscal year that is submitted to Congress by the President under section 1105(a) of title 31. (2) The term defense budget materials , with respect to a fiscal year, means the materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense in support of the budget for that fiscal year. (3) The term missile defense and defeat programs means active and passive ballistic missile defense programs, cruise missile defense programs for the homeland, and missile defeat programs. 500ah. Biannual briefing on missile defense and related activities (a) In general On or about June 1 and December 1 of each year, the officials specified in subsection (b) shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on matters relating to missile defense policies, operations, technology development, and other similar topics as requested by such committees. (b) Officials specified The officials specified in this subsection are the following: (1) The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition. (2) The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Space Policy. (3) The Director of the Missile Defense Agency. (4) The Director for Strategy, Plans, and Policy of the Joint Staff. (c) Delegation An official specified in subsection (b) may delegate the authority to provide a briefing required by subsection (a) to a member of the Senior Executive Service who reports to the official. (d) Termination The requirement to provide a briefing under subsection (a) shall terminate on January 1, 2028. 500ai. Limitation on Missile Defense Agency production of satellites and ground systems associated with operation of such satellites (a) Production of satellites and ground systems The Director of the Missile Defense Agency may not authorize or obligate funding for a program of record for the production of satellites or ground systems associated with the operation of such satellites. (b) Prototype satellites (1) The Director, with the concurrence of the Space Acquisition Council established by section 9021 of this title, may authorize the production of one or more prototype satellites, consistent with the requirements of the Missile Defense Agency. (2) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Space Acquisition Council concurs with the Director with respect to authorizing the production of a prototype satellite under paragraph (1), the chair of the Council shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report explaining the reasons for such concurrence. (3) The Director may not obligate funds for the production of a prototype satellite under paragraph (1) before the date on which the Space Acquisition Council submits the report for such prototype satellite under paragraph (2). 500aj. Development of space-based ballistic missile intercept layer Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall develop a space-based ballistic missile intercept layer to the ballistic missile defense system that is— (1) regionally focused; (2) capable of providing boost-phase defense; and (3) achieves an operational capability at the earliest practicable date. 500ak. National missile defense policy It is the policy of the United States— (1) to research, develop, test, procure, deploy, and sustain, with funding subject to the annual authorization of appropriations for National Missile Defense, systems that provide effective, layered missile defense capabilities to defeat increasingly complex missile threats in all phases of flight; and (2) to rely on nuclear deterrence to address more sophisticated and larger quantity near-peer intercontinental missile threats to the homeland of the United States. 500al. Technical authority for integrated air and missile defense activities and programs (a) In general The Director of the Missile Defense Agency is the technical authority of the Department of Defense for integrated air and missile defense activities and programs, including joint engineering and integration efforts for such activities and programs, including with respect to defining and controlling the interfaces of such activities and programs and the allocation of technical requirements for such activities and programs. (b) Detailees (1) In carrying out the technical authority under paragraph (1), the Director may seek to have staff detailed to the Missile Defense Agency from the Joint Functional Component Command for Integrated Missile Defense and the Joint Integrated Air and Missile Defense Organization in a number the Director determines necessary in accordance with subparagraph (B). (2) In detailing staff under subparagraph (A) to carry out the technical authority under paragraph (1), the total number of staff, including detailees, of the Missile Defense Agency who carry out such authority may not exceed the number that is twice the number of such staff carrying out such authority as of January 1, 2016. 500am. Hypersonic defense capability development (a) Executive agent The Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall serve as the executive agent for the Department of Defense for the development of a capability by the United States to counter hypersonic boost-glide vehicle capabilities and conventional prompt strike capabilities that may be employed against the United States, the allies of the United States, and the deployed forces of the United States. (b) Duties In carrying out subsection (a), the Director shall— (1) develop architectures for a hypersonic defense capability, from detecting threats to intercepting such threats, that— (A) involves systems of the military departments and the Defense Agencies; and (B) includes both kinetic and nonkinetic options for such interception; and (2) not later than September 30, 2017, establish a program of record to develop a hypersonic defense capability. 500an. Required testing of ground-based midcourse defense element of ballistic missile defense system (a) Testing required Except as provided in subsection (c), not less frequently than once each fiscal year, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall administer a flight test of the ground-based midcourse defense element of the ballistic missile defense system. Beginning not later than five years after the date on which the next generation interceptor achieves initial operational capability, the Director shall ensure that such flight tests include the next generation interceptor. (b) Requirements The Director shall ensure that each test carried out under subsection (a) provides for one or more of the following: (1) The validation of technical improvements made to increase system performance and reliability. (2) The evaluation of the operational effectiveness of the ground-based midcourse defense element of the ballistic missile defense system. (3) The use of threat-representative targets and critical engagement conditions, including the use of threat-representative countermeasures. (4) The evaluation of new configurations of interceptors before they are fielded. (5) The satisfaction of the 'fly before buy' acquisition approach for new interceptor components or software. (6) The evaluation of the interoperability of the ground-based midcourse defense element with other elements of the ballistic missile defense systems. (c) Exceptions The Director may forgo a test under subsection (a) in a fiscal year under one or more of the following conditions: (1) Such a test would jeopardize national security. (2) Insufficient time considerations between post-test analysis and subsequent pre-test design. (3) Insufficient funding. (4) An interceptor is unavailable. (5) A target is unavailable or is insufficiently representative of threats. (6) The test range or necessary test assets are unavailable. (7) Inclement weather. (8) Any other condition the Director considers appropriate. (d) Certification Not later than 45 days after forgoing a test for a condition or conditions under subsection (c)(8), the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall submit to the congressional defense committees a certification setting forth the condition or conditions that caused the test to be forgone under such subsection. (e) Report Not later than 45 days after forgoing a test for any condition specified in subsection (c), the Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the rationale for forgoing the test and a plan to restore an intercept flight test in the Integrated Master Test Plan of the Missile Defense Agency. In the case of a test forgone for a condition or conditions under subsection (c)(8), the report required by this subsection is in addition to the certification required by subsection (d). 500ao. Integration and interoperability of air and missile defense capabilities (a) Interoperability of Missile Defense Systems The Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the chairman of the Missile Defense Executive Board (pursuant to section 1681(c) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ), acting through the Missile Defense Executive Board, shall ensure the interoperability and integration of the covered air and missile defense capabilities of the United States, including by carrying out operational testing. (b) Annual demonstration (1) Except as provided by paragraph (2), the Director of the Missile Defense Agency and the Secretary of the Army shall jointly ensure that not less than one intercept or flight test is carried out each year that demonstrates interoperability and integration among the covered air and missile defense capabilities of the United States. (2) The Director and the Secretary may waive the requirement in paragraph (1) with respect to an intercept or flight test carried out during the year covered by the waiver if the chairman of the Missile Defense Executive Board— (A) determines that such waiver is necessary for such year; and (B) submits to the congressional defense committees notification of such waiver, including an explanation for how such waiver will not negatively affect demonstrating the interoperability and integration among the covered air and missile defense capabilities of the United States. (c) Definition of covered air and missile defense capabilities In this section, the term covered air and missile defense capabilities means Patriot air and missile defense batteries and associated interceptors and systems, Aegis ships and associated ballistic missile interceptors (including Aegis Ashore capability), AN/TPY–2 radars, or terminal high altitude area defense batteries and interceptors. 500ap. Boost phase defense system The Secretary of Defense shall— (1) prioritize technology investments in the Department of Defense to support feasible and cost-effective efforts by the Missile Defense Agency to develop and field an airborne boost phase defense system by not later than fiscal year 2025; (2) ensure that development and fielding of a boost phase missile defense layer to the ballistic missile defense system supports multiple warfighter missile defense requirements, including, specifically, protection of the United States homeland and allies of the United States against ballistic missiles, particularly in the boost phase; (3) continue development and fielding of high-energy lasers, electromagnetic and other railgun technology, high-power microwave systems, and other advanced technologies as part of a layered architecture to defend ships and theater bases against air and cruise missile strikes; (4) encourage collaboration among the military departments and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency with respect to high energy laser efforts carried out in support of the Missile Defense Agency; and (5) ensure cooperation and coordination between the Missile Defense Agency with respect to the plans of the Missile Defense Agency to develop an airborne laser and the requirements of the Air Force for unmanned aerial vehicles. 500aq. Development and deployment of multiple-object kill vehicle for missile defense of the United States Homeland (a) Multiple-object kill vehicle (1) Development The Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall develop a highly reliable multiple-object kill vehicle for the ground-based midcourse defense system using sound acquisition practices. (2) Deployment The Director shall— (A) conduct rigorous flight testing of the multiple-object kill vehicle developed under paragraph (1) by not later than 2020; and (B) recognizing the primacy of developing the redesigned kill vehicle, produce and deploy the multiple-object kill vehicle as early as practicable after the date on which the Director carries out subparagraph (A). (b) Capabilities and criteria The Director shall ensure that the multiple-object kill vehicle developed under subsection (a)(1) meets, at a minimum, the following capabilities and criteria: (1) Vehicle-to-vehicle communications. (2) Vehicle-to-ground communications. (3) Kill assessment capability. (4) The ability to counter advanced counter measures, decoys, and penetration aids. (5) Producibility and manufacturability. (6) Use of technology involving high technology readiness levels. (7) Options to be integrated onto other missile defense interceptor vehicles other than the ground-based interceptors of the ground-based midcourse defense system. (8) Sound acquisition processes. (c) Program management The management of the multiple-object kill vehicle program under subsection (a) shall report directly to the Deputy Director of the Missile Defense Agency. 500ar. Development of requirements to support integrated air and missile defense capabilities (a) In general Consistent with the memorandum of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of January 27, 2014, regarding joint integrated air and missile defense, the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall oversee the development of warfighter requirements for persistent and survivable capabilities to detect, identify, determine the status, track, and support engagement of strategically important mobile or relocatable assets in all phases of conflict in order to achieve the objective of preventing the effective employment of such assets, including through offensive actions against such assets prior to their use. (b) Purpose of requirements The requirements developed pursuant to subsection (a) shall be used and updated, as appropriate, for the purpose of informing applicable acquisition programs and systems-of-systems architecture planning that are funded through the Military Intelligence Program, the National Intelligence Program, and non-intelligence programs. (c) Supporting activities The Vice Chairman shall also oversee the development of the enabling framework for intelligence support for integrated air and missile defense, including concepts for the integrated operation of multiple systems, and, as appropriate, the development of requirements for capabilities to be acquired to achieve such integrated operations. 500as. Testing and assessment of missile defense systems prior to production and deployment (a) Successful testing required prior to final production or operational deployment The Secretary of Defense may not make a final production decision for, or operationally deploy, a covered system unless— (1) the Secretary ensures that— (A) sufficient and operationally realistic testing of the covered system is conducted to assess the performance of the covered system in order to inform a final production decision or an operational deployment decision; and (B) the results of such testing have demonstrated a high probability that the covered system— (i) will work in an operationally effective manner; and (ii) has the ability to accomplish the intended mission of the covered system; (2) the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation has carried out subsection (c) with respect to such covered system; and (3) the Commander of the United States Strategic Command has carried out subsection (d) with respect to such covered system. (b) Assessment by director of operational test and evaluation The Director of Operational Test and Evaluation shall— (1) provide to the Secretary the assessment of the Director, based on the available test data, of the sufficiency, adequacy, and results of the testing of each covered system, including an assessment of whether the covered system will be sufficiently effective, suitable, and survivable when needed; and (2) submit to the congressional defense committees a written summary of such assessment. (c) Assessment by commander of united states strategic command The Commander of the United States Strategic Command shall— (1) provide to the Secretary a military utility assessment of the operational utility of each covered system; and (2) not later than 30 days after providing such assessment to the Secretary, submit to the congressional defense committees a written summary of such assessment. (d) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed to alter, modify, or otherwise affect a determination of the Secretary with respect to the participation of the Missile Defense Agency in the Joint Capabilities Integration Development System or the acquisition reporting process under the Department of Defense Directive 5000 series. (e) Covered system In this section, the term covered system means a new or substantially upgraded interceptor or weapon system of the ballistic missile defense system, other than the re-designed exo-atmospheric kill vehicle covered by the acquisition plan developed under section 1663 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. Buck McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note). 500at. Limitation on availability of funds for missile defense interceptors in Europe (a) Limitation on construction and deployment of interceptors No funds authorized to be appropriated by the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 ( Public Law 111–383 ) or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2011 or any fiscal year thereafter may be obligated or expended for site activation, construction, or deployment of missile defense interceptors on European land as part of the phased, adaptive approach to missile defense in Europe until— (1) any nation agreeing to host such system has signed and ratified a missile defense basing agreement and a status of forces agreement authorizing the deployment of such interceptors; and (2) a period of 45 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees the report on the independent assessment of alternative missile defense systems in Europe required by section 235(c)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( Public Law 111–84 ; 123 Stat. 2235). (b) Limitation on procurement or deployment of interceptors No funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2011 or any fiscal year thereafter may be obligated or expended for the procurement (other than initial long-lead procurement) or deployment of operational missiles on European land as part of the phased, adaptive approach to missile defense in Europe until the Secretary of Defense, after receiving the views of the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, submits to the congressional defense committees a report certifying that the proposed interceptor to be deployed as part of such missile defense system has demonstrated, through successful, operationally realistic flight testing, a high probability of working in an operationally effective manner and that such missile defense system has the ability to accomplish the mission. (c) Waiver The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitations in subsections (a) and (b) if— (1) the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees written certification that the waiver is in the urgent national security interests of the United States; and (2) a period of seven days has elapsed following the date on which the certification under paragraph (1) is submitted. (d) Construction Nothing in this section shall be construed so as to limit the obligation and expenditure of funds for any missile defense activities not otherwise limited by subsection (a) or (b), including, with respect to the planned deployments of missile defense interceptors on European land as part of the phased, adaptive approach to missile defense in Europe— (1) research, development, test and evaluation; (2) site surveys; (3) studies and analyses; and (4) site planning and design and construction design. 500au. Policy of the United States on priorities in the development, testing, and fielding of missile defense capabilities It is the policy of the United States that the Department of Defense accord a priority within the missile defense program to the development, testing, fielding, and improvement of effective near-term missile defense capabilities, including the ground-based midcourse defense system, the Aegis ballistic missile defense system, the Patriot PAC-3 system, the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system, and the sensors necessary to support such systems. 500av. Provision of information on flight testing of ground-based midcourse national missile defense system (a) Information to be furnished to congressional committees The Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall provide to the congressional defense committees information on the results of each flight test of the Ground-based Midcourse national missile defense system. (b) Content Information provided under subsection (a) on the results of a flight test shall include the following matters: (1) A thorough discussion of the content and objectives of the test. (2) For each such test objective, a statement regarding whether or not the objective was achieved. (3) For any such test objective not achieved— (A) a thorough discussion describing the reasons that the objective was not achieved; and (B) a discussion of any plans for future tests to achieve that objective. . (b) Conforming repeals The following are repealed: (1) Sections 130h, 205, 222b, 223, 224, 225, 239a, 487 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Subsection (a) of section 1662 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 10 U.S.C. 4022 note). (3) Subsection (a) of section 1662 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note). (4) Subsection (a) of section 1681 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note). (5) Subsection (a) of section 1686 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note). (6) Section 1687 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note). (7) Section 1689 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note). (8) Section 1675 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note). (9) Subsection (a) of section 1680 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note). (10) Section 1681 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note). (11) Section 1687of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note). (12) Section 1662 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. Buck McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note). (13) Section 223 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 ( Public Law 111–383 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note). (14) Section 223 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 ( Public Law 109–364 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note). (15) Section 224 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 ( Public Law 107–314 ; 10 U.S.C. 4205 note). (c) Clerical amendments (1) Table of chapters The table of chapters as the beginning of subtitle A of title 10, United States Code, and at the beginning of part I of such subtitle, are each amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 25 the following new item: 26. Missile Defense . (2) Tables of sections The tables of sections at the beginning of chapters 3, 8, 9, and 23 are each amended by striking the items relating to sections 130h, 205, 222b, 223, 224, 225, 239a, and 487. D Other matters 1541. Defense Industrial Base workforce development strategy (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Administrator for Nuclear Security of the National Nuclear Security Administration and other individuals as the Secretary determines appropriate, shall develop a strategy for promoting the development of a skilled manufacturing and high-demand vocational trade workforce to support the expansion of the national technology and industrial base and nuclear security enterprise. (b) Reports required (1) Strategy implementation Not later than 120 days after the development of the strategy described in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report that outlines the strategy and includes a detailed description of measures to implement the strategy, including planned schedules and progress milestones. (2) Annual implementation progress Not later than November 15, 2025, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on any progress made in implementing the strategy. (c) Definitions In this section: (1) National technology and industrial base The term national technology and industrial base has the meaning given that term in section 4801 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Nuclear security enterprise The term nuclear security enterprise has the meaning given that term in section 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2501 ). 1542. Revision of Secretary of Defense authority to engage in commercial activities as security for intelligence collection activities (a) Extension of authority Section 431(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking December 31, 2024 and inserting December 31, 2029 . (b) Interagency coordination and support Paragraph (1) of section 431(b) of such title is amended to read as follows: (1) be pre-coordinated with the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency using procedures mutually agreed upon by the Secretary of Defense and the Director, and, where appropriate, be supported by the Director; and . 1543. Extension and modification of defense intelligence and counterintelligence expense authority (a) Codification Subchapter I of chapter 21 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end a new section 430c consisting of— (1) a heading as follows: 430c. Expenditure of funds for Department of Defense intelligence and counterintelligence activities ; and (2) a text consisting of subsections (a) through (f) of section 1057 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 133 Stat. 1593). (b) Permanent extension Subsection (a) of such section 430c is amended by striking for any of fiscal years 2020 through 2025 . (c) Annual reports Subsection (d) of such section 430c is amended by striking Not later than December 31 of each of 2020 through 2025 and inserting Not later than December 31 of each year . (d) Limitation on delegations Subsection (e) of such section 430c is amended by striking $100,000 and inserting $250,000 . (e) Exclusive authority Such section 430c is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection (f): (f) Exclusive authority The authority provided by subsection (a) to expend amounts described in such subsection for the purpose described in such subsection shall be the exclusive authority available to the Secretary to expend such amounts for such purposes. . (f) Conforming repeal Section 1057 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 133 Stat. 1593) is repealed. (g) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 21 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 430b the following new item: 430c. Expenditure of funds for Department of Defense intelligence and counterintelligence activities. . 1544. Limitation on use of funds for certain unreported programs (a) Limitation on availability of funds None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended in support of any activities involving unidentified anomalous phenomena protected under any form of special access or restricted access limitations unless the Secretary of Defense has provided the details of the activity to the appropriate congressional committees and congressional leadership, including for any activities described in a report released by the All-Domain Anomaly Resolution Office in fiscal year 2024. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) The term appropriate congressional committees means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) The term congressional leadership means— (A) the majority leader of the Senate; (B) the minority leader of the Senate; (C) the Speaker of the House of Representatives; and (D) the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (3) The term unidentified anomalous phenomena has the meaning given such term in section 1683(n) of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2022 ( 50 U.S.C. 3373(n) ), as amended by section 6802(a) of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ). 1545. Pilot program on establishing a geospatial workforce development program (a) Pilot program required (1) In general The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of establishing a program to develop a skilled workforce in geospatial technologies, methodologies, and capabilities to support the defense intelligence requirements of the Department of Defense. (2) Designation The pilot program carried out pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be known as the Geospatial Workforce Pilot Program (in this section the Pilot Program ). (b) Goals In carrying out the Pilot Program, the Secretary shall seek— (1) to assess the demand for geospatial technology skills in both military and civilian sectors in proximity to facilities of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency in the United States; (2) to expand, align, and accelerate the education, training, and certification of a geospatial workforce; (3) to support a global research hub for geospatial science and technology; (4) to foster partnerships with secondary and postsecondary educational institutions, industry leaders, and local governments to support the workforce development; (5) to increase employment opportunities and economic growth in regions that are in proximity to National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency locations in the United States through enhanced geospatial capabilities; and (6) to support Department of Defense operations and infrastructure with a skilled geospatial workforce. (c) Location (1) In general In selecting a location for the pilot program required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall prioritize a location— (A) where the Secretary can partner with an eligible institution of higher education that— (i) conducts research; (ii) is in close proximity to National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency facilities outside of the National Capital Region; (iii) offers programs of education in geospatial or related matters; and (iv) has a demonstrated ability build the professional workforce, by impacting kindergarten through college learning and beyond, as demonstrated by an educational partnership agreement and a collaborative research and development agreement with the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency; (B) that has a significant presence of Department of Defense installations or related activities; and (C) that demonstrates a strong potential to recruit from a broad spectrum of academic candidates for growth in geospatial technology sectors; (2) Eligible institutions of higher education For purposes of the Pilot Program, an eligible institution of higher education is an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 )) that— (A) is an institution of higher education described in paragraph (1)(A); (B) has a demonstrated capacity for research and development in geospatial technologies; and (C) engages in partnerships with local schools and community organizations to promote geospatial education at all levels. (d) Implementation In carrying out the Pilot Program, the Secretary shall— (1) collaborate with local and regional educational institutions, including public research institutions, to develop curriculum and training modules tailored to geospatial technology skills; (2) engage with industry partners to ensure the training meets current and future workforce demands; (3) provide funding and resources for training facilities, instructors, and materials; and (4) monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of the training programs and make necessary adjustments to improve outcomes. (e) Citizenship requirement The Secretary shall ensure that participation in the Pilot Program is limited to citizens of the United States. (f) Termination The requirement to carry out a pilot program under subsection (a) shall terminate on September 30, 2030. (g) Reports (1) Initial report Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the establishment of the Pilot Program. (2) Annual report (A) Not later than one year after the date of the commencement of the Pilot Program, and not less frequently than once each year thereafter through fiscal year 2030, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives an annual report on the Pilot Program. (B) Each report submitted pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall include, for the period covered by the report, the following with respect to the goals of subsection (b): (i) An assessment of the demand for geospatial technology skills. (ii) The progress in developing and implementing the Pilot Program. (iii) Employment outcomes and economic impact. (iv) Recommendations for expanding or modifying the Pilot Program. 1546. Intelligence advice and support for Government of Israel in capturing or killing certain officials of Hamas (a) In general The Secretary of Defense and the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall jointly provide to the Government of Israel defense intelligence, advice, and support, to the extent practicable and consistent with United States objectives to support Israel's pursuit of the lasting defeat of Hamas, to assist in either capturing or killing senior Hamas officials. (b) Notification Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the congressional defense committees with a briefing on the intelligence, advice, and support provided to assist the Government of Israel to capture or kill senior officials of Hamas. (c) Sunset The requirement of subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 1547. Establishment of pilot program for access to shared classified commercial infrastructure (a) Pilot program required Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program on streamlining access for small business concerns, nontraditional defense contractors, and institutions of higher learning to shared classified commercial infrastructure— (1) to expand access to secret or collateral accredited facilities and sensitive compartmented information facilities and special access program facilities to securely perform work under existing classified contracts; (2) to reduce the cost and administrative requirements; (3) to increase opportunities; and (4) to identify policy barriers that prevent broader use of shared classified commercial infrastructure and prototype proposed solutions. (b) Designation of principal civilian official (1) In general The Secretary shall designate an existing civilian official to be responsible for administration of the pilot program required by subsection (a). (2) Responsibilities The responsibilities of the civilian official designated pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be as follows: (A) To seek to enter into a contact or other agreement with one or more private-sector entities— (i) for access to shared classified commercial infrastructure; and (ii) to facilitate utilization of such infrastructure by covered small business concerns, nontraditional defense contractors, and institutions of higher learning. (B) To coordinate with the Director of the Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, and the Director of the Defense Information Systems Agency to update or prescribe policies and regulations governing the process and timelines pertaining to how shared commercial classified infrastructure may obtain relevant facility authorizations and access to secure information technology networks from the Department. (C) To make recommendations to the Secretary in order to modernize, streamline, and accelerate the approval process of the Department for contacts, subcontracts, and co-use or joint use agreements for shared classified commercial infrastructure. (D) To develop and maintain metrics tracking the outcomes of active and open facility accreditation requests from shared commercial classified infrastructure under the pilot program. (c) Requirements (1) Policies and regulations As part of the pilot program required by subsection (a), the Director of the Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, and the Director of the Defense Information Systems Agency shall each update or prescribe policies and regulations governing the processes and timelines pertaining to how shared commercial classified infrastructure and facilities may obtain relevant facility sponsorship, associated authorizations and accreditation, and access to relevant secure information technology network from the Department. (2) Modernization, streamlining, and acceleration The Secretary shall ensure that the pilot program required by subsection (a) includes efforts to modernize, streamline, and accelerate the approval process of the Department for shared, co-use, and joint use agreements to facilitate the Department’s access for small business concerns, nontraditional, defense contractors, and institutions of higher learning in classified environments. (d) Final report (1) In general Not later than 120 days after the termination of the pilot program pursuant to subsection (e), the Secretary shall submit to congressional defense committees a final report of the pilot program required by subsection (a). (2) Contents The report submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A list of all active and open facility accreditation requests from entities covered in subsection (a)(1), including the date the request was made to the Department and to the relevant facility accreditation agency. (B) A list of the total number of personnel authorized to conduct facility certification inspections under the pilot program. (C) Actions taken to streamline the process of the Department for approval of co-use and joint use agreements to facilitate the Department’s access for small business concerns, nontraditional, defense contractors and institution of higher learning in classified environments, including an updated or new policies or guidance issued as a result of the pilot program. (e) Termination The authority to carry out the pilot program required by subsection (a) and the requirements of this section shall terminate on September 30, 2030. (f) Definitions In this section: (1) The term institution of higher learning has the meaning given such term in section 3452(f) of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term nontraditional defense contractor has the meaning give such term in section 3014 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The term shared commercial classified infrastructure means fully managed, shared, classified infrastructure (including physical facilities and networks), and associated services that are operated by an independent third-party, for the benefit of appropriately cleared government and commercial personnel that have limited or constrained access to secret collateral and sensitive compartmented information facilities. (4) The term small business concern has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 632 ). 1548. Technical correction Chapter 25 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by redesignating sections 501 through 506 of such chapter as sections 500a through 500f, respectively. XVI Cyberspace-related matters A Matters relating to cyber operations and cyber forces 1601. Assessment of feasibility of engaging in cooperative activities with allies to mitigate cyber threats to certain undersea cables (a) Assessment Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct an assessment to determine the feasibility of engaging in cybersecurity cooperation activities with international partners and allies of the United States to mitigate cyber threats to undersea cables that originate and terminate outside of the United States. (b) Cybersecurity cooperation activities The cybersecurity cooperation activities to be considered under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Information sharing about cybersecurity threats to and vulnerabilities in undersea cables. (2) Conducting cybersecurity risk assessments, or sharing the results of current risks assessments, for undersea cable projects. (3) The promotion of cybersecurity best practices for undersea cable manufacturers and operators. (4) Research, development, and evaluation of undersea cable monitoring and repair capabilities. (5) Development of contingency planning and joint response with respect to compromised undersea cables. (c) Report Not later than 60 days after the completion of the assessment required by subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the findings of the Secretary with respect to the assessment. 1602. Elevation of Joint Force Headquarters–Department of Defense Information Network as subordinate unified command of United States Cyber Command Section 167b of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (f) Joint Force Headquarters–Department of Defense Information Network The Joint Force Headquarters–Department of Defense Information Network shall be a subordinate unified command of the cyber command and the Commander of Joint Force Headquarters–Department of Defense Information Network shall report directly to the commander of the cyber command. . 1603. Cyber intelligence center (a) Establishment of capability required The Secretary of Defense shall establish a dedicated cyber intelligence capability to support the requirements of United States Cyber Command, the other combatant commands, the military departments, defense agencies, the Joint Staff, and the Office of the Secretary of Defense for foundational, scientific and technical, and all-source intelligence on cyber technology development, capabilities, concepts of operation, operations, and plans and intentions of cyber threat actors. (b) Establishment of center authorized (1) Authorization Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary may establish an all-source analysis center under the administration of the Defense Intelligence Agency to provide foundational intelligence for the capability established under subsection (a). (2) Limitation Information technology services for a center established under paragraph (1) may not be provided by the National Security Agency. (c) Resources (1) In general The Secretary shall direct and provide resources to the Commander of United States Cyber Command within the Military Intelligence Program to fund collection and analysis by the National Security Agency to meet the specific requirements established by the Commander for signals intelligence support. (2) Transfer of activities The Secretary may transfer the activities required under paragraph (1) to the National Intelligence Program if the Director of National Intelligence concurs and the transfer is specifically authorized in an intelligence authorization Act. (d) Briefing Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander shall— (1) develop an estimate of the signals intelligence collection and analysis required of the National Security Agency and the cost of such collection and analysis; and (2) provide the congressional defense committees, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a briefing on the estimate developed under paragraph (1). 1604. Support for cyber threat tabletop exercises (a) Development of cyber threat tabletop exercise packages (1) In general The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Cyber Policy shall, in consultation and coordination with the Commander of United States Cyber Command, the Commander of United States Northern Command, the Commander of the Army Interagency Training and Education Center, and such other individuals as the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate, develop tabletop exercise packages described in paragraph (2) oriented towards training stakeholders to prepare the homeland for adversary cyber-attacks precipitating or during a time of conflict or war. (2) Tabletop exercises described A tabletop exercise described in this paragraph is a planned tabletop exercise designed to address a wide-range of threat-relevant cyber-attack scenarios that may affect defense critical infrastructure for the purposes of homeland defense and mission assurance. (3) Venues Tabletop exercise packages developed under paragraph (1) shall include both classified and unclassified modules for participating individuals and entities to address the full scope of cyber attack scenarios. (b) Recommendations for participation The Assistant Secretary shall, in consultation with the Commander of United States Cyber Command, the Commander of United States Northern Command, and the Commander of the Army Interagency Training and Education Center, create recommendations for participation in the tabletop exercises using tabletop exercise packages developed under subsection (a). (c) Solicitation of participation The Assistant Secretary may contact individuals and entities under subsection (b) and solicit their voluntary participation in tabletop exercises using the tabletop exercise packages developed under subsection (a). (d) Procedures for identification of gaps, seams, and vulnerabilities in homeland cyber defenses and lessons learned The Assistant Secretary shall establish procedures to identify gaps, seams, and vulnerabilities in homeland cyber defenses and identify other lessons learned from tabletop exercises carried out using the tabletop exercise packages developed under subsection (a) that can improve both national security and the quality of the tabletop exercises. (e) Briefing Not later than 30 days after the date of the conclusion of the first tabletop exercise carried out using a tabletop exercise package developed under subsection (a), the Assistant Secretary shall provide the congressional defense committees a briefing on the lessons learned with respect to the exercise. 1605. Comptroller General of the United States assessment of cyber command protection of privacy and civil liberties procedures and training requirements for cyber operators (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) conduct an assessment of the training and certification processes and planning procedures available for Cyber Operations Forces to ensure protection of privacy of civil liberties of United States persons in the conduct of military cyber operations; and (2) submit to Congress the findings of the Comptroller General with respect to the assessment conducted pursuant to paragraph (1). (b) Elements The assessment conducted pursuant to subsection (a)(1) shall cover the following: (1) What guidance, instructions and training are available for United States Cyber Command Cyber Operations Forces for protecting privacy and civil liberties of United States persons in the conduct of lawful, authorized cyber military operations. (2) How such members are trained to protect such rights. (3) The process for integrating protection of such rights in the planning and conduct of military cyber operations to minimize or mitigate interference with such rights. (4) The role of the external oversight, such as the Office of the Inspector General, in monitoring such training and certification requirements. (5) How such instructions and trainings identified under paragraph (1) address the execution of military cyber operations related to Defense Support of Civil Authorities tasks, including the cyber defense of domestic critical infrastructure. 1606. Independent evaluation regarding potential establishment of United States Cyber Force (a) Agreement (1) In general The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine (in this section referred to as the National Academies ) for the National Academies to conduct the evaluation under subsection (b) and submit the report under subsection (e). (2) Timing The Secretary shall seek to enter into the agreement described in paragraph (1) by not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) Evaluation (1) In general Under an agreement between the Secretary and the National Academies entered into pursuant to subsection (a), the National Academies shall conduct an evaluation regarding the advisability of— (A) establishing a separate Armed Force in the Department of Defense dedicated to operations in the cyber domain (in this section referred to as the United States Cyber Force ); or (B) refining and further evolving the current organizational approach for United States Cyber Command, which is based on the United States Special Operations Command model. (2) Scope The evaluation conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include consideration of— (A) the potential establishment of a United States Cyber Force as a separate Armed Force in the Department of Defense commensurate with the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, and Space Force, for the purpose of organizing, training, and equipping the personnel required to enable and conduct operations in the cyber domain through positions aligned to the United States Cyber Command and other unified combatant commands; (B) a United States Cyber Force able to devise and implement recruiting and retention policies specific to the range of skills and career fields required to enable and conduct cyberspace operations, as determined by the United States Cyber Command and other unified combatant commands; (C) the performance and efficacy of the Armed Forces in the Department of Defense in satisfying the requirements of the current Force Generation Model to enable and conduct operations in the cyber domain through positions aligned to the United States Cyber Command and other unified combatant commands; (D) the historical performance and efficacy of the Armed Forces in the Department of Defense in devising and implementing recruitment and retention policies specific to the range of skills and career fields required to enable and conduct cyberspace operations, as determined by the United States Cyber Command and other unified combatant commands; (E) potential and recommended delineations of responsibility between the other Armed Forces in the Department of Defense and a United States Cyber Force with respect to network management, resourcing, and operations; (F) potential and recommended delineations of responsibility with respect to organizing, training, and equipping members of the Cyberspace Operations Forces, not serving in positions aligned under the Cyber Mission Force, to the extent necessary to support network management and operations; (G) views and perspectives of members of the Armed Forces in the Department of Defense, in each grade, serving in the Cyber Mission Force with experience in operational work roles (as defined by the Commander of the United States Cyber Command), and military and civilian leaders across the Department regarding the establishment of a Cyber Force; (H) the extent to which each of the other Armed Forces in the Department of Defense is formed towards, and organized around, operations within a given warfighting domain, and the potential applicability of such formation and organizing constructs to a United States Cyber Force with respect to the cyber domain; (I) findings from previous relevant assessments, analyses, and studies conducted by the Secretary, the Comptroller General of the United States, or other entities determined relevant by the National Academies on the establishment of a United States Cyber Force; (J) the organizing constructs for effective and operationally mature cyber forces of foreign countries, and the relevance of such constructs to the potential creation of a United States Cyber Force; (K) lessons learned from the creation of the United States Space Force that should be applied to the creation of a United States Cyber Force; (L) recommendations for approaches to the creation of a United States Cyber Force that would minimize disruptions to Department of Defense cyber operations; (M) the histories of the Armed Forces in the Department of Defense, including an analysis of the conditions that preceded the establishment of each new Armed Force in the Department of Defense established since 1900; (N) a comparison between the potential service secretariat leadership structures for a United States Cyber Force, including establishing the United States Cyber Force within an existing military department; and (O) the cumulative potential costs and effects associated with the establishment for a United States Cyber Force (3) Considerations The evaluation conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include an evaluation of how a potential United States Cyber Force dedicated to the cyber domain would compare in performance and efficacy to the current model with respect to the following functions: (A) Organizing, training, and equipping the size of a force necessary to satisfy existing and projected requirements of the Department of Defense. (B) Harmonizing training requirements and programs in support of cyberspace operations. (C) Recruiting and retaining qualified officers and enlisted members of the Armed Forces in the Department of Defense at the levels necessary to execute cyberspace operations. (D) Using reserve component forces in support of cyberspace operations. (E) Sustaining persistent force readiness. (F) Acquiring and providing cyber capabilities in support of cyberspace operations. (G) Establishing pay parity among members of the Armed Forces in the Department of Defense serving in and qualified for work roles in support of cyberspace operations. (H) Establishing pay parity among civilians serving in and qualified for work roles in support of cyberspace operations. (I) Establishing advancement parity for members of the Armed Forces in the Department of Defense serving in and qualified for work roles in support of cyberspace operations. (J) Establishing advancement parity for civilians serving in and qualified for work roles in support of cyberspace operations. (K) Developing professional military education content and curricula focused on the cyber domain. (L) Providing robust and unique legal support to current and future operations in the cyber domain. (M) Offering medical support to address unique psychological strains as a result of high operational tempo for cyberspace operations. (4) Comparison to present model The evaluation required under subsection (b) shall include an analysis and consideration of how refining and further evolving the current organizational approach for United States Cyber Command, as presently modeled on United States Special Operations Command, may serve more optimally than a United States Cyber Force relative to each of the elements identified in paragraphs (2) and (3). (5) Unified combatant command defined In this subsection, the term unified combatant command has the meaning given such term in section 161(c) of title 10, United States Code. (c) Support from federally funded research and development center (1) In general Upon a request from the National Academies, the Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center described in paragraph (2) under which such federally funded research and development center shall support the National Academies in conducting the evaluation under subsection (b). (2) Federally funded research and development center described A federally funded research and development center described in this paragraph is a federally funded research and development center the staff of which includes subject matter experts with appropriate security clearances and expertise in— (A) cyber warfare; (B) personnel management; (C) military training processes; and (D) acquisition management. (d) Access to Department of Defense personnel, information, and resources Under an agreement entered into between the Secretary and the National Academies under subsection (a)— (1) the Secretary shall agree to provide to the National Academies access to such personnel, information, and resources of the Department of Defense as may determined necessary by the National Academies in furtherance of the conduct of the evaluation under subsection (b); and (2) if the Secretary refuses to provide such access, or any other major obstacle to such access occurs, the National Academies shall agree to notify, not later seven days after the date of such refusal or other occurrence, the congressional defense committees. (e) Report (1) Submission to Congress Under an agreement entered into between the Secretary and the National Academies under subsection (a), the National Academies, not later than 270 days after the date of the execution of the agreement, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the findings of the National Academies with respect to the evaluation under subsection (b). (2) Prohibition against interference No personnel of the Department of Defense, nor any other officer or employee of the United States Government (including the executive branch of the United States Government) may interfere, exert undue influence, or in any way seek to alter the findings of the National Academies specified in paragraph (1) prior to the submission thereof under such paragraph. (3) Form The report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. B Matters relating to Department of Defense cybersecurity and information technology 1611. Cyber table top exercises with organizations in defense industrial base (a) Cyber table top exercises Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Executive Director of the Department of Defense Cyber Crime Center shall develop and carry out a plan to conduct cyber table top exercises with organizations in the defense industrial base not less frequently than twice each year until December 31, 2030. (b) Plan The plan required under subsection (a) shall be— (1) consistent with Department of Defense guidance on cyber table top exercises; and (2) used to test out policies, processes, technologies, or other aspects deemed appropriate by the Executive Director. (c) Assessment (1) Requirement At the completion of a cyber table top exercise carried out under subsection (a), the Executive Director shall conduct an assessment of any gaps in procedures, capabilities, authorities, policies, and resources. (2) Reports (A) In general Not later than 180 days after completing an assessment conducted pursuant to paragraph (1), the Executive Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the assessment. (B) Unclassified summaries Each report submitted pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall include an unclassified summary to allow for maximum distribution of results. 1612. Management and cybersecurity of the joint warfighting cloud capability and other multi-cloud environments (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, develop a strategy for the management and cybersecurity of the Joint Warfighting Cloud Capability and other multi-cloud environments. (b) Strategy The strategy required under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum— (1) align with the Department of Defense zero trust strategy; (2) provide the Department with network visibility and interoperability across the entirety of the multi-cloud environment; (3) standardize or rationalize user identities across the multi-cloud environment, including through the implementation of identity, credential, and access management (ICAM) technologies; (4) maintain a common means to secure endpoints; (5) incorporate means for increasing cloud native application protection; (6) increase incorporation of artificial intelligence applications into Joint Warfighting Cloud Capability and other multi-cloud environments; (7) increase transparency of reporting on usage of Joint Warfighting Cloud Capability and other multi-cloud environments to improve planning for capacity demand, budgeting, and predictability for users and industry providers; (8) identify opportunities to improve internal planning for data use and storage, as well as to streamline certification processes for cloud service providers; and (9) include a plan for training the necessary personnel of the Department on how to operationalize Joint Warfighting Cloud Capability for functional use cases (such as finance, human resources, or other business and management applications), as well as more effectively leverage cybersecurity capabilities inherent in or incorporated into such multi-cloud environments. (c) Briefing Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing about the contents of the strategy developed pursuant to subsection (a). 1613. Update of biometric policy of Department of Defense (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security shall update the biometric policy of the Department of Defense. (b) Elements The policy updates required in subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Standards for encrypting and protecting data on biometric collection devices. (2) A requirement to sanitize biometric data from collection devices and hard drives prior to disposal of the devices and hard drives. (3) A requirement that components of the Department maintain records that they have sanitized all data from biometric collection devices when the devices are turned in for disposal. 1614. Guidance for application of zero trust strategy to Internet of Military Things hardware Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall develop guidance for how— (1) the Department of Defense zero trust strategy applies to Internet of Military Things hardware, including human-wearable devices, sensors, and other smart technology; and (2) the role identity, credential, and access management technologies serve in enforcing such a zero trust strategy. 1615. Joint partner-sharing network capabilities for Middle East defense integration (a) Strategy (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a strategy to improve cooperation between the Department of Defense and allies and partners of the United States located in the Middle East so as to improve use of partner-sharing network capabilities to facilitate joint defense efforts among the United States and such allies and partners to protect the people, infrastructure, and territory of the United States and such allies and partners from state and non-state actors determined by the Secretary to undermine the national security interests of the United States. (2) Contents The strategy submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A summary of ongoing efforts by United States Central Command (CENTCOM), or in which United States Central Command is participating, to implement a joint partner-sharing network capability integrated with the assets of allies and partners of the United States who are located in the Middle East. (B) A summary of challenges to further facilitate the implementation of a joint partner-sharing network capability integrated with the assets of Middle Eastern allies and partners, including actions or decisions that need to be taken by other organizations. (C) A recommendation of actions that can be taken to address the challenges summarized pursuant to subparagraph (B). (D) An assessment of how the implementation of a joint partner-sharing network capability that would be available to integrate with allies and partners of the United States in the Middle East that— (i) could demonstrate new tools, techniques, or methodologies for data-driven decision making; (ii) accelerate sharing of relevant data, data visualization, and data analysis implemented through cryptographic data access controls and enforcing existing data sharing restrictions across multiple security levels; and (iii) leverage current activities in multi-cloud computing environments to reduce the reliance on solely hardware-based networking solutions. (E) A recommendation of actions that can be taken to implement a joint partner-sharing network capability integrated with allies and partners of the United States in the Middle East, including identification of policy, resource, workforce, or other shortfalls. (F) Such other matters as the Secretary considers relevant. (3) Metrics The Secretary shall identify metrics to assess progress in the implementation of the strategy required by paragraph (1). (4) Form The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (5) Protection of sensitive information No activity may be carried out under this section without an approved program protection plan and overarching classification guide to enforce technology and information protection protocols that protect sensitive information and the national security interests of the United States. (b) Establishment of a combatant command warfighter forum for artificial intelligence (1) Policies and procedures required Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Data and Artificial Intelligence Officer of the Department of Defense (CDAO) shall issue policies and procedures to establish a forum for warfighters in the combatant commands on artificial intelligence to help promote coordination and interchange on issues relating to artificial intelligence tools, methodologies, training, exercises, and operational research within and among the combatant commands. (2) Purposes for consideration In developing the policies and procedures required by paragraph (1) for establishing the forum described in such paragraph, the Chief shall consider the following as primary purposes of the forum: (A) Identification of use cases for the near-term application of artificial intelligence tools, including commercially available artificial intelligence tools, data, methodologies, or techniques. (B) Categorization of risk for the use cases identified pursuant to subparagraph (A), and consideration of risk-management process or other procedural guidelines for enforcing current policy. (C) Identification and prioritization of current artificial intelligence tools or emerging technologies applicable to the use-cases identified pursuant to subparagraph (A) that also meet policy guidelines and standards set by the Department. (D) Identification of shortfalls in training or billets for artificial intelligence-related expertise or personnel within the combatant commands. (E) Coordination on training and experimentation venues, including with regional partners and allies. (F) Identification of opportunities for enhanced cooperation with regional partners and allies. (G) Identification of opportunities for the combatant commands, working with other elements of the Department of Defense, such as the Defense Innovation Unit, to better procure commercial artificial intelligence capabilities, including from partner and allied industrial bases. (3) Report (A) Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the progress made in establishing the forum described in paragraph (1). (B) The report submitted pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i) A summary of the policies and procedures issued pursuant to paragraph (1). (ii) A list of all meetings of the forum described in paragraph (1) that have occurred since the date of the enactment of this Act. (iii) An itinerary of the meetings listed pursuant to clause (ii). (iv) A summary of the efforts of the forum described in paragraph (1) to fulfill each of the purposes considered under paragraph (2). (v) Recommendations, based on findings of the forum described in paragraph (1), for legislative action to accelerate the adoption by the combatant commands of artificial intelligence capabilities. 1616. Artificial Intelligence Human Factors Integration Initiative (a) Initiative required (1) In general The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer of the Department of Defense, establish an initiative— (A) to improve the human usability of artificial intelligence systems and artificial intelligence-derived information through the application of cognitive ergonomics techniques; and (B) to ensure design tools and metrics are available for programs to ensure human factors considerations are included for artificial intelligence systems adopted by the Department of Defense. (2) Designation The initiative established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be known as the Artificial Intelligence Human Factors Integration Initiative (in this section the Initiative ). (b) Briefing Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer shall jointly brief the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on the following: (1) Existing research and development work within the Department of Defense laboratories relating to human-machine teaming, human-centered design, cognitive load, cognitive ergonomics, and similar topics that are currently being used or could be used to inform or enhance Department personnel usability of artificial intelligence systems and artificial intelligence-derived information. (2) Identification of research gaps with respect to Department personnel interaction with artificial intelligence systems in warfighting and nonwarfighting environments that may necessitate additional research within the Federal Government, industry, or academia. (3) Identification of relevant tools, methodologies, testing processes or systems, and evaluation metrics that may be of use to the Department in improving the cognitive ergonomic and human usability features of artificial intelligence systems for Department personnel. (c) Plan Not later than 90 days after the date on which the briefing required by subsection (b) is provided, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer shall jointly develop and implement a plan— (1) to work with the military departments and other Department components to ensure human factors and human systems integration elements are considered early in the development or evaluation process with respect to the procurement, adoption, or use of artificial intelligence systems or artificial intelligence-derived information; (2) to convene research meetings or other fora to coordinate cognitive ergonomics research or related challenges with a broad community of academic, commercial, and international partners; (3) to work with the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer to review commercial toolsets to assess the level of human factors integration investment of such commercial toolsets; and (4) develop guidance based on the research and development work identified pursuant to subsection (b)(1) regarding how to create a framework or taxonomy for characterizing the exercise of appropriate levels of human judgment within Department of Defense Directive 3000.09 (relating to Autonomy in Weapons Systems), or successor directive, for artificial intelligence programs in the Department. (d) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit or otherwise limit the authority of the Secretary of Defense to research, develop, improve, or procure any weapon system or other capability that is enabled, empowered, enhanced, or improved by artificial intelligence, machine learning, or a large language model. 1617. Limitation on availability of funds for Mission Partner Environment program (a) Limitation Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for the Mission Partner Environment program, not more than 90 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of Defense provides the certification required in (b). (b) Certification The Secretary of Defense shall certify to the congressional defense committees that— (1) the Secretary of the Air Force, in conjunction with the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, has developed an accelerated implementation plan that is executable for the Mission Partner Environment to meet operational requirements for command and control information sharing networks, including a modernization plan that reduces bespoke hardware solutions, sunsets legacy hardware, and fully integrates into planned components for the Combined Joint All-Domain Command and Control initiative; and (2) in coordination with each separate geographic combatant commander, the Secretary of the Air Force is implementing defined and measurable actions to meet the operational planning, implementation, and steady-state operational Mission Partner Environment requirements for global and regional processing nodes to sustain existing area of responsibility specific networks. 1618. Consolidation of briefing requirements relating to the relationship between the National Security Agency and United States Cyber Command (a) Consolidation Subsection (c) of section 1642 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ), as added by section 1636 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 133 Stat. 1748), is amended to read as follows: (c) Annual briefings (1) In general Not later than March 1, 2025, and annually thereafter until March 1, 2028, the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly provide the appropriate committees of Congress a briefing on the relationship between the National Security Agency and United States Cyber Command. (2) Elements Each briefing provided under paragraph (1) shall include an annual assessment of the following: (A) The resources, authorities, activities, missions, facilities, and personnel used to conduct the relevant missions at the National Security Agency and United States Cyber Command. (B) The processes used to manage risk, balance tradeoffs, and to conduct the missions of the National Security Agency and United States Cyber Command. (C) An assessment of the operating environment and the continuous need to balance tradeoffs to meet mission necessity and effectiveness. (D) An assessment of the operational effects resulting from the relationship between the National Security Agency and United States Cyber Command, including a list of specific activities conducted over the previous year that were enabled by or benefitted from the relationship. (E) Such other topics as the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff may consider appropriate. . (b) Conforming repeal Section 1556 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2924) is repealed. 1619. Information technology programs of the National Background Investigation Service (a) Change in milestone decision authority or program management oversight (1) In general The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment may, after consulting with the Security, Suitability, and Credentialing Performance Accountability Council Principals designated pursuant to section 2.4(b) of Executive Order 13467 ( 50 U.S.C. 3161 note; relating to reforming processes related to suitability for Government employment, fitness for contractor employees, and eligibility for access to classified national security information), alter the assignment of milestone decision authority for the National Background Investigation Services or program management of such services. (2) Congressional notice required A change in assignment under paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Under Secretary submits to Congress, in writing, notice of such change that includes a description of, and justification for, the change. (b) Certification of compliance with National Institute of Standards and Technology standards for privacy and security Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall, in consultation with the Security, Suitability, and Credentialing Performance Accountability Council Principals— (1) take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that the National Background Investigation Services are in compliance with relevant standards and guidelines published in National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publication 800–53, Revision 5 (relating to security and privacy controls for information systems and organizations), or successor publication or revision; and (2) submit to Congress a notice either— (A) certifying that such services are in compliance with such standards and guidelines; or (B) explaining why the Under Secretary is unable to certify that such services are in compliance with such standards and guidelines. 1620. Cost budgeting for artificial intelligence data (a) Plan required Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Data and Artificial Intelligence Officer (CDAO) of the Department of Defense shall, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, develop a plan to ensure the budgeting process for programs containing artificial intelligence components, including support systems, models, or analysis tools as subcomponents of larger programs, includes estimates for the types of data, and estimated costs for acquisition and sustainment of such data, required to train, maintain, or improve the artificial intelligence contained within such programs. (b) Elements of plan The plan required under subsection (a) shall include each of the following: (1) An assessment of the current programs containing artificial intelligence components, including the sources and costs for associated training data. (2) An assessment of the costs associated with the data needs required to train, maintain, or improve artificial intelligence models or systems, but not otherwise currently accounted for in a program of record. (3) Mapping of the acquisition lifecycle for the programs described in paragraph (1) to align budgeting milestones or gates with critical design or decision points in Department of Defense budgeting and execution processes. (4) A framework for estimating the costs described in paragraph (2) and ensuring the costs associated with the data required to train, maintain, or improve artificial intelligence models or systems are appropriately incorporated into lifecycle sustainment estimates for future programs containing artificial intelligence components. (c) Implementation The Secretary of Defense shall begin implementation of the plan required by subsection (a) not later than 90 days after the date on which development of the plan required by subsection (a) is completed. (d) Briefings Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once annually thereafter until 2027, the Secretary shall provide the congressional defense committees a briefing on the implementation of the plan developed pursuant to subsection (a). 1621. Presumed reciprocal software accrediting policy (a) Policy required The Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, implement a policy that requires security authorizing officials to inherit or reciprocate the security analysis and artifacts, as appropriate, of a cloud-hosted platform, service, or application that has already been authorized by another authorizing official in the Department of Defense in order to more rapidly adopt and use such cloud-hosted platforms, services, and applications, at the corresponding classification level and in accordance with the existing authorization conditions, without additional authorizations or reviews. (b) Elements The Secretary shall ensure that the policy implemented pursuant to subsection (a)— (1) ensures development of standardized and transparent documentation of the security, accreditation, performance, and operational capabilities of cloud-hosted platforms, services, and applications to enable decision making by mission owners; (2) provides intuitive and digital workflow to document acknowledgments among mission owners and system owners of use of cloud-hosted capabilities; (3) directs a review of existing authorization information, at the appropriate classification level, regarding the status of cloud-hosted capabilities for review by mission owners, including through management dashboards or other management analytic capability; and (4) defines a process to allow authorizing officials that disagree with the security of a system to elevate concerns to the Chief Information Officer for adjudication. (c) Applicability The policy implemented pursuant to subsection (a) shall apply to— (1) all authorizing officials in the Department of Defense, including in every military department and in each component and agency of the Department; and (2) all cloud-hosted capabilities, whether on public cloud, as authorized through the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP) and the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA), or on Department of Defense-managed private cloud landing zones that are authorized by Department accrediting officials. (d) Report Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the status of the implementation of subsection (a). 1622. Annual evaluation of products for mobile device cybsecurity (a) Annual evaluations Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once each year thereafter until September 30, 2030, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct an evaluation of the cybersecurity products and services for mobile devices to identify products and services that may improve the cybersecurity of mobile devices used by the Department of Defense, including mitigating the risk to the Department from cyber attacks against mobile devices. (b) Cybersecurity technologies In carrying out an evaluation under subsection (a), the Secretary shall evaluate each of the following technologies: (1) Anonymizing-enabling technologies, including dynamic selector rotation, un-linkable payment structures, and anonymous onboarding. (2) Network-enabled full content inspection. (3) Mobile-device case hardware solutions. (4) On-device virtual private networks. (5) Protected domain name server infrastructure. (6) Extended coverage for mobile device endpoint detection. (7) Any other emerging or established technologies determined appropriate by the Secretary. (c) Elements In carrying out an evaluation under subsection (a), for each technology described in subsection (b), the Secretary shall— (1) assess the efficacy and value of the cybersecurity provided by the technology for mobile devices; (2) assess the feasibility of scaling the technology across the entirety or components of the Department, including the timeline for deploying the technology across the entirety or components of the Department; and (3) evaluate the ability of the Department to integrate the technology with the existing cybersecurity architecture of the Department. (d) Annual reports Each year in which the Secretary conducts an evaluation under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report of the findings of the Secretary with respect to the evaluation carried out under such subsection in that year, including a determination whether the Department or any component thereof should procure or incorporate any of the technologies evaluated pursuant to subsection (b). 1623. Limitation on availability of funds for the Joint Cyber Warfighting Architecture (a) Limitation Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for the Joint Cyber Warfighting Architecture, not more than 95 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Commander of United States Cyber Command provides the plan required in subsection (b). (b) Plan (1) In general The Commander shall provide to the congressional defense committees a plan to move to the Next Generation Joint Cyber Warfighting Architecture. (2) Contents The plan required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Details for ceasing or minimizing continued development on the current Joint Cyber Warfighting Architecture components, including timelines to stabilize the current architecture within 12 to 18 months and resources available across the future years defense plan as a result of such actions. (B) Scoping and a preliminary baseline plan for a revised Next Generation Joint Cyber Warfighting Architecture program, including timelines, coordination with the military departments, descriptions of proposed new capability sets, mapping of current Joint Cyber Warfighting Architecture capabilities to proposed new capabilities, and additional authority or resource needs beyond those available under the rephrasing of the program. 1624. Briefing on course of education and pilot program on authentication of digital content provenance for certain Department of Defense media content Section 1524 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph (3): (3) Interim briefing (A) In general Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2025 , the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs shall provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a briefing on the status of establishing the course of education under paragraph (1). (B) Elements The briefing under subparagraph (A) shall cover the following: (i) The status of the Department with regards to developing the curriculum for the course of education. (ii) Any initial resource constraints or other challenges that may be affecting the development of the course of education. (iii) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. ; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (5) as paragraph (6); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the following new paragraph (5): (5) Interim briefing (A) In general Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2025 , the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs shall provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a briefing on the status of the pilot program required by paragraph (1). (B) Elements The briefing under subparagraph (A) shall cover the following: (i) The actions taken by the Director of the Defense Media Activity to identify an industry open technical standard to pilot to verify the media content of the Department. (ii) Any resource constraints or other challenges, either budgetary, personnel, or policy, that would hamper successful implementation of the pilot program. (iii) Any business processes or strategic planning the Department has established to fulfill implementation of the pilot program. (iv) Any other matters as the Director considers appropriate. . 1625. Modification of prohibition on purchase of cyber data products or services other than through the program management office for Department of Defense-wide procurement of cyber data products and services Section 1521(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ; or and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (3) such component submits a justification to the office of the compelling need that the requirement of the product has due to its urgency, or to ensure product or service competition within the market, supersedes cost considerations . 1626. Improvements relating to cyber protection support for Department of Defense personnel in positions highly vulnerable to cyber attack Section 1645 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting and personal accounts after personal technology devices ; and (ii) by inserting and shall provide such support to any such personnel who request the support after in paragraph (2) ; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting or personal accounts after personal technology devices ; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting or personal accounts after personal technology devices ; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking and networks and inserting , personal networks, and personal accounts ; and (3) by striking subsections (d) and (e) and inserting the following new subsection (d): (d) Definitions In this section: (1) The term personal accounts means accounts for online and telecommunications services, including telephone, residential internet access, email, text and multimedia messaging, cloud computing, social media, health care, and financial services, used by Department of Defense personnel outside of the scope of their employment with the Department. (2) The term personal technology devices means technology devices used by Department of Defense personnel outside of the scope of their employment with the Department and includes networks to which such devices connect. . 1627. Comptroller General report on efforts to protect personal information of Department of Defense personnel from exploitation by foreign adversaries (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall brief the appropriate congressional committees on Department of Defense efforts to protect personal information of its personnel from exploitation by foreign adversaries. (b) Elements The briefing required under subsection (a) shall include any observations on the following elements: (1) An assessment of efforts by the Department of Defense to protect the personal information, including location data generated by smart phones, of members of the Armed Forces, civilian employees of the Department of Defense, veterans, and their families from exploitation by foreign adversaries. (2) Recommendations to improve Department of Defense policies and programs to meaningfully address this threat. (c) Report The Comptroller General shall publish on its website an unclassified report, which may contain a classified annex submitted to the congressional defense and intelligence committees, on the elements described in subsection (b) at a time mutually agreed upon. (d) Appropriate congressional committees In this section, the term appropriate congressional committees means— (1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (3) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. B Military Construction Authorizations 2001. Short title This division may be cited as the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025 . 2002. Expiration of authorizations and amounts required to be specified by law (a) Expiration of authorizations after three years Except as provided in subsection (b), all authorizations contained in titles XXI through XXVII for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program (and authorizations of appropriations therefor) shall expire on the later of— (1) October 1, 2027; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2028. (b) Exception Subsection (a) shall not apply to authorizations for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program (and authorizations of appropriations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obligated before the later of— (1) October 1, 2027; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for fiscal year 2028 for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, or contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program. 2003. Effective date Titles XXI through XXVII shall take effect on the later of— (1) October 1, 2024; or (2) the date of the enactment of this Act. XXI Army Military Construction 2101. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects (a) Inside the United States Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construction projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Army: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount Alaska Fort Wainwright $221,000,000 California Fort Irwin $44,000,000 Military Ocean Terminal Concord $68,000,000 Florida Naval Air Station Key West $90,000,000 Guam Joint Region Marianas $386,000,000 Hawaii Bradshaw Army Airfield $20,000,000 Wheeler Army Airfield $231,000,000 Kentucky Fort Campbell $11,800,000 Maryland Fort Meade $46,000,000 Michigan Detroit Arsenal $37,000,000 Missouri Fort Leonard Wood $144,000,000 New York Watervliet Arsenal $53,000,000 Pennsylvania Letterkenny Army Depot $346,000,000 Puerto Rico Fort Buchanan $20,100,000 Texas Fort Cavazos $147,000,000 Red River Army Depot $34,000,000 Virginia Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall $180,000,000 Washington Joint Base Lewis-McChord $192,000,000 (b) Prototype project aggregate transaction value The Secretary of the Army may carry out a military construction project for the installation, and in the amount, set forth in the following table as a prototype project notwithstanding section 4022(i)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code: Army Prototype Project State Installation Amount Pennsylvania Letterkenny Army Depot $284,000,000 (c) Outside the United States Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construction projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Army: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount Belgium SHAPE Headquarters $45,000,000 Germany Smith Barracks $61,000,000 Army Garrison Ansbach $191,000,000 Army Garrison Bavaria $12,856,000 Army Garrison Wiesbaden $44,000,000 2102. Family housing (a) Construction and acquisition Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or acquire family housing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installations or locations, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Army: Family Housing Country Installation or Location Amount Belgium Chièvres Air Base $100,954,000 Germany Army Garrison Rheinland-Pfalz $63,246,000 (b) Improvements to military family housing units (1) In general Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $81,114,000. (2) Clarification of authority to carry out prior year improvements to military family housing units improvements (A) Fiscal year 2019 Notwithstanding section 2102 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (division B of Public Law 115–232 ; 132 Stat. 2242), subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) of that Act and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601 of that Act, the Secretary of the Army may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $80,100,000. (B) Fiscal year 2020 Notwithstanding section 2102 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (division B of Public Law 116–92 ; 133 Stat. 1864), subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) of that Act and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601 of that Act, the Secretary of the Army may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $87,205,000. (C) Fiscal year 2023 Notwithstanding section 2102 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 (division B of Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2972), subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) of that Act and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601 of that Act, the Secretary of the Army may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $26,500,000. (c) Planning and design Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $31,333,000. 2103. Authorization of appropriations, Army (a) Authorization of appropriations Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2024, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) Limitation on total cost of construction projects Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under sections 2101 and 2102 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 2104. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2018 project at Kunsan Air Base, Korea (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91 ; 131 Stat. 1817), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101(b) of that Act (131 Stat. 1819) and extended by section 2106(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 (division B of Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2973) and section 2105 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 712), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Army: Extension of 2018 Project Authorization Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Korea Kunsan Air Base Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Hangar $53,000,000 2105. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2019 project at Mihail Kogalniceanu FOS, Romania (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (division B of Public Law 115–232 ; 132 Stat. 2240), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2901 of that Act (132 Stat. 2286) and extended by section 2106(b)(1) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 713), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Army: Extension of 2019 Project Authorization Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Romania Mihail Kogalniceanu FOS EDI: Explosives and Ammo Load/Unload Apron. $21,651,000 2106. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2020 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (division B of Public Law 116–92 ; 133 Stat. 1862), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act, shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Army: Extension of 2020 Project Authorization State/ Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Kwajalein Kwajalein Atoll Air Traffic Control Tower and Terminal $40,000,000 South Carolina Fort Jackson Reception Complex, Ph2 $88,000,000 2107. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2021 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (division B of Public Law 116–283 ; 134 Stat. 4294), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101(a) of that Act (134 Stat. 4295) and extended by section 2107(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 713), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Army: Extension of 2021 Project Authorization State Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Arizona Yuma Proving Ground Ready Building $14,000,000 Georgia Fort Gillem Forensic Laboratory $71,000,000 2108. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2022 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (division B of Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 2161), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sections 2101 and 2105 of that Act (135 Stat. 2163, 2165), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Army: Extension of 2022 Project Authorization State Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Georgia Fort Stewart Barracks $105,000,000 Germany Smith Barracks Live Fire Exercise Shoothouse $16,000,000 Indoor Small Arms Range $17,500,000 Hawaii West Loch Naval Magazine Annex Ammunition Storage $51,000,000 Wheeler Army Airfield Aviation Unit OPS Building $84,000,000 Kansas Fort Leavenworth Child Development Center $37,000,000 Kentucky Fort Knox Child Development Center $30,000,000 Louisiana Fort Johnson Joint Operations Center $116,000,000 Maryland Fort Detrick Incinerator Facility $27,000,000 New Mexico White Sands Missile Range Missile Assembly Support Building $29,000,000 Pennsylvania Letterkenny Army Depot Fire Station $25,400,000 Texas Fort Bliss Defense Access Roads $20,000,000 2109. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2025 project at McAlester Army Depot, Oklahoma (a) Project authorization The Secretary of the Army may carry out a military construction project to construct an ammunition demolition facility at McAlester Army Depot, Oklahoma, in the amount of $74,000,000. (b) Use of unobligated prior-year Army military construction funds The Secretary may use funds that are unobligated and available for Army military construction that were appropriated for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2025 for the project described in subsection (a). (c) Scope of work variations If it becomes necessary to exceed the authorized project cost under subsection (a), the Secretary shall use the authority under section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, regarding authorized cost and scope of work variations. (d) Availability of information The Secretary shall provide information in accordance with section 2851(c) of title 10, United States Code, regarding the project described in subsection (a). XXII Navy Military Construction 2201. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects (a) Inside the United States Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2203(a) and available for military construction projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Navy: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount Arizona Marine Corps Air Station Yuma $261,160,000 Florida Cape Canaveral Space Force Station $221,060,000 Georgia Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay $264,030,000 Guam Andersen Air Force Base $659,730,000 Joint Region Marianas $777,009,000 Hawaii Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam $824,000,000 Marine Corps Base Kaneohe Bay $378,870,000 Naval Ammunition Depot West Loch $104,870,000 Maryland Naval Surface Warfare Center Indian Head $50,000,000 Nevada Naval Air Station Fallon $93,300,000 North Carolina Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point $747,540,000 Virginia Naval Weapons Station Yorktown $151,850,000 Norfolk Naval Shipyard $568,200,000 Washington Naval Base Kitsap $277,820,000 Naval Magazine Indian Island $37,770,000 Puget Sound Naval Shipyard $182,200,000 (b) Prototype project aggregate transaction value The Secretary of the Navy may carry out a military construction project for the installation, and in the amount, set forth in the following table as a prototype project notwithstanding section 4022(i)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code: Navy Prototype Project State Installation Amount North Carolina Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station $420,000,000 (c) Outside the United States Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2203(a) and available for military construction projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Navy: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount Australia Royal Australian Air Force Base Darwin $179,700,000 Federated States of Micronesia Yap International Airport $1,081,700,000 Japan Marine Corps Base Camp Butler $86,180,000 Palau Koror, Port of Malakal $741,350,000 2202. Family housing (a) Construction and acquisition Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2203(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may construct or acquire family housing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installations or locations, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Navy: Family Housing Country Installation or Location Amount Guam Andersen Air Force Base $93,112,000 Joint Region Marianas $103,863,000 (b) Improvements to military family housing units Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2203(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $35,438,000. (c) Planning and design Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2203(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $13,329,000. 2203. Authorization of appropriations, Navy (a) Authorization of appropriations Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2024, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) Limitation on total cost of construction projects Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under sections 2201 and 2202 may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 2204. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (division B of Public Law 115–232 ; 132 Stat. 2240) the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201(b) and 2902 of that Act (132 Stat. 2244, 2286) and extended by section 2204 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 716), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Navy: Extension of 2019 Project Authorizations Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Bahrain SW Asia Fleet Maintenance Facility and TOC $26,340,000 Greece Naval Support Activity Souda Bay EDI: Joint Mobility Processing Center $41,650,000 2205. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2020 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (division B of Public Law 116–92 ; 133 Stat. 1862) the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201(a) of that Act (133 Stat. 1865), and the authorization for military construction projects for child development centers set forth in section 2809 of that Act (133 Stat. 1887), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Navy: Extension of 2020 Project Authorizations Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Arizona Marine Corps Air Station Yuma Bachelor Enlisted Quarters $99,600,000 2206. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2021 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (division B of Public Law 116–283 ; 134 Stat. 4294), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201 of that Act (134 Stat. 4297) and extended by section 2205 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 718), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Navy: Extension of 2021 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Guam Joint Region Marianas Joint Communication Upgrade $22,000,000 Maine NCTAMS LANT Detachment Cutler Perimeter Security $26,100,000 Nevada Fallon Range Training Complex, Phase I $29,040,000 2207. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2022 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (division B of Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 2161), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sections 2201 and 2202(a) of that Act (135 Stat. 2166, 2167), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Navy: Extension of 2022 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Arizona Marine Corps Air Station Yuma Combat Training Tank Complex $29,300,000 California Marine Corps Air Station Miramar F–35 Centralized Engine Repair Facility $31,400,000 Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton CLB MEU Complex $83,900,000 Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton Warehouse Replacement $22,200,000 Naval Base Ventura County MQ–25 Aircraft Maintenance Hangar $125,291,000 District of Columbia Marine Barracks Washington Family Housing Improvements $10,415,000 Florida Marine Corps Support Facility Blount Island Lighterage and Small Craft Facility $69,400,000 Hawaii Marine Corps Base Kaneohe Electrical Distribution Modernization $64,500,000 South Carolina Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort Aircraft Maintenance Hangar $122,600,000 Spain Naval Station Rota EDI: Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Mobile Unit Facilities $85,600,000 2208. Additional authority to carry out fiscal year 2025 project in Cooperative Security Location Comalapa, El Salvador (a) Project authorization The Secretary of the Navy may carry out a military construction project to construct a hangar and ramp expansion for Cooperative Security Location Comalapa, El Salvador, in the amount of $28,000,000. (b) Use of unobligated prior-year Navy military construction funds The Secretary may use funds that are unobligated and available for Navy military construction funds that were appropriated for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2025 for the project described in subsection (a). (c) Scope of work variations If it becomes necessary to exceed the authorized project cost under subsection (a), the Secretary shall use the authority under section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, regarding authorized cost and scope of work variations. (d) Availability of information The Secretary shall provide information in accordance with section 2851(c) of title 10, United States Code, regarding the project described in subsection (a). XXIII Air Force Military Construction 2301. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects (a) Inside the United States Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2303(a) and available for military construction projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Air Force: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount Alaska Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson $250,000,000 Arkansas Ebbing Air National Guard Base $74,000,000 California Beale Air Force Base $148,000,000 Vandenberg Space Force Base $277,000,000 Colorado Buckley Space Force Base $60,000,000 District of Columbia Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling $50,000,000 Florida Eglin Air Force Base $23,900,000 Tyndall Air Force Base $48,000,000 Idaho Mountain Home Air Force Base $40,000,000 Louisiana Barksdale Air Force Base $22,000,000 Massachusetts Hanscom Air Force Base $315,000,000 Mississippi Keesler Air Force Base $25,000,000 Montana Malmstrom Air Force Base $20,000,000 North Carolina Seymour Johnson Air Force Base $41,000,000 Oregon Mountain Home Air Force Base $1,093,000,000 South Dakota Ellsworth Air Force Base $177,000,000 Texas Dyess Air Force Base $31,300,000 Joint Base San Antonio $469,000,000 Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland $215,000,000 Laughlin Air Force Base $56,000,000 Utah Hill Air Force Base $258,000,000 Virginia Joint Base Langley-Eustis $81,000,000 Wyoming F.E. Warren Air Force Base $1,581,000,000 (b) Prototype project aggregate transaction value The Secretary of the Air Force may carry out a military construction project for the installation, and in the amount, set forth in the following table as a prototype project notwithstanding section 4022(i)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code: Air Force Prototype Project State Installation Amount Texas Joint Base San Antonio $469,000,000 (c) Outside the United States Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2303(a) and available for military construction projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Air Force: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount Denmark Royal Danish Air Force Base Karup $110,000,000 Federated States of Micronesia Yap International Airport $674,314,000 Germany Ramstein Air Base $22,000,000 Spain Naval Station Rota $15,200,000 United Kingdom Royal Air Force Lakenheath $185,000,000 Royal Air Force Mildenhall $51,000,000 2302. Family housing (a) Construction and acquisition Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2303(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct or acquire family housing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installation, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: Air Force: Family Housing Country Installation Amount Germany Ramstein Air Base $5,750,000 (b) Improvements to military family housing units Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2303(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $209,242,000. (c) Planning and design Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2303(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $6,557,000. 2303. Authorization of appropriations, Air Force (a) Authorization of appropriations Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2024, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) Limitation on total cost of construction projects Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under sections 2301 and 2302 may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 2304. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2017 project at Spangdahlem Air Base, Germany (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328 ; 130 Stat. 2688), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2902 of that Act (130 Stat. 2743) and extended by section 2304 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (division B of Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 2169) and section 2304(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 721), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Air Force: Extension of 2017 Project Authorizations Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Germany Spangdahlem Air Base ERI: F/A–22 Low Observable/Composite Repair Facility $12,000,000 2305. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91 ; 131 Stat. 1817), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2903 of that Act (131 Stat. 1876) and extended by section 2304(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 (division B of Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2980) and section 2305(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 722), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Air Force: Extension of 2018 Project Authorizations Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Hungary Kecskemét Air Base ERI: Airfield Upgrades $12,900,000 Kecskemét Air Base ERI: Construct Parallel Taxiway $30,000,000 Kecskemét Air Base ERI: Increase POL Storage Capacity $12,500,000 Slovakia Malacky ERI: Increase POL Storage Capacity $20,000,000 2306. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (division B of Public Law 115–232 ; 132 Stat. 2240), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2903 of that Act (132 Stat. 2287) and extended by section 2306(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 724), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Air Force: Extension of 2019 Project Authorizations Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount United Kingdom RAF Fairford EDI: Construct DABS–FEV Storage $87,000,000 RAF Fairford EDI: Munitions Holding Area $19,000,000 2307. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2020 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (division B of Public Law 116–92 ; 133 Stat. 1862), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sections 2301(a) and 2912(a) of that Act (133 Stat. 1867, 1913), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Air Force: Extension of 2020 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Florida Tyndall Air Force Base Deployment Center/Flight Line Dining/AAFES $43,000,000 New Mexico Kirtland Air Force Base Combat Rescue Helicopter Simulator (CRH) ADAL $15,500,000 Texas Joint Base San Antonio BMT Recruit Dormitory 8 $110,000,000 Washington Fairchild-White Bluff Consolidated TFI Base Operations $31,000,000 2308. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2021 project at Joint Base Langley-Eustis, Virginia (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (division B of Public Law 116–283 ; 134 Stat. 4294), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2301(a) of that Act (134 Stat. 4299) and extended by section 2307(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 725), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Air Force: Extension of 2021 Project Authorization State Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Virginia Joint Base Langley–Eustis Access Control Point Main Gate with Land Acq. $19,500,000 2309. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2022 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (division B of Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 2161), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2301 of that Act (135 Stat. 2168), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Air Force: Extension of 2022 Project Authorizations Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Australia Royal Australian Air Force Base Darwin Squadron Operations Facility $7,400,000 Royal Australian Air Force Base Tindal Aircraft Maintenance Support Facility $6,200,000 Royal Australian Air Force Base Tindal Squadron Operations Facility $8,200,000 Massachusetts Hanscom Air Force Base NC3 Acquisitions Management Facility $66,000,000 United Kingdom Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Child Development Center $24,000,000 Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Munition Inspection Facility $31,000,000 Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Weapons Load Training Facility $49,000,000 XXIV Defense Agencies Military Construction 2401. Authorized Defense Agencies construction and land acquisition projects (a) Inside the United States Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Defense Agency: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount Alaska Eielson Air Force Base $14,000,000 Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson $55,000,000 Arizona Marine Corps Air Station Yuma $62,000,000 California Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton $96,410,000 Marine Corps Mountain Warfare Training Center $19,300,000 Colorado Fort Carson $41,000,000 Florida Hurlburt Field $14,000,000 Georgia Hunter Army Airfield $63,800,000 Guam Joint Region Marianas $929,224,000 Missouri Whiteman Air Force Base $19,500,000 North Carolina Fort Liberty $41,800,000 Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune $82,400,000 South Carolina Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort $31,500,000 Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island $72,050,000 Texas Naval Air Station Corpus Christi $79,300,000 National Security Agency Texas $347,000,000 Virginia Fort Belvoir $225,000,000 Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story $32,000,000 Pentagon $36,800,000 Washington Naval Air Station Whidbey Island $54,000,000 (b) Outside the United States Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Defense Agency: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount Japan Marine Corps Base Camp Smedley D. Butler $160,000,000 Korea Kunsan Air Base $64,942,000 United Kingdom Royal Air Force Lakenheath $153,000,000 2402. Authorized Energy Resilience and Conservation Investment Program projects (a) Inside the United States Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: ERCIP Projects: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount Alabama Anniston Army Depot $56,450,000 Delaware Major Joseph R. Beau Biden III National Guard/Reserve Center $22,050,000 Hawaii Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam $12,813,000 Illinois Rock Island Arsenal $70,480,000 Indiana Camp Atterbury-Muscatatuck $39,180,000 Maine Naval Shipyard Portsmouth $28,700,000 Maryland Aberdeen Proving Ground $30,730,000 Joint Base Andrews $17,920,000 New Jersey Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst $17,730,000 Ohio Wright-Patterson Air Force Base $53,000,000 Washington Joint Base Lewis-McChord - Gray Army Airfield $40,000,000 Naval Magazine Indian Island $39,490,000 (b) Outside the United States Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: ERCIP Projects: Outside the United States State Installation or Location Amount Bahrain Naval Support Bahrain $15,330,000 Greece Naval Support Activity Souda Bay $42,500,000 Italy Naval Air Station Sigonella $13,470,000 Japan Camp Fuji $45,870,000 Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni $89,400,000 Marine Corps Base Camp Butler $57,570,000 (c) Improvement of conveyed utility systems In the case of a utility system that is conveyed under section 2688 of title 10, United States Code, and that only provides utility services to a military installation, notwithstanding subchapters I and III of chapter 169 and chapters 221 and 223 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of a military department may authorize a contract with the conveyee of the utility system to carry out the military construction projects set forth in the following table: Improvement of Conveyed Utility Systems Country Installation or Location Project Maryland Aberdeen Proving Ground (Edgewood) Power Generation and Microgrid Washington Joint Base Lewis-McChord - Gray Army Airfield Power Generation and Microgrid 2403. Authorization of appropriations, Defense Agencies (a) Authorization of appropriations Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2024, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) Limitation on total cost of construction projects Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under sections 2401 and 2402 may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 2404. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2018 project in Iwakuni, Japan (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91 ; 131 Stat. 1817), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401(b) of that Act (131 Stat. 1829) and extended by section 2404 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 (division B of Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2984) and by section 2404 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 728), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Defense Agencies: Extension of 2018 Project Authorizations Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Japan Iwakuni PDI: Construct Bulk Storage Tanks PH 1 $30,800,000 2405. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2019 project in Iwakuni, Japan (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (division B of Public Law 115–232 ; 132 Stat. 2240), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401(b) of that Act (132 Stat. 2249) and extended by section 2405(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 729), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Defense Agencies: Extension of 2019 Project Authorizations Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Japan Iwakuni Fuel Pier $33,200,000 2406. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2020 project in Fort Indiantown Gap, Pennsylvania (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (division B of Public Law 116–92 ; 133 Stat. 1862), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as authorized pursuant to section 2402 of such Act (133 Stat. 1872), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: ERCIP Project: Extension of 2020 Project Authorization Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Pennsylvania Fort Indiantown Gap Install Geothermal and 413 kW Solar Photovoltaic (PV) Array $3,950,000 2407. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2021 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (division B of Public Law 116–283 ; 134 Stat. 4294), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sections 2401(b) and 2402 of that Act (134 Stat. 4305, 4306) and extended by sections 2406 and 2407 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 730), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Defense Agencies and ERCIP Projects: Extension of 2021 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Arkansas Ebbing Air National Guard Base PV Arrays and Battery Storage $2,600,000 California Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms Install 10 MW Battery Energy Storage for Various Buildings $11,646,000 Naval Support Activity Monterey Cogeneration Plant at B236 $10,540,000 Italy Naval Support Activity Naples Smart Grid $3,490,000 Japan Def Fuel Support Point Tsurumi Fuel Wharf $49,500,000 2408. Modification of authority to carry out fiscal year 2022 project at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling, District of Columbia In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2402(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (division B of Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 2174) for Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling, District of Columbia, for construction of PV carports, the Secretary of Defense may install a 1.0 megawatt battery energy storage system for a total project amount of $40,650,000. 2409. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2022 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (division B of Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 2161), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sections 2401(b) and 2402 of that Act (135 Stat. 2173, 2174), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Defense Agencies and ERCIP Projects: Extension of 2022 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Alabama Fort Novosel 10 MW RICE Generator Plant and Microgrid Controls $24,000,000 California Marine Corps Air Station Miramar Additional LFG Power Meter Station $4,054,000 Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake-Ridgecrest Solar Energy Storage System $9,120,000 Georgia Fort Moore 4.8 MW Generation and Microgrid $17,593,000 Fort Stewart 10 MW Generation Plant, with Microgrid Control $22,000,000 Guam Polaris Point Submarine Base Inner Apra Harbor Resiliency Upgrades Ph 1 $38,300,000 Michigan Camp Grayling 650 KW Gas-Fired Micro-Turbine Generation System $5,700,000 Mississippi Camp Shelby 10 MW Generation Plant and Feeder level Microgrid System. $34,500,000 Camp Shelby Electrical Distribution Infrastructure Undergrounding Hardening Project $11,155,000 New York Fort Drum Wellfield Field Expansion Project $27,000,000 North Carolina Fort Liberty 10 MW Microgrid Utilizing Existing and New Generators $19,464,000 Fort Liberty Emergency Water System $7,705,000 Ohio Springfield-Beckley Municipal Airport Base-Wide Microgrid With Natural Gas Generator, Photovoltaic and Battery Storage $4,700,000 Puerto Rico Aguadilla Microgrid Control System, 460 KW PV, 275 KW Generator, 660 Kwh Bess $10,120,000 Fort Allen Microgrid Control System, 690 KW PV, 275 KW Gen, 570 Kwh Bess $12,190,000 Tennessee Memphis International Airport PV Arrays and Battery Storage $4,780,000 United Kingdom Royal Air Force Lakenheath Hospital Replacement-Temporary Facilities $19,283,000 Virginia National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency Campus East Electrical System Redundancy $5,299,000 XXV International Programs A North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program 2501. Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects The Secretary of Defense may make contributions for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount authorized to be appropriated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a result of construction previously financed by the United States. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, NATO Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2024, for contributions by the Secretary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, for the share of the United States of the cost of projects for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Location Installation or Location Amount Worldwide Unspecified NATO Security Investment Program $463,864,000 2503. Extension of use of authorized amounts for North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Section 2806(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking Funds and inserting (1) Funds ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) If any funds authorized for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment program for a fiscal year are available to be obligated or expended at the end of that fiscal year and no funds have been authorized for the following fiscal year, not more than 25 percent of the amount authorized for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment program for that fiscal year shall be deemed to be authorized by law for purposes of paragraph (1) for the following fiscal year. . 2504. Modification of contributions for projects executed by the United States under the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Section 2350q of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: (3) If contributions are made under paragraph (1) as reimbursement for a project or portion of a project previously completed by the Department of Defense, such contributions shall be credited to appropriations for the Program and shall merge with and remain available for the same purposes and duration as such appropriations. ; and (2) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); (B) by striking (1) In the event and inserting In the event ; and (C) by striking using any unobligated funds and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting “using— (1) any unobligated funds appropriated to the Secretary for military construction; and (2) unobligated funds available for operation and maintenance if the aggregate amount of insufficient contributions for the project does not exceed the amount specified in section 2805(c) of this title. . 2505. Contributions for projects executed by host nations other than the United States under the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Section 2350q of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection (f): (f) Conjunctive contributions if the United States is not designated as the Host Nation for a project (1) If the United States is not designated as the Host Nation for purposes of executing a project under the Program and such project meets the minimum military requirements of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization but does not fully meet the requirements of the Department of Defense, the Secretary of Defense, upon determination that completion of the project is in the national interest of the United States, may provide conjunctive contributions to the designated Host Nation using— (A) any unobligated funds appropriated to the Secretary for military construction; and (B) unobligated funds available for operation and maintenance if the aggregate amount of conjunctive contributions for the project does not exceed the amount specified in section 2805(c) of this title. (2) (A) A project may be carried out with conjunctive contributions provided under paragraph (1) only after the end of the 14-day period beginning on the date on which a report described in subparagraph (B) with respect to the project is received by the congressional defense committees in an electronic medium. (B) A report described in this subparagraph with respect to a project shall contain— (i) a notification of the decision of the Secretary to provide conjunctive contributions under paragraph (1) with respect to the project; (ii) a description of the justification for the project; (iii) an identification of the source of funds to be used for the project; and (iv) an assessment of the estimated cost of the project. . B Host Country In-kind Contributions 2511. Republic of Korea funded construction projects Pursuant to agreement with the Republic of Korea for required in-kind contributions, the Secretary of Defense may accept military construction projects for the installations or locations in the Republic of Korea, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Republic of Korea Funded Construction Projects Component Installation or Location Project Amount Army Camp Carroll MSC-K Paint Removal Booth $9,400,000 Army Camp Carroll Tactical Equipment Maintenance Facility (TEMF) $72,000,000 Army Camp Walker Elementary School $46,000,000 Army USAG Humphreys Embedded Behavioral Health Clinic $10,000,000 Army USAG Humphreys General Support Aviation Battalion Hangar $180,000,000 Navy Chinhae Upgrade Main Access Control Point $9,200,000 Air Force Daegu AB Upgrade Water Distribution System $9,600,000 Air Force Kunsan AB Combat Small Arms Range $31,000,000 Air Force Kunsan AB Fighter Squadron and Fighter Generation Squadron Operations Facility $46,000,000 Air Force Osan AB Distributed Mission Operations (DMO) Flight Simulator $15,000,000 2512. Republic of Poland funded construction projects Pursuant to agreement with the Republic of Poland for required in-kind contributions, the Secretary of Defense may accept military construction projects for the installations or locations in the Republic of Poland, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Republic of Poland Funded Construction Projects Component Installation or Location Project Amount Air Force Lask AB AT/FP Upgrades for PPI Mission $22,000,000 Air Force Lask AB Connecting Taxiways for RPA Mission $18,000,000 Air Force Lask AB Ground Comms and Data Support Area for RPA Mission $5,000,000 Air Force Lask AB Maintenance Hangar for PPI Mission $69,000,000 Air Force Lask AB RPA Parking Apron $18,000,000 Air Force Wroclaw AB AT/FP Upgrades for APOD Mission $46,000,000 Air Force Wroclaw AB Comms Infrastructure for APOD Mission $10,000,000 XXVI Guard and Reserve Forces Facilities 2601. Authorized Army National Guard construction and land acquisition projects Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Army National Guard: State Location Amount Alaska Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson $67,000,000 Iowa Sioux City Armory $13,800,000 Kentucky Fort Campbell $18,000,000 Louisiana Lafayette Readiness Center $33,000,000 Mississippi Southaven Readiness Center $33,000,000 Montana Malta Readiness Center $14,800,000 Nevada Hawthorne Army Depot $18,000,000 New Jersey National Guard Training Center Sea Girt $25,300,000 Vineland $23,000,000 Ohio Lima $26,000,000 Oklahoma Shawnee Readiness Center $29,000,000 Utah Nephi Readiness Center $20,000,000 Washington Camp Murray $40,000,000 2602. Authorized Army Reserve construction and land acquisition projects Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Army Reserve State Location Amount California Camp Parks $42,000,000 Georgia Dobbins Air Reserve Base $78,000,000 Kentucky Fort Knox $138,000,000 Massachusetts Devens Reserve Forces Training Area $39,000,000 New Jersey Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst $16,000,000 Pennsylvania Wilkes-Barre $22,000,000 Puerto Rico Fort Buchanan $39,000,000 Virginia Richmond $23,000,000 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve State Location Amount Texas Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth $75,000,000 Washington Joint Base Lewis-McChord $26,610,000 2604. Authorized Air National Guard construction and land acquisition projects Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Air National Guard State Location Amount Alaska Joint Base Elmendorf–Richardson $63,300,000 California Moffett Airfield $12,600,000 Florida Jacksonville International Airport $26,200,000 Hawaii Hickam Air Force Base $36,600,000 Maine Bangor International Airport $48,000,000 New Jersey Atlantic City International Airport $18,000,000 New York Francis S. Gabreski Airport $14,000,000 Texas Fort Worth $13,100,000 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve construction and land acquisition projects Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air Force Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Air Force Reserve State Location Amount Indiana Grissom Air Reserve Base $21,000,000 Ohio Youngstown Air Reserve Station $25,000,000 South Carolina Joint Base Charleston $33,000,000 2606. Authorization of appropriations, National Guard and Reserve Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2024, for the costs of acquisition, architectural and engineering services, and construction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and for contributions therefor, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (including the cost of acquisition of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 2607. Extension of authority to carry out fiscal year 2018 project at Hulman Regional Airport, Indiana (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91 ; 131 Stat. 1817), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2604 of that Act (131 Stat. 1836) and extended by section 2608 of the Military Construction Act for Fiscal Year 2023 (division B of Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2989) and section 2607 of the Military Construction Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 737), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: National Guard and Reserve: Extension of 2018 Project Authorization State Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Indiana Hulman Regional Airport Construct Small Arms Range $8,000,000 2608. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2020 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (division B of Public Law 116–92 ; 133 Stat. 1862), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2601 of that Act (133 Stat. 1875), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: National Guard and Reserve: Extension of 2020 Project Authorization State/Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount California Camp Roberts Automated Multipurpose Machine Gun (MPMG) Range $12,000,000 Pennsylvania Moon Township Combined Support Maintenance Shop $23,000,000 2609. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2021 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Division B of Public Law 116–283 ; 134 Stat. 4294), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sections 2601, 2602, and 2604 of that Act (134 Stat. 4312, 4313, 4314) and extended by section 2609 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ; 137 Stat. 738), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2025, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2026, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: National Guard and Reserve: Extension of 2021 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Arkansas Fort Chaffee National Guard Readiness Center $15,000,000 California Bakersfield National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop $9,300,000 Massachusetts Devens Reserve Forces Training Area Automated Multipurpose Machine Gun Range $8,700,000 North Carolina Asheville Army Reserve Center/Land $24,000,000 Puerto Rico Fort Allen National Guard Readiness Center $37,000,000 South Carolina Joint Base Charleston National Guard Readiness Center $15,000,000 Texas Fort Worth Aircraft Maintenance Hangar Addition/Alt. $6,000,000 Joint Base San Antonio F–16 Mission Training Center $10,800,000 Virgin Islands St. Croix Army Aviation Support Facility (AASF) $28,000,000 CST Ready Building $11,400,000 2610. Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2022 projects (a) Extension Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (Division B of Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 2161), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sections 2601, 2602, 2604, and 2605 of that Act (135 Stat. 2178, 2179) and amended by section 2607(1) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 (division B of Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 2988), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2026, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2027, whichever is later. (b) Table The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: National Guard and Reserve: Extension of 2022 Project Authorizations State Installation or Location Project Original Authorized Amount Alabama Huntsville Readiness Center National Guard Readiness Center $17,000,000 Georgia Fort Moore Post-Initial Military Training Unaccompanied Housing $13,200,000 Indiana Grissom Air Reserve Base Logistics Readiness Complex $29,000,000 Massachusetts Barnes Air National Guard Base Combined Engine/ASE/NDI Shop $12,200,000 Mississippi Jackson International Airport Fire Crash and Rescue Station $9,300,000 New York Francis S. Gabreski Airport Base Civil Engineer Complex $14,800,000 Ohio Wright-Patterson Air Force Base AR Center Training Building/ UHS $19,000,000 Texas Kelly Field Annex Aircraft Corrosion Control $9,500,000 Vermont Bennington National Guard Armory National Guard Readiness Center $16,900,000 Wisconsin Fort McCoy Transient Training Officer Barracks $29,200,000 Wyoming Cheyenne Municipal Airport Combined Vehicle Maintenance and ASE Complex $13,400,000 2611. Modification of authority to carry out fiscal year 2022 project In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2601 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (division B of Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 2178) for Bennington National Guard Armory, Vermont, for construction of a National Guard Readiness Center as specified in the funding table in section 4601 of such Act and extended pursuant to section 2610 of this Act, the Secretary of the Army may construct the National Guard Readiness Center in Lyndon, Vermont. XXVII Base Realignment and Closure Activities 2701. Authorization of appropriations for base realignment and closure activities funded through Department of Defense Base Closure Account Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2024, for base realignment and closure activities, including real property acquisition and military construction projects, as authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510 ; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Closure Account established by section 2906 of such Act, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. XXVIII Military Construction General Provisions A Military Construction Program 2801. Inclusion of land acquisition under definition of unspecified minor military construction project Section 2805(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking or a demolition project and inserting , land acquisition, or demolition project . 2802. Extension of expanded authority to convey property at military installations (a) In general Subparagraph (C) of section 2869(a)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking five-year period and inserting eight-year period . (b) Technical correction Subparagraph (A)(i) of such section is amended by striking 2679(e) and inserting section 2679(f) . 2803. Authority to accept host nation financial services in the form of an irrevocable letter of credit Section 2350g(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended — (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (3) financial services in the form of an irrevocable letter of credit that is— (A) established and controlled by the foreign country for making payments on behalf of the Department of Defense when executing contracts entered into under the authority of part V of subtitle A of this title; and (B) issued by a financial institution acceptable to the Treasurer of the United States. . 2804. Modification of authority for Indo-Pacific posture unspecified minor military construction projects Section 2810 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking $15,000,000 and inserting $30,000,000 ; (2) in subsection (b), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: (2) to the extent necessary, as either a stand-alone acquisition or as part of a minor military construction project, any acquisition of interests in land, or support or reimbursement for acquisition of interests in land, for establishment of a defense site or other area over which the Secretary of a military department or the Secretary of Defense will exercise operational control, without regard to the duration of the operational control. ; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ; or and inserting semicolon; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period and inserting ; or ; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) acquiring interests in land, defense sites, or operational control over areas needed to support another project or projects under this section or to support a future military construction project. ; (4) in subsection (d), by inserting or planned military installation after military installation ; and (5) in subsection (e)(2), by striking section 2805(c) of title 10, United States Code and inserting subsection (c) of section 2805, United States Code, subject to adjustment upward to reflect a construction cost index published pursuant to subsection (f) of such section if such an index applies to the location of the project, except that the adjusted amount may not exceed the limit under subsection (a) . 2805. Requirement that damaged or destroyed facilities are built back with resilience Section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (d) (1) Any military construction project to repair, restore, or replace a damaged or destroyed facility, including a family housing facility, shall be designed and constructed to prevent future damage or destruction by the cause or causes that generated the damage or destruction of the facility being repaired, restored, or replaced. (2) Design measures under paragraph (1) for a repaired, restored, or replaced facility— (A) shall ensure that the facility— (i) provides for military installation resilience; and (ii) is designed and constructed to standards that address threats due to weather, flooding, or land subsidence projected for not less than 50 years from the estimated date of completion of the project; and (B) may, if necessary to avoid flooding, land subsidence, or other threatening conditions, include relocation of the facility on the installation. . 2806. Industrial plant equipment and associated services as in-kind consideration under leases of non-excess property Section 2667(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting before the period at the end the following: , whether or not needed for the functionality of the property or facility leased ; (2) in subparagraph (F), by inserting before the period at the end the following: , which may include industrial process optimization ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: (G) Refurbishment of existing industrial plant equipment on the leased property. (H) Removal and replacement of industrial plant equipment on the leased property that is at or near end-of-life. (I) Provision of new industrial plant equipment on the leased property (including new technology), installation of such equipment, and maintenance of such equipment, but only if the title to such equipment passes to the Federal Government. . 2807. Ordering authority for design and construction of facilities of Department of Defense (a) In general Subchapter I of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 2818. Ordering authority (a) In general The head of a department or organization within the Department of Defense may place an order with any other such department or organization for the design and construction of facilities of the Department of Defense, including facility maintenance and repair projects and minor construction projects, on a reimbursable basis. (b) Obligations An order placed by the head of a department or organization under subsection (a) is deemed to be an obligation of such department or organization in the same manner as a similar order or contract placed with a private contractor. (c) Contingency expenses An order placed under subsection (a) may include a reasonable amount for contingency expenses. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2817 the following new item: 2818. Ordering authority. . 2808. Obligation and execution of design funds for military construction projects (a) In general Not later than 90 days after amounts are appropriated for design for a military construction project, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the construction agent in charge of such project enters into a contract for the obligation and execution of such amounts. (b) Completion of work If a project has a total cost of less than $150,000,000, not less than 35 percent of the design under a contract described in subsection (a) shall be completed not later than 180 days after the award of such contract. 2809. Modification of definition of military installation for purposes of notifications related to basing decision-making process Section 483(f)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended, in the first sentence, by striking , which is located within any of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, the Virgin Islands, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, or Guam . 2810. Guidance regarding maintenance of aggregate square footage of buildings of Department of Defense (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue guidance regarding the maintenance of the aggregate square footage of buildings of the Department of Defense, which shall be designated as 1 in 1 out guidance , pursuant to the requirements of this section. (b) Maintenance of square footage Guidance required under subsection (a) shall ensure that every square footage of growth of a building of the Department of Defense, as described in subsection (c), is offset with an equivalent reduction in square footage by— (1) a funded disposal action (such as demolition or transfer); or (2) identifying facilities to be entered into a contingency operational status. (c) Growth described Growth of a building of the Department of Defense described in this subsection shall include growth due to— (1) carrying out a military construction, unspecified minor military construction, or unspecified minor construction project; (2) acquisition of an existing building on land owned by a military department, such as transfer from another military department or transfer in lieu of demolition; (3) a gift of construction; or (4) construction carried out through the use of non-appropriated funds, private funding, or family housing funds that are converted to appropriated funds. (d) Major commands The major commands of the military departments shall be responsible for carrying out the growth offsets required under this section. (e) Documentation Upon reaching 100 percent design of a project that increases the square footage of a building of the Department of Defense, the Secretary of Defense shall update the Department of Defense Form 1391 for such project to identify the reduction in square footage to accompany such increase. (f) Application This section shall apply to— (1) military construction, unspecified minor military construction, or unspecified minor construction projects funded in fiscal years beginning on or after October 1, 2025; and (2) other sources of growth on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 2811. Pilot program to optimize and consolidate facilities of the Army for resilient and healthy defense communities (a) Establishment The Secretary of the Army may conduct a pilot program in accordance with the requirements of this section (in this section referred to as the pilot program ). (b) Purpose The purpose of the pilot program is to assess the feasibility and effectiveness of implementing a more comprehensive footprint optimization initiative to ensure the scale and scope of the infrastructure footprint of the Department of Army is aligned with the needs of the Department of the Army. (c) Project (1) In general Under the pilot program, the Secretary of the Army may carry out a military construction project, not otherwise authorized by law, to create more livable, productive, and resilient communities through the optimization and consolidation of facilities of the Department of the Army, including leased facilities. (2) Requirements The Secretary of the Army may carry out a project to optimize and consolidate facilities under the pilot program if— (A) the facilities being optimized and consolidated are currently occupied; (B) the project will result in facilities that have at least 20 percent less square footage (or equivalent unit of measurement) than the facilities being optimized and consolidated; (C) under the project, the facilities being optimized and consolidated are either demolished or form an integral part of such project, and if such facilities are leased, the lease is terminated; and (D) the Secretary of the Army has conducted an economic analysis of the project that accounts for anticipated cost requirements for the design, construction, sustainment, restoration, modernization, operation, and demolition of new and existing facilities associated with the project and such analysis supports a positive net present value over a 20-year period. (3) Maximum project cost (A) In general The project carried out under the pilot program may not exceed a total cost of $25,000,000. (B) Funds used The project under the pilot program may be carried out using only funds available to the Secretary of the Army for unspecified minor military construction. (4) Limitation Not more than one project may be carried out under the pilot program. (d) Congressional notification (1) Submission Not later than 14 days before initiating the project under the pilot program, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees notice of the project. (2) Contents A notice required under paragraph (1) for the project under the pilot program shall include, with respect to the project— (A) the justification and current cost estimate; (B) the expected savings-to-investment ratio; (C) simple payback estimates; (D) the measurement and verification cost estimate; and (E) a description of how the project would improve the functions of the supported organization and the efficient management of real property of the Department of the Army. (e) Report (1) Submission Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the status of the project under the pilot program. (2) Contents The report required under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to the project conducted under the pilot program, the following information: (A) The title and location of the project, a brief description of the scope of work, the original project cost estimate, and the current working project cost estimate. (B) The original expected savings-to-investment ratio, simple payback estimates, annual reoccurring savings, 20-year net present value, annual return on investment, and measurement and verification cost estimate. (C) The current expected savings-to-investment ratio, and simple payback estimates, annual reoccurring savings, 20-year net present value, annual return on investment, and measurement and verification cost estimate. (D) A brief description of the measurement and verification plan and planned funding source, to include the net change in the square footage (or other unit of measurement) reduction accomplished by the project. (E) How the project improved the functions of and the efficient management of real property by the supported organization. (F) Such other information as the Secretary of the Army considers appropriate. (f) Sunset The authority of the Secretary of the Army to conduct the pilot program shall expire on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, except that if congressional notification for the project under the pilot program has been provided under subsection (d) prior to such date, the project may be carried out to completion. 2812. Information on military construction projects at joint bases (a) In general For each of fiscal years 2025 through 2030, the Secretary of each military department shall, for each joint base established pursuant to the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510 ; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and under the jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned, submit to the congressional defense committees the following: (1) In addition to the project documents submitted to Congress in connection with the budget of the President submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for a fiscal year in which a military construction project contract is proposed to be awarded by the host organization for the joint base, a report that describes the location, title, and cost, together with a Department of Defense Form 1391, for each military construction project that was requested by the host organization or by any tenant organization on the joint base and is considered for that fiscal year. (2) The prioritized ranking by the host organization of all military construction projects at the joint base, both those proposed in the budget described in paragraph (1) and those that were requested by the host organization or by a tenant organization but not proposed in such budget. (3) The rationale of the host organization for selecting the military construction projects proposed in the budget described in paragraph (1) instead of projects that were requested but not proposed in such budget. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) Host organization The term host organization , with respect to a joint base, means any organization that is a part of the military department under the Secretary with jurisdiction over the joint base. (2) Military construction project The term military construction project includes projects for facility sustainment, restoration, and modernization. (3) Requested by a tenant organization The term requested by a tenant organization , with respect to a military construction project, means a military construction project that a tenant organization, acting through its local commanding officer or local director, proposed to the host organization. (4) Tenant organization The term tenant organization , with respect to a joint base, means any organization described in section 111(b)(11) of title 10, United States Code, and located on the joint base but does not include any host organization. 2813. Report on munitions and explosives of concern and construction projects in Joint Region Marianas Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that includes the following: (1) A description of any policy or requirement of the Department of Defense related to munitions and explosives of concern in Joint Region Marianas. (2) A description of the cost, schedule, and safety mitigation efforts related to any military construction project in Joint Region Marianas. (3) Identification of each organization that holds wavier authority for any requirement related to munitions and explosives of concern in Joint Region Marianas. 2814. Improvement of conduct by the Navy of the replacement of certain dry docks and other projects (a) Coordination The Secretary of the Navy (in this section referred to as the Secretary ) shall coordinate with the Comptroller General of the United States regarding best practices on cost estimating and lessons learned to avoid future cost increases for— (1) the replacement by the Navy of dry dock 1 at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard; (2) the replacement by the Navy of dry dock 3 at Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard; and (3) any other projects of the Navy under the Shipyard Infrastructure Optimization Program. (b) Planning On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conduct more extensive planning on large military construction projects of the Navy to more accurately identify operational mission need dates. (c) Briefings (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter until each project is completed, the Secretary shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the status of the construction projects for the replacement by the Navy of dry dock 1 at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and dry dock 3 at Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard. (2) Elements Each briefing required under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (A) An overview of the steps the Secretary is taking to ensure the costs of the projects specified in such paragraph do not increase further. (B) An assessment by the Secretary as of the date of the briefing of the likelihood of future cost overruns for each such project. (C) Any other details the Secretary determines relevant to support oversight by Congress of each such project or other projects under the Shipyard Infrastructure Optimization Program. 2815. Minimum investment for facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization (a) In general Chapter 159 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 2698. Minimum investment for facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization for military departments (a) In general For each fiscal year, the Secretary of each military department shall invest in the budget for facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization for the military department a total amount equal to not less than the percentage specified in subsection (b) of the plant replacement value for the total inventory of all facilities owned and maintained by the military department. (b) Percentage specified The percentage specified in this subsection is the following: (1) For fiscal year 2026, 1.75 percent. (2) For fiscal year 2027, 2.5 percent. (3) For fiscal year 2028, 3.25 percent. (4) For fiscal year 2029 and each subsequent fiscal year, 4 percent. (c) Certification The Secretary of each military department shall include with the annual budget submission of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31 a certification to the congressional defense committees verifying that the military department is complying with the requirements of this section. (d) Plant replacement value defined In this section, the term plant replacement value means the cost to replace the current physical plant using construction costs (labor and materials) and standards (methodologies and codes) as of the date such cost is calculated. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2697 the following new item: 2698. Minimum investment for facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization for military departments. . B Military Housing 2821. Increase in percentage limitations on value of United States investment in privatized military housing projects Section 2875(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking 33 1/3 percent and inserting 60 percent ; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking 45 percent and inserting 60 percent . 2822. Treatment of nondisclosure agreements with respect to privatized military housing Section 2890(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking (1) A tenant or prospective tenant of a housing unit may not be required to sign and inserting A landlord may not request that a tenant or prospective tenant of a housing unit sign ; and (B) in the first sentence, by inserting or in connection with the provision by the landlord of services related to the housing unit before the period; and (2) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3). C Land Conveyances 2831. Land conveyance, Fort Bliss, El Paso, Texas (a) Conveyance authorized (1) In general The Secretary of the Army (in this section referred to as the Secretary ) may convey to El Paso Water of El Paso Public Service Board (in this section referred to as El Paso Water ), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including any improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 45.3 acres, known as the Kay Bailey Hutchison Desalination Plant, and an adjoining parcel of approximately 20 acres, located at Fort Bliss, Texas, for the purposes of stormwater flood control for Fort Bliss and the neighboring community. (2) Continuation of existing easements, restrictions, and covenants The conveyance of the property under paragraph (1) shall be subject to any existing easement, restriction, and covenant, including the easement numbered DACA63–2–09–0524 and entitled EASEMENT FOR DESALINATION PLANT, WATER PIPELINE AND RELATED SUPPORT STRUCTURES IN SUPPORT OF A WATER SUPPLY AGREEMENT (in this section referred to as the existing easement ). (b) Payment of fair market value (1) In general As consideration for the conveyance under subsection (a), El Paso Water shall pay to the Secretary an amount equal to the fair market value of the property to be conveyed as determined by the Secretary, which may consist of cash payment, in-kind consideration as described in paragraph (2), or a combination thereof. (2) In-kind consideration For the payment required under paragraph (1), El Paso Water may provide in-kind consideration, including one or more of the following: (A) Discounted or stabilized water commodity rates in accordance with the terms and conditions of any water service or supply agreement in place on the date of the enactment of this Act and referenced in the existing easement. (B) The acquisition, construction, provision, improvement, maintenance, repair, or restoration (including environmental or munitions remediation), or a combination thereof, of property, facilities, or infrastructure located on the Castner Range National Monument. (C) The delivery of services relating to the needs of Fort Bliss that the Secretary considers acceptable. (c) Reversionary interest (1) In general If the Secretary determines that the property conveyed under subsection (a) is not being used in accordance with the purpose of the conveyance specified in such subsection, all right, title, and interest in and to the property, including any improvements thereto, may, at the option of the Secretary, revert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States may have the right of immediate entry onto such property. (2) Opportunity for hearing A determination by the Secretary under paragraph (1) may be made on the record after an opportunity for a hearing. (d) Payment of costs of conveyance (1) Payment required The Secretary may require El Paso Water to cover all costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), including costs for appraisals, environmental and real estate due diligence, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. (2) Refund of excess amounts If amounts are collected from El Paso Water under paragraph (1) in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to El Paso Water. (e) Limitation on source of funds El Paso Water may not use Federal funds to cover any portion of the costs required to be paid by El Paso Water under this section. (f) Description of property The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. (g) Additional terms and conditions The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 2832. Cleanup and transfer of certain property at former Army installation to East Bay Regional Park District The Secretary of the Army, in connection with the approximately 15-acre upland portion of property at the shoreline of the former installation of the Army in Oakland, California, shall— (1) in coordination with the California Department of Toxic Substances Control and the appropriate California Regional Water Quality Control Board— (A) not later than March 1, 2025, endeavor to complete a remedial investigation and feasibility study in compliance with the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ); and (B) not later than one year after the completion of such remedial investigation and feasibility study, submit to the congressional defense committees a draft decision document for review; and (2) complete the final property transfer of that portion of the property to the East Bay Regional Park District as soon as all Federal and State environmental standards have been met. 2833. Land conveyance, Fort Huachuca, Sierra Vista, Arizona (a) Conveyance authorized (1) In general The Secretary of the Army may convey, without consideration, to the City of Sierra Vista, Arizona (in this section referred to as the City ), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including any improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 203 acres, comprising a portion of Fort Huachuca, Arizona, for the purpose of compatible development of the municipal airport located in the City. (2) Continuation of existing easements, restrictions, and covenants The conveyance of the property under paragraph (1) shall be subject to any easement, restriction, or covenant of record applicable to the property and in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) Revisionary interest (1) In general If the Secretary of the Army determines at any time that the real property conveyed under subsection (a) is not being used in accordance with the purpose of the conveyance specified in such subsection, all right, title, and interest in and to the property, including any improvements thereto, may, at the option of the Secretary, revert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States may have the right of immediate entry onto such property. (2) Determination A determination by the Secretary of the Army under paragraph (1) shall be made on the record after an opportunity for a hearing. (c) Payment of costs of conveyance (1) Payment required The Secretary of the Army shall require the City to cover all costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), including costs for environmental and real estate due diligence and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. (2) Refund of excess amounts If amounts collected by the Secretary of the Army from the City under paragraph (1) in advance exceed the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the City. (d) Limitation on source of funds The City may not use Federal funds to cover any portion of the costs required to be paid by the City under this section. (e) Description of property The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army. (f) Additional terms and conditions The Secretary of the Army may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 2834. Release of interests retained in Camp Joseph T. Robinson, Arkansas (a) Release of retained interests (1) In general With respect to a parcel of land at Camp Joseph T. Robinson, Arkansas, consisting of approximately 241.33 acres located in a part of section 2, township 2 north, range 12 west, Pulaski County, Arkansas, and comprising a portion of the property conveyed by the United States to the State of Arkansas for training of the National Guard and for other military purposes pursuant to An Act authorizing the transfer of part of Camp Joseph T. Robinson to the State of Arkansas , approved June 30, 1950 (64 Stat. 311, chapter 429), the Secretary of the Army may release the terms and conditions imposed, and reversionary interests retained, by the United States under section 2 of such Act, and the right to reenter and use the property retained by the United States under section 3 of such Act. (2) Impact on other rights or interests The release of terms and conditions and retained interests under paragraph (1) with respect to the parcel described in such paragraph shall not be construed to alter the rights or interests retained by the United States with respect to the remainder of the real property conveyed to the State of Arkansas under the Act described in such paragraph. (b) Instrument of release of retained interests The Secretary of the Army may execute and file in the appropriate office a deed of release, amended deed, or other appropriate instrument reflecting the release of terms and conditions and retained interests under subsection (a)(1). (c) Reimbursement; Payment of Administrative Costs (1) Payment required (A) In general The Secretary of the Army may require the State of Arkansas to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the release of terms and conditions and retained interests under subsection (a)(1), including survey costs, costs related to environmental documentation, and other administrative costs related to the release. (B) Refund of amounts If amounts paid to the Secretary of the Army by the State of Arkansas in advance under subparagraph (A) exceed the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the State. (2) Treatment of amounts received Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reimbursement for costs incurred by the Secretary of the Army to carry out the release of terms and conditions and retained interests under subsection (a)(1) shall be credited to, merge with, and be available for the same purposes and subject to the same limitations as the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred to carry out the release. (d) Legal description of the property The exact acreage and legal description of the property described in subsection (a)(1) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army. 2835. Report on former Army-Navy General Hospital, Hot Springs National Park, Hot Springs, Arkansas Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Local Defense Community and Cooperation shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the following: (1) The cost of replacing or repairing all fire suppression systems at the former Army-Navy General Hospital, Hot Springs National Park, Hot Springs, Arkansas. (2) A summary of work needed to replace or repair all fire suppression systems at such property, including an estimate of the time it would take to replace or repair all such systems. (3) The steps required for the Secretary of the Army to execute a quitclaim deed covering any reversionary interest of the United States in such property. D Other Matters 2841. Authority for shoreline erosion control projects to protect military installation infrastructure (a) In general Section 2815a of title 10, United States Code is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking management and inserting management and shoreline erosion control ; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking carry out a stormwater management project on or related to a military installation for the purposes of and inserting , on or related to a military installation, carry out ; (B) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following: (1) a stormwater management project for the purposes of— (A) improving military installation resilience or the resilience of a defense access road or other essential civilian infrastructure supporting the military installation; and (B) protecting nearby waterways and stormwater-stressed ecosystems; or (2) a shoreline erosion control project for the purpose of improving, protecting, or repairing shoreline to protect the infrastructure of a military installation or a defense access road from shoreline erosion. ; (3) in subsection (b), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking management and inserting management or shoreline erosion control ; (4) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking stormwater management ; (B) by striking proposals involving and inserting “proposals— (1) for stormwater management that involve ; (C) by striking the period and inserting ; and ; and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) for shoreline erosion control that involve the improvement, protection, or repair of shoreline subject to wave action or stormwater runoff and water levels resulting from extreme weather conditions. ; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking stormwater management ; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking measures and inserting measures to address storm water management ; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) The use of sheet piles, riprap, armor stone, sea walls, natural plantings, or any future technologies created to address shoreline erosion control. ; and (6) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking stormwater management each place it appears; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period and inserting ; and ; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new clause: (iii) improve, protect, or repair shoreline to protect infrastructure of a military installation or a defense access road from shoreline erosion. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter I of chapter 169 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2815a and inserting the following new item: 2815a. Stormwater management and shoreline erosion control projects for installation and defense access road resilience and waterway and ecosystems conservation. . 2842. Coordination of repair and maintenance of Kolekole Pass (a) In general The Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy shall jointly coordinate the repair and maintenance, including any planning for such repair and maintenance, of the Kolekole Pass in Hawaii, which originates at Schofield Barracks and ends in Waianae. (b) Requirements (1) Investigation In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy shall work with State partners in Hawaii to investigate the scope and budget requirements to structurally reinforce and repair the Kolekole Pass so it may be used for emergency egress by both military and civilian personnel in the event of an emergency. (2) Report Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy shall jointly submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the investigation conducted under paragraph (1). 2843. Consideration of installation infrastructure and other supporting resources by Department of Defense Test Resource Management Center (a) Review by Director of budgets for installation infrastructure and other supporting resources Section 4173(c)(1)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: (iii) installation infrastructure, workforce, information technology, and other resources that support the activities of the Major Range and Test Facility Base. . (b) Treatment of infrastructure on Kwajalein Atoll Section 4173 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (j); and (2) by inserting after subsection (h) the following new subsection: (i) Infrastructure on Kwajalein Atoll (1) For the purposes of this section, infrastructure located on Kwajalein Atoll that supports the operations of test and range facilities of the Department of Defense shall be considered to be part of the Army Kwajalein Major Range and Test Facility Base and subject to the requirements of subsections (e) and (f). (2) This subsection shall have no effect on or after October 1, 2030. . (c) Conforming amendment (1) Title 10 Section 130i(j)(3)(C)(ix) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking sections 4173(i) and inserting section 4173(j) . (2) National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 Section 220(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( Public Law 111–84 ; 10 U.S.C. 221 note) is amended by striking sections 4173(i) and inserting section 4173(j) . (3) James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 Section 236(g) of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ; 10 U.S.C. 4001 note) is amended by striking section 4173(i) and inserting section 4173(j) . 2844. Extension of Department of the Army pilot program for development and use of online real estate inventory tool Section 2866(h) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Division B of Public Law 116–283 ; 10 U.S.C. 7771 note prec.) is amended by striking September 30, 2025 and inserting September 30, 2026 . 2845. Review of roles and responsibilities for construction projects of Department of Defense (a) In general Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center not sponsored by the Department of the Army or the Department of the Navy (in this section referred to as the Center ) to review the roles and responsibilities for executing construction projects for the Department of Defense, including military construction projects and facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization projects. (b) Report Not later than February 1, 2026, the Center shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the review conducted under subsection (a). (c) Elements At a minimum, the report required under subsection (b) shall include the following: (1) An identification of the cost of having two construction agents for the Department of Defense, including any redundant costs, and the potential efficiencies of consolidation into a single construction agent. (2) An assessment of the design and construction delivery processes of the Army Corps of Engineers and the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, including the composition of the design delivery and construction delivery team for each entity. (3) An identification of the total number of members of the Armed Forces, civilian employees of the Federal Government, and contractors by specialty (such as job series or military occupation code) involved in executing construction projects for the Army Corps of Engineers and the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, which shall— (A) exclude all individuals serving in civil works positions unless those individuals support programs of the Department of Defense; and (B) include a recommendation of the number of personnel and their specialties that would be appropriate under a single entity for all military departments. (4) An assessment of the costs of the Army Corps of Engineers and the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command carrying out the functions specified in each of paragraphs (2) and (3). (5) An assessment of the internal controls of the Army Corps of Engineers and the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command to determine if costs associated with military construction projects and facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization projects, including overhead, supervision, and administration, are properly charged to the correct appropriation account (whether for military construction or defense) at all levels of each entity, which shall include an assessment of— (A) the similarities and differences with respect to the financial processes of such entities; and (B) the benefits of consolidating under a single construction agent. (6) A study and report on the real estate functions performed by the Army Corps of Engineers and the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, which shall include— (A) an assessment of the similarities and differences between delivery methodologies; (B) an assessment of the costs of providing real estate services; and (C) a recommendation regarding whether consolidating construction agent real estate services is cost-effective and appropriate. (7) A study and report on the global geographic regions that the Army Corps of Engineers, the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, and any other construction agent of the Department of Defense cover, including— (A) the geographic roles those entities support with respect to host-nation funded construction, non-military construction, and infrastructure support in connection with foreign military sales; and (B) a recommendation for an optimal geographic regional layout assuming a single construction agent is in place. (8) A study and report on the practice by the Army Corps of Engineers of using resources (such as funding, people, and technical capability) associated with civil works and non-defense programs to support military construction or facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization projects, which shall— (A) identify the extent that the Army Corps of Engineers uses suborganizations that primarily support civil works programs to execute or support military construction or facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization projects; (B) assess the frequency organizations with minimal experience with Department of Defense construction execute such projects and the effectiveness of those organizations (measured in cost, quality, and schedule metrics) in project delivery; and (C) recommend whether such practice should be continued or discontinued. (9) A study and report on the use by the Department of the Navy of the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command to provide public works functions and services to installations of the Navy, including an assessment of the benefits of that approach and the impact of a potential consolidation of construction agents. (10) A study and report on the policy, procedures, organizations, and systems used by the Department of the Army and the Department of the Air Force for the design and construction of facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization projects, including an assessment of any modifications required if a single construction agent for military construction were to be created. (11) A study and report on the data and software systems used by the Army Corps of Engineers, the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, and any other entity of the Department of Defense for tracking the execution of planning, design, and construction of military construction projects, including— (A) an assessment of the differences, weaknesses, currency, and transparency of data provided to the sponsors of such projects within the Department of Defense; and (B) a recommendation of whether data and software systems can or should be standardized or consolidated into fewer or one system. (12) Documentation of the current organizational alignment of authorities from title 10, United States Code, with the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the military departments and the alignment of those authorities with the construction authorities within the Army Corps of Engineers and the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, including authorities relating to acquisition, finances, and real estate. (13) An identification of not less than two alternatives for how the authorities and organizations relating to construction for the Department of Defense could align if a single construction agent were to align under one principal staff assistant to the Secretary of Defense as a defense agency or field activity of the Department of Defense or under one military department. (d) Update Not less frequently than quarterly following the submittal of the report required under subsection (b), the Center shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives an update on such report. 2846. Assessment of public schools on installations of Department of Defense (a) Report required (1) Update of assessment on school capacity and condition Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an updated assessment of the capacity and facility condition deficiencies of elementary and secondary public schools on military installations conducted by the Secretary in July 2011 under section 8109 of the Department of Defense and Full-Year Continuing Appropriations Act, 2011 ( Public Law 112–10 ; 125 Stat. 82), as updated by the Secretary in July 2017 under section 2814 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 130 Stat. 2717). (2) Consideration of factors In conducting the updated assessment required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall take into consideration factors including— (A) schools that have had changes in their condition or capacity since the updated assessment in July 2017; and (B) the capacity and facility condition deficiencies of schools omitted from the updated assessment in July 2017. (3) Additional information The Secretary shall include in the updated assessment required under paragraph (1) a report on the status of the funds already appropriated, and a schedule for the completion of projects already approved, under the programs funded under section 8127 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 ( Public Law 115–141 ; 132 Stat. 492), section 8128 of the Department of Defense and Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Act, 2019 and Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019 ( Public Law 115–245 ; 123 Stat. 3029), section 8121 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( Public Law 116–93 ; 133 Stat. 2365), section 8118 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 ( Public Law 116–260 ; 134 Stat. 1332), and section 8109 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022 ( Public Law 117–103 ; 136 Stat. 201). (b) Updating prohibition on use of certain assessment of public schools on Department of Defense installations to supersede funding of certain projects Paragraph (3) of section 2814(a) of the of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328; 130 Stat. 2717), as added by section 2818(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115– 91; 131 Stat. 1852) and amended by section 2824(a) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ; 132 Stat. 2269), is further amended by striking 38 projects and inserting 71 projects . (c) Comptroller General evaluation Not later than 180 days after the date of the submission of the updated assessment under subsection (a)(1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees an evaluation of the updated assessment, including an evaluation of the accuracy and analytical sufficiency of the updated assessment. 2847. Report on use of areawide contracts to procure utility services (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of each military department, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the use by the Department of Defense of areawide contracts pursuant to the authority under section 2811(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division B of Public Law 118–31 ). (b) Elements The report required by subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, disaggregated by location, an identification of— (1) the projects conducted pursuant to the authority described in subsection (a); (2) any savings to the Department of Defense from using such authority; and (3) the mission or readiness capabilities that have been created through the use of areawide contracts pursuant to such authority. 2848. Extension of prohibition on joint use of Homestead Air Reserve Base with civil aviation Section 2874 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 (division B of Public Law 117–263 ; 136 Stat. 3014) is amended by striking September 30, 2026 and inserting September 30, 2028 . 2849. Prohibition on use by Air Force of corporate structure in conducting certain basing decisions (a) In general On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force— (1) may not make any basing decision during the resource allocation plan or program objective memorandum process of the Department of the Air Force (commonly known as a programmatic basing decision ) through the use of the DAF Corporate Structure of the Department of the Air Force Instruction 10–503, dated June 12, 2023, relating to strategic basing, or any successor similar instruction; and (2) shall make all basing decisions through the use of the traditional competitive strategic basing process set forth in Air Force Instruction 10–503. (b) Update of instruction and other policy Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall update any instruction or other policy of the Department of the Air Force to include the prohibition and requirement under subsection (a). 2850. Authority to assist State and local governments in supporting installation and industrial base modernization through public infrastructure and services Section 2391(b)(5) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (E) (i) The Secretary of Defense may also make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, and supplement other Federal funds in order to assist a State or local government in enhancing its support for installation and industrial base modernization through public infrastructure and services that enhance the capabilities and resilience of the defense industrial base and the defense industrial base workforce. (ii) A State or local government is eligible for assistance under clause (i) if the Secretary determines that industrial base modernization within the relevant State or locality will enhance the capabilities of the Department of Defense. . 2851. Briefing on projects under Defense Community Infrastructure Program that are still in progress Section 2391(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (5) (A) Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025 , and annually thereafter until the date that is three years after such date of enactment, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on projects for which a grant was awarded under this subsection that are still in progress as of the date of the briefing, and the status of completion of such projects. (B) Each briefing required under subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i) A list of projects described in such subparagraph. (ii) A brief update on the status of such projects. (iii) A list of such projects that are more than one year over the one-year timeline to begin construction. (iv) A list of any projects described in subparagraph (A) to augment existing or build new educational facilities. (v) Any other update regarding projects described in subparagraph (A) as the Secretary determines necessary. . 2852. Treatment of historic housing and associated historic properties of the Department of the Army (a) In general Subchapter II of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 2839. Historic housing and associated historic properties of the Department of the Army (a) Application of authority and standards The Secretary of the Army, in satisfaction of requirements under division A of subtitle III of title 54 (commonly referred to as the National Historic Preservation Act ), may— (1) until December 31, 2045, apply the authority and standards of the program comment dated May 4, 2023, and entitled Notice of Issuance of the Department of the Army Program Comment for Vietnam War Era Historic Housing, Associated Buildings and Structures, and Landscape Features (1963-1975) (88 Fed. Reg. 28573) to all military housing (including privatized military housing under subchapter IV of this chapter) constructed after 1975 located on a military installation under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Army; and (2) apply the authority and standards of the program comment dated June 7, 2002, and entitled Program Comment for Capehart and Wherry Era Army Family Housing and Associated Structures and Landscape Features (1949-1962) (67 Fed. Reg. 39332) to all military housing (including privatized military housing under subchapter IV of this chapter) constructed during the period beginning on January 1, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1948, located on a military installation under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Army. (b) Reporting As part of each report of the Army required under section 3(c) of Executive Order 13287 ( 54 U.S.C. 306101 note; relating to Preserve America), the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation a report on the implementation of subsection (a). (c) Rule of construction Nothing in this section precludes the Secretary of the Army and the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation from amending, in accordance with applicable regulations, either of the program comments specified in subsection (a) to facilitate the implementation of this section. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2838 the following new item: 2839. Historic housing and associated historic properties of the Department of the Army. . 2853. Designation of officials responsible for coordination of infrastructure projects to support additional members of the Armed Forces and their families in the Indo-Pacific region (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate 2 officials as follows: (1) One official shall be responsible for coordination of infrastructure projects to support additional members of the Armed Forces and their families in Hawaii. (2) One official shall be responsible for coordination of infrastructure projects to support additional members of the Armed Forces and their families in Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands. (b) Duties Each of the officials described in subsection (a) shall, in coordination with appropriate officials from the military departments and the United States Indo-Pacific Command— (1) coordinate Department of Defense-wide efforts relating to the infrastructure needs associated with the significant addition of members of the Armed Forces and their families to the region for which such official is the designated official pursuant to subsection (a) during the 10-year period following the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) analyze the expected impact on State and local government services of— (A) military infrastructure projects in the designated region of such official; and (B) the significant addition of members of the Armed Forces and their families as described in paragraph (1); and (3) ensure clear and consistent communication to State and local elected officials and the public in the designated region of such official regarding the infrastructure needs and priorities of the Department of Defense, including conveying any finding or conclusion regarding the expected impact described in paragraph (2)(B). (c) Selection (1) Hawaii For the designation under paragraph (1) subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense may appoint an individual with significant background and expertise in— (A) the legal and technical aspects of city planning, State and local government services, and military infrastructure; and (B) liaising with State and local elected officials and the public. (2) Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands For the designation under paragraph (2) of subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall appoint the Under Secretary of the Navy. (d) Notification For the designations under paragraph (1) and paragraph (2) of subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall, not later than 30 days after the date of the designation, submit to the congressional defense committees and the Governor of Hawaii or the Governors of Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands, respectively, a notification that includes the name and contact information of the individual so designated. 2854. Technical correction to map reference in the Military Land Withdrawals Act of 2013 Section 2989(a)(2) of the Military Land Withdrawals Act of 2013 ( Public Law 113–66 ; 127 Stat. 1025; 136 Stat. 3027) is amended by striking November 30, 2022 and inserting May 22, 2024 . 2855. Prohibition on use of funds for resettlement in the United States of certain individuals from the West Bank or Gaza (a) In general Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense may not use any asset, facility, or installation of the Department of Defense for the transport or processing of any individual from the West Bank or Gaza who is not a United States citizen, or who is not the spouse, parent, or child of a United States citizen, for purposes of resettlement in the United States. (b) Exception (1) In general Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary may use assets, facilities, and installations of the Department to transport and process for resettlement in the United States an individual described in subsection (a) who— (A) is a former employee of the United States Government; (B) was so employed for a period of not less than two years; and (C) maintains documentation demonstrating such employment. (2) Inapplicability Paragraph (1) shall not apply to an individual described in that paragraph whose employment with the United States Government was involuntarily terminated. (c) Reconsideration of policy Not later than five years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary may reconsider the prohibition set forth in subsection (a) and provide recommendations to Congress on whether to continue or discontinue such prohibition. 2856. Expansion of defense community infrastructure pilot program to include installations of the Coast Guard Section 2391 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting , in consultation with the Commandant of the Coast Guard, after The Secretary ; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (5) In considering grants, agreements, or other funding under paragraph (1)(A) with respect to community infrastructure supportive of a military installation of the Coast Guard, the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Commandant of the Coast Guard to assess the selection and prioritization of the project concerned. ; and (2) in subsection (e)(1), by adding at the end the following new sentence: For purposes of subsection (d), the term military installation includes an installation of the Coast Guard under the jurisdiction of the Department of Homeland Security. . XXIX Military Construction Disaster Recovery 2901. Authorized Navy disaster recovery construction and land acquisition projects (a) Navy authorization Subject to subsection (c), using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2903 and available for military construction projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4602, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Navy Disaster Recovery Country Installation or Location Amount Guam Joint Region Marianas $726,480,000 Naval Base Guam $3,840,460,000 (b) Report required (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing a plan to carry out the military construction projects authorized under subsection (a). (2) Plan The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An explanation of how each military construction project under subsection (a) will incorporate mitigation measures that reduce the threat from extreme weather events, mean sea level fluctuation, flooding, and any other known environmental threat to resilience, including a list of any areas in which there is a variance from the local building requirements and an explanation of the reason for the variance. (B) A Department of Defense Form 1391 for each proposed project. (c) Limitation The Secretary of the Navy may not commence a military construction project authorized under subsection (a) until the report required under subsection (b) has been submitted by the Secretary. 2902. Authorized Air Force disaster recovery construction and land acquisition projects (a) Air Force authorization Subject to subsection (c), using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2903 and available for military construction projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4602, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installation or location inside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: Air Force Disaster Recovery Country Installation or Location Amount Guam Andersen Air Force Base $7,215,000,000 (b) Report required (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing a plan to carry out the military construction project authorized under subsection (a). (2) Plan The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An explanation of how the military construction project under subsection (a) will incorporate mitigation measures that reduce the threat from extreme weather events, mean sea level fluctuation, flooding, and any other known environmental threat to resilience, including a list of any areas in which there is a variance from the local building requirements and an explanation of the reason for the variance. (B) A Department of Defense Form 1391 for the proposed project. (c) Limitation The Secretary of the Air Force may not commence a military construction project authorized under subsection (a) until the report required under subsection (b) has been submitted by the Secretary. 2903. Authorization of emergency supplemental appropriations for military construction projects Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for the military construction projects authorized by this title as specified in the funding table in section 4602, in such amounts as may be designated as emergency requirements pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 ( 2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(i) ). C Department of Energy national security authorizations and other authorizations XXXI Department of Energy national security programs A National security programs and authorizations 3101. National Nuclear Security Administration (a) Authorization of appropriations Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2025 for the activities of the National Nuclear Security Administration in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. (b) Authorization of new plant projects From funds referred to in subsection (a) that are available for carrying out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out new plant projects for the National Nuclear Security Administration as follows: Project 25-D-530 Naval Examination Acquisition Project, Idaho National Laboratory, $45,000,000. Project 25-D-510 Plutonium Mission Safety & Quality Building, Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico, $48,500,000. Project 25-D-511 PULSE New Access, Nevada National Security Site, $25,000,000. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2025 for defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 3103. Other defense activities Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2025 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 3104. Nuclear energy Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2025 for nuclear energy as specified in the funding table in section 4701. B Program authorizations, restrictions, and limitations 3111. Limitation on use of funds for naval nuclear fuel systems based on low-enriched uranium None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for the National Nuclear Security Administration may be obligated or expended for the purposes of conducting research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium until— (1) the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Defense submit to the congressional defense committees a determination as to whether the determination made by the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Defense pursuant to section 3118(c)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ; 129 Stat. 1196) and submitted to the congressional defense committees on March 25, 2018, that the United States should not pursue such research and development, remains valid; and (2) the Secretary of the Navy submits to the congressional defense committees a determination as to whether an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium that would not reduce vessel capability, increase expense, or reduce operational availability as a result of refueling requirements can be produced. 3112. Authorization for modification of weapons (a) Authorization The Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator for Nuclear Security, is authorized to carry out such efforts as required to modify or develop the following nuclear weapons: (1) B61-13. (2) W80-X (formerly the W80-4 ALT SLCM). (b) Updated nomenclature Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator for Nuclear Security, and in coordination with the Chair of the Nuclear Weapons Council, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a notification of an updated nomenclature for the W80-X weapon. 3113. National Nuclear Security Administration management and process improvements (a) Modifications to National Nuclear Security Administration Act The National Nuclear Security Administration Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2401 et seq. ) is amended— (1) in section 3211— (A) by amending subsection (b)(2) to read as follows: (2) To support the deterrence of strategic attacks against the United States by maintaining and enhancing the performance, reliability, security, and safety of the United States nuclear weapons stockpile, including the ability to design, produce, and test nuclear weapons as necessary in order to meet national security requirements. ; and (B) in subsection (c), by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as paragraphs (2) through (4), respectively, and inserting the following new paragraph (1): (1) fulfilling, to the maximum extent possible, the requirements for nuclear weapons of the Department of Defense; ; (2) in section 3213(a)(2), by inserting infrastructure construction and maintenance, after nuclear weapons, ; (3) by amending section 3214(b)(1) to read as follows: (1) Supporting the deterrence of strategic attacks by maintaining and enhancing the performance, reliability, and security of the United States nuclear weapons stockpile, including the ability to design, produce, and test as necessary in order to meet national security requirements. ; and (4) in section 3264, by striking for the use and inserting for the cost-reimbursable use . (b) Modifications to nonproliferation and national security scholarship and fellowship programs Section 3113 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 ( 50 U.S.C. 2444 ) is amended— (1) by striking Department of Energy each place it appears and inserting National Nuclear Security Administration ; and (2) by striking of the Department each place it appears and inserting of the Administration ; (c) Modifications to certain nuclear weapons stockpile matters The Atomic Energy Defense Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2501 et seq. ) is amended— (1) in section 4201(b)— (A) by striking paragraph (5); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as paragraphs (2) through (5), respectively; (C) by inserting after the matter preceding paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph (1): (1) An increased level of effort for the construction of new facilities and the modernization of existing facilities with production and manufacturing capabilities that are necessary to support the deterrence of strategic attacks against the United States by maintaining and enhancing the performance, reliability, and security of the United States nuclear weapons stockpile, including— (A) the nuclear weapons production facilities; and (B) production and manufacturing capabilities resident in the national security laboratories. . (D) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by striking An increased level of effort and inserting Support ; (E) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking An increased level of effort and inserting Support ; and (F) by amending paragraph (4), as so redesignated, to read as follows: (4) Support for the modernization of facilities and projects that contribute to the experimental capabilities of the United States that support the sustainment and modernization of the United States nuclear weapons stockpile and the capabilities required to assess nuclear weapons effects. ; (2) in section 4204— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (I) by inserting , modernization, and replacement, as required, after effective management ; and (II) by striking , including the extension of the effective life of such weapons ; (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking increase the reliability, safety, and security and inserting enhance the performance and reliability ; (iii) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respectively; (iv) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph (3): (3) To maintain the safety and security of the nuclear weapons stockpile. ; and (v) by amending paragraph (4), as so redesignated, to read as follows: (4) To optimize the future size of the nuclear weapons stockpile. ; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking made to achieve and inserting consistent with ; and (II) by striking ; and and inserting a semicolon; (ii) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); (iii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph (2): (2) any changes made to the stockpile consistent with the objectives identified in subsection (a) are carried out in a cost effective manner; and ; and (iv) in paragraph (3)— (I) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: (A) are well understood and certifiable without the need to resume underground nuclear weapons testing ; and (II) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (C) develop future generations of design, certification, and production expertise in the nuclear security enterprise to support the fulfillment of mission requirements of the future stockpile. ; (3) in section 4209(a)(1), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking phase 1 or phase 6.1 and inserting phase 2 or phase 6.2 ; (4) in section 4212— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking, as specified in the most recent Nuclear Posture Review ; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting and high explosives manufacturing after weapons assembly ; (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking fissile materials components processing and fabrication and inserting processing ; (iii) by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); and (iv) by inserting after paragraph (3), the following new paragraph (4): (4) The fissile material component processing and fabrication capabilities of the Savannah River Plutonium Processing Facility and the Los Alamos National Laboratory. ; and (C) by striking subsection (c); (5) by striking section 4216; (6) in section 4405— (A) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: (a) Accelerated cleanup The Secretary of Energy shall accelerate the schedule for defense environmental cleanup activities and projects for a site at a Department of Energy defense nuclear facility if the Secretary determines that such an accelerated schedule will accelerate the recapitalization, modernization, or replacement of National Nuclear Security Administration facilities supporting the nuclear weapons stockpile, achieve meaningful, long-term cost savings to the Federal Government, or could substantially accelerate the release of land for local reuse without undermining national security objectives. ; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as paragraphs (2) through (5), respectively; and (ii) by inserting after the matter preceding paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph (1): (1) The extent to which accelerated cleanup schedules can contribute to a more rapid modernization of National Nuclear Security Administration facilities. ; and (7) in section 4713— (A) in the heading of subsection (a)(1), by inserting and new nuclear weapon program after extension ; and (B) by inserting or new nuclear weapon program after stockpile life extension each place it appears. 3114. Restoration of a domestic uranium enrichment capability (a) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator for Nuclear Security, shall conduct an assessment to evaluate at least 2, but not more than 4, geographically disparate possible locations in the United States that would by 2035 be best suited to host a modular, scalable facility for the domestic enrichment of unencumbered uranium, including highly-enriched uranium suitable for defense applications. (b) Report required Not later than 150 days after commencing the assessment required by subsection (a), the Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator for Nuclear Security, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the results of such assessment, including— (1) an initial cost assessment and schedule for the construction of at least one facility beginning not later than January 1, 2027; and (2) a statement declaring a preferred location or locations from among the locations evaluated pursuant to subsection (a). 3115. Report on activities from U.S.–U.K. Mutual Defense Agreement (a) In general Not later than March 31, 2025, and annually thereafter until March 31, 2030, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the activities taken under the Agreement Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland for Cooperation on the Uses of Atomic Energy for Mutual Defense Purposes, done at Washington July 3, 1958 (commonly known as the U.S.-U.K. Mutual Defense Agreement ). (b) Briefing contents A briefing under subsection (a) shall include for the preceding calendar year— (1) a brief overview of major lines of effort, including specific activities of note; (2) a list of any exchange, barter, or sale of nuclear and related materials; (3) a description of the relationship, if any with AUKUS; (4) a summary of key scientific exchanges and test events; and (5) such other information as the Administrator considers necessary. 3116. Modification of reporting requirements relating to cost-benefit analyses for competition of management and operating contracts Section 4807(e) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2787(e) ) is amended to read as follows: (e) Review of reports by Comptroller General of the United States (1) Determination The Comptroller General of the United States shall determine, in consultation with the congressional defense committees, whether to conduct an initial review, a comprehensive review, or both, of a report required by subsection (b). (2) Initial review The Comptroller General shall provide any initial review of a report required by subsection (b) as a briefing to the congressional defense committees not later than 180 days after that report is submitted to the congressional defense committees. (3) Comprehensive review (A) Submission The Comptroller General shall submit any comprehensive review of a report required by subsection (b) to the congressional defense committees not later than 3 years after that report is submitted to the congressional defense committees. (B) Elements A comprehensive review of a report required by subsection (b) shall include an assessment, based on the most current information available, of the following: (i) The actual cost savings achieved compared to cost savings estimated under subsection (c)(1), and any increased costs incurred under the contract that were unexpected or uncertain at the time the contract was awarded. (ii) Any disruptions or delays in mission activities or deliverables resulting from the competition for the contract compared to the disruptions and delays estimated under subsection (c)(4). (iii) Whether expected benefits of the competition with respect to mission performance or operations have been achieved. (iv) Such other matters as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. . 3117. Authority for National Nuclear Security Administration to use passenger carriers for contractor commuting (a) In general Subtitle C of title XLVIII of the Atomic Energy Defense Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2811 et seq. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: 4834. Authority to use passenger carriers for contractor commuting (a) Authority If and to the extent that the Administrator deems it appropriate to further mission activities under section 3211 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2401 ), a passenger carrier may be used to provide transportation services to contractor employees between the covered facility of the contractor employee and a mass transit facility in accordance with any applicable transportation plan adopted by the Administrator pursuant to this section. (b) Plan requests and approval (1) In general The Administrator— (A) shall— (i) provide Management and Operating contractors at covered facilities the opportunity to, on a voluntary basis, submit, through the cognizant contracting officer of the applicable covered facility, a plan to provide transportation services described in subsection (a) for contractor employees at the covered facility; and (ii) review each such plan submitted in accordance with subparagraph (A); and (B) may approve each such plan if the requirements described in paragraph (2)(B) are satisfied. (2) Contents A plan submitted in accordance with paragraph (1)(A)— (A) may include proposals for parking facilities, road improvements, real property acquisition, passenger carrier services, and commuting cost deferment payments to contractor employees; and (B) shall include— (i) a description of how the use of passenger carriers will facilitate the mission of the covered facility; (ii) a description of how the plan will be economical and advantageous to the Federal Government; (iii) a summary of the benefits that will be provided under the plan and how costs will be monitored; and (iv) a description of how the plan will alleviate traffic congestion, reduce commuting times, and improve recruitment and retention of contractor employees. (3) Delegation The Administrator may delegate to the Senior Procurement Executive of the Administration the approval of any plan submitted by a contractor under this subsection. (c) Reimbursement The Administration may reimburse a contractor for the costs of transportation services incurred pursuant to a plan approved under subsection (b) using funds appropriated to the Administration. (d) Implementation In carrying out a plan approved under subsection (b), the Administrator, to the maximum extent practicable and consistent with sound budget policy, shall— (1) require the use alternative fuel vehicles to provide transportation services; (2) ensure funds spent for this plan further the mission activities of the Administration under section 3211 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2401 ); and (3) ensure that the time during which a contractor employee uses transportation services shall not be included for purposes of calculating the hours of work for such contractor employee. (e) Definitions In this section: (1) Contractor employee The term contractor employee means an employee of a Management and Operating contractor or subcontractor employee at any tier. (2) Covered facility The term covered facility means any facility of the Administration that directly supports the mission of the Administration under section 3211 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2401 ). (3) Management and Operating contractor The term Management and Operating contractor means a management and operating contractor that manages a covered facility. (4) Passenger carrier The term passenger carrier means a passenger motor vehicle, aircraft, boat, ship, train, or other similar means of transportation that is owned, leased, or provided pursuant to contract or subcontract by the Federal Government or through a contractor of the Administration. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4833 the following new item: Sec. 4834. Authority to use passenger carriers for contractor commuting. . 3118. Limitation on availability of funds pending submission of information on streamlining National Nuclear Security Administration contracting Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for Program Direction, NNSA Federal Salaries and Expenses, Headquarters, Travel, not more than 80 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Administrator for Nuclear Security submits the report on streamlining National Nuclear Security Administration requirements required on page 389 of Senate Report 118–58, accompanying S.2226 (118th Congress). 3119. Limitation on availability of funds pending submission of certification relating to W80–4 Alteration-SLCM Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2025 for Program Direction, NNSA Federal Salaries and Expenses, Headquarters, Travel, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Administrator for Nuclear Security submits the certification required by section 306 of division D of title III of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2024 ( Public Law 118–42 ). 3120. Prohibition on use of funds to support access to National Nuclear Security Administration facilities (a) In general None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act, or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2025 or any subsequent fiscal year, for the National Nuclear Security Administration may be obligated or expended to permit or facilitate the access by any citizen of a covered country to any facility at which individuals perform work related to— (1) the protection, sustainment, or modernization of the United States nuclear weapons stockpile; or (2) capabilities for protecting, developing, sustaining, or disposing of technologies or materials related to the provision of nuclear propulsion for United States naval vessels. (b) Exception The Administrator for Nuclear Security may waive the prohibition under subsection (a) with respect to an individual if the Administrator, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, certifies to Congress not less than 60 days before providing that individual with access to a facility described in subsection (a) that— (1) such access is in the national security interest of the United States; (2) the Department of Defense has completed a comprehensive background investigation of the individual and has not uncovered any affiliation with military or intelligence organizations associated with a covered country; (3) the individual will not be provided access to any classified information and all appropriate protective measures will be taken to ensure the risk of inadvertent access is minimized to the maximum extent possible; (4) the individual will be provided access to the facility for not more than 60 days in a calendar year; and (5) after the individual has had access to the facility for 60 days as described in paragraph (4), such access will be terminated immediately. (c) Covered country defined In this section, the term covered country means— (1) the People’s Republic of China; (2) the Russian Federation; (3) the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; and (4) the Islamic Republic of Iran. 3121. Notification of certain regulations that impact the National Nuclear Security Administration (a) In general If a director of a national security laboratory of the National Nuclear Security Administration determines that a Federal regulation could inhibit the ability of the Administrator for Nuclear Security to maintain the safety, security, or effectiveness of the nuclear weapons stockpile without engaging in explosive nuclear testing, such director, not later than 15 days after making such determination, shall submit to Congress a notification of such determination. (b) Form A notification submitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall be made available to the public in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 3122. Authorization of Department of Defense and contractors to acquire and operate a utilization facility (a) Findings Congress finds the following: (1) Project Pele holds great potential as the only mobile microreactor design currently being constructed. (2) The Department of Defense maintains nuclear indemnification authority through the Act entitled An Act to authorize the making, amendment and modification of contracts to facilitate the national defense , approved August 28, 1958 ( 50 U.S.C. 1431 et seq. )(referred to in this section as Public Law 85–804 ). (3) The Nuclear Power Program of the Army previously operated nuclear power reactors from 1957 until 1977 with one of the predecessor organizations of the Department of Energy, the Atomic Energy Commission. (4) Public Law 85–804 and the joint production of nuclear power reactors between the Army and the Department of Energy both provide potential pathways for the Department of Defense, and contractors on behalf of the Department of Defense, in ensuring such reactors are properly indemnified throughout their lifecycle. (5) The authorization in section 91b.(3) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 ( 42 U.S.C. 2121(b) ), as added by subsection (c), covers prerequisite design work for such activities as the authorization may support. (b) Report and briefing (1) In general Not later than March 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall provide to the congressional defense committees a report and briefing, which shall include the following: (A) A history of how reactor programs, such as the Nuclear Power Program, legally operated and provided indemnification for the nuclear reactors produced. (B) A description of the feasibility of the use of Public Law 85–804 by the Department of Defense in the indemnification of current and future nuclear power reactor programs. (C) A description of the feasibility of jointly producing nuclear power reactors using the Price-Anderson indemnification authority of the Department of Energy. (D) An identification of a specific pathway to program of record for Project Pele, including recommendations on current authorities that could be used to ensure Project Pele remains on schedule for delivery and testing to the Idaho National Laboratory in 2025. (E) Recommendations on additional authorities necessary to provide for the operation and indemnification of future Department of Defense nuclear power programs; and (F) Other matters as the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, determines necessary. (2) Form The report and briefing required by paragraph (1) shall be in unclassified form, but may be accompanied by an additional classified report. (c) Authorization Section 91b. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 ( 42 U.S.C. 2121(b) ) is amended by striking or utilization facility for military purposes and inserting or (3) to authorize the Department of Defense to manufacture, produce, or acquire, and to operate, or to authorize the Department of Defense to authorize a contractor of the Department of Defense to manufacture, produce, or acquire, and to operate, a utilization facility for military purposes, including for the production of electric or thermal power for military installations or operations . XXXII Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board 3201. Authorization There are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2025, $47,210,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 ( 42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq. ). XXXV Maritime Administration 3501. Maritime Administration Section 109 of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 109. Maritime administration (a) Organization and mission The Maritime Administration is an administration in the Department of Transportation. The mission of the Maritime Administration is to foster, promote, and develop the merchant maritime industry of the United States. (b) Maritime administrator The head of the Maritime Administration is the Maritime Administrator, who is appointed by the President by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. The Administrator shall report directly to the Secretary of Transportation and carry out the duties prescribed by the Secretary. (c) Deputy maritime administrator The Maritime Administration shall have a Deputy Maritime Administrator, who is appointed in the competitive service by the Secretary, after consultation with the Administrator. The Deputy Administrator shall carry out the duties prescribed by the Administrator. The Deputy Administrator shall be Acting Administrator during the absence or disability of the Administrator and, unless the Secretary designates another individual, during a vacancy in the office of Administrator. (d) Duties and powers vested in secretary All duties and powers of the Maritime Administration are vested in the Secretary. (e) Regional offices The Maritime Administration shall have regional offices for the Atlantic, Gulf, Great Lakes, and Pacific port ranges, and may have other regional offices as necessary. The Secretary shall appoint a qualified individual as Director of each regional office. The Secretary shall carry out appropriate activities and programs of the Maritime Administration through the regional offices. (f) Interagency and industry relations The Secretary shall establish and maintain liaison with other agencies, and with representative trade organizations throughout the United States, concerned with the transportation of commodities by water in the export and import foreign commerce of the United States, for the purpose of securing preference to vessels of the United States for the transportation of those commodities. (g) Detailing officers from armed forces To assist the Secretary in carrying out duties and powers relating to the Maritime Administration, not more than five officers of the Armed Forces may be detailed to the Secretary at any one time, in addition to details authorized by any other law. During the period of a detail, the Secretary shall pay the officer an amount that, when added to the officer's pay and allowances as an officer in the Armed Forces, makes the officer's total pay and allowances equal to the amount that would be paid to an individual performing work the Secretary considers to be of similar importance, difficulty, and responsibility as that performed by the officer during the detail. (h) Contracts, cooperative agreements, and audits (1) Contracts and cooperative agreements In the same manner that a private corporation may make a contract within the scope of its authority under its charter, the Secretary may make contracts and cooperative agreements for the United States Government and disburse amounts to— (A) carry out the Secretary's duties and powers under this section, subtitle V of title 46, and all other Maritime Administration programs; and (B) protect, preserve, and improve collateral held by the Secretary to secure indebtedness. (2) Audits The financial transactions of the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be audited by the Comptroller General. The Comptroller General shall allow credit for an expenditure shown to be necessary because of the nature of the business activities authorized by this section or subtitle V of title 46. At least once a year, the Comptroller General shall report to Congress any departure by the Secretary from this section or subtitle V of title 46. (i) Grant administrative expenses Except as otherwise provided by law, the administrative and related expenses for the administration of any grant programs by the Maritime Administrator may not exceed 3 percent. (j) Authorization of appropriations (1) In general Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, there are authorized to be appropriated such amounts as may be necessary to carry out the duties and powers of the Secretary relating to the Maritime Administration. (2) Limitations Only those amounts specifically authorized by law may be appropriated for the use of the Maritime Administration for— (A) acquisition, construction, or reconstruction of vessels; (B) construction-differential subsidies incident to the construction, reconstruction, or reconditioning of vessels; (C) costs of national defense features; (D) payments of obligations incurred for operating-differential subsidies; (E) expenses necessary for research and development activities, including reimbursement of the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund for losses resulting from expenses of experimental vessel operations; (F) the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund; (G) National Defense Reserve Fleet expenses; (H) expenses necessary to carry out part B of subtitle V of title 46; and (I) other operations and training expenses related to the development of waterborne transportation systems, the use of waterborne transportation systems, and general administration. . D Funding Tables 4001. Authorization of amounts in funding tables (a) In general Whenever a funding table in this division specifies a dollar amount authorized for a project, program, or activity, the obligation and expenditure of the specified dollar amount for the project, program, or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. (b) Merit-based decisions A decision to commit, obligate, or expend funds with or to a specific entity on the basis of a dollar amount authorized pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) be based on merit-based selection procedures in accordance with the requirements of sections 3201 and 4024 of title 10, United States Code, or on competitive procedures; and (2) comply with other applicable provisions of law. (c) Relationship to transfer and programming authority An amount specified in the funding tables in this division may be transferred or reprogrammed under a transfer or reprogramming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The transfer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation accounts. (d) Applicability to classified annex This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. (e) Oral or written communications No oral or written communication concerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the requirements of this section. XLI PROCUREMENT 4101. PROCUREMENT SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2025 Request Senate Authorized AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY FIXED WING 2 FUTURE UAS FAMILY 149,059 149,059 3 SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS 69,573 79,573 Company Small UAS (Co sUAS)—Army UFR 10,000 ROTARY 4 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN 570,655 570,655 6 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) 709,054 709,054 7 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) 58,170 58,170 9 CH–47 HELICOPTER 699,986 699,986 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 12 MQ–1 PAYLOAD 14,086 14,086 13 GRAY EAGLE MODS2 23,865 23,865 15 AH–64 MODS 81,026 94,326 AH–64E Apache Improved Tail Rotor Blade (ITRB) acceleration—Army UFR 13,300 16 CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) 15,825 15,825 17 UTILITY HELICOPTER MODS 34,565 44,565 UH–72A Lakota lifecycle sustainment and modernization 10,000 18 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN 49,862 49,862 19 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE 61,362 61,362 20 DEGRADED VISUAL ENVIRONMENT 3,839 3,839 21 AVIATION ASSURED PNT 69,161 69,161 22 GATM ROLLUP 4,842 4,842 23 UAS MODS 2,265 2,265 GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 24 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT 139,331 139,331 26 CMWS 51,646 51,646 27 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) 257,854 257,854 OTHER SUPPORT 28 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT 31,181 31,181 29 AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS 14,478 14,478 30 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL 27,428 27,428 31 LAUNCHER, 2.75 ROCKET 3,815 3,815 32 LAUNCHER GUIDED MISSILE: LONGBOW HELLFIRE XM2 21,543 21,543 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 3,164,471 3,197,771 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 1 LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SEN 516,838 516,838 3 M-SHORAD—PROCUREMENT 69,091 69,091 4 MSE MISSILE 963,060 963,060 5 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ARMY MISSILE 0 150,000 JPAC supplier base investments 50,000 Munitions supplier base program (MCEIP) SRMs, ball bearings, PCBs, etc 100,000 6 PRECISION STRIKE MISSILE (PRSM) 482,536 746,536 F25 PrSM Inc 1 production increase (+70)—Army UFR 114,000 PrSM capacity expansion to 550/yr 150,000 7 PRECISION STRIKE MISSILE (PRSM) 10,030 10,030 8 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2–I 657,581 657,581 9 MID-RANGE CAPABILITY (MRC) 233,037 233,037 10 COUNTER SMALL UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM INTERCEP 117,424 202,224 Army cUAS interceptors—Army UFR 84,800 AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 12 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MSLS (JAGM) 47,582 162,582 JAGM production increase (+460) 115,000 13 LONG-RANGE HYPERSONIC WEAPON 744,178 744,178 ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 14 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY 326,120 326,120 15 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY 121,448 121,448 16 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) 1,168,264 1,168,264 17 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) 51,511 51,511 18 MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) 30,230 30,230 19 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM (HIMARS 79,387 79,387 20 ARMY TACTICAL MSL SYS (ATACMS)—SYS SUM 3,280 3,280 22 FAMILY OF LOW ALTITUDE UNMANNED SYSTEMS 120,599 191,599 Lethal Unmanned System (LUS) / Low Altitude Stalk & Strike Ordinance (LASSO)—Army UFR 10,000 SB600 production increase 61,000 MODIFICATIONS 23 PATRIOT MODS 171,958 338,958 Additional Patriot launcher 167,000 24 STINGER MODS 75,146 166,146 Stinger—Army UFR 91,000 25 AVENGER MODS 2,321 2,321 27 MLRS MODS 185,839 185,839 28 HIMARS MODIFICATIONS 49,581 49,581 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 29 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 6,695 6,695 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 30 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS 12,034 12,034 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 6,245,770 7,188,570 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 1 ARMORED MULTI PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) 515,344 515,344 2 ASSAULT BREACHER VEHICLE (ABV) 5,681 5,681 3 M10 BOOKER 460,637 460,637 MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 4 STRYKER (MOD) 52,471 52,471 5 STRYKER UPGRADE 402,840 402,840 6 BRADLEY FIRE SUPPORT TEAM (BFIST) VEHICLE 7,255 7,255 7 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) 106,937 106,937 8 M109 FOV MODIFICATIONS 42,574 42,574 9 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) 417,741 417,741 10 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88 HERCULES) 151,657 151,657 11 JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE 174,779 174,779 12 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM 773,745 773,745 WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 14 PERSONAL DEFENSE WEAPON (ROLL) 4,869 4,869 15 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN (7.62MM) 3 3 17 MACHINE GUN, CAL .50 M2 ROLL 3 3 18 MORTAR SYSTEMS 8,353 8,353 19 LOCATION & AZIMUTH DETERMINATION SYSTEM (LADS 2,543 2,543 20 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE (GLM) 17,747 17,747 21 PRECISION SNIPER RIFLE 5,910 5,910 22 CARBINE 3 3 23 NEXT GENERATION SQUAD WEAPON 367,292 367,292 24 HANDGUN 34 34 MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 25 MK–19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS 5,531 5,531 26 M777 MODS 25,998 25,998 29 M119 MODIFICATIONS 12,823 12,823 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 31 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) 1,031 1,031 32 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (WOCV-WTCV) 135,591 135,591 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY 3,699,392 3,699,392 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 1 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES 84,090 84,090 2 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES 41,519 41,519 3 NEXT GENERATION SQUAD WEAPON AMMUNITION 205,889 205,889 4 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES 6,461 6,461 5 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES 50,002 50,002 6 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES 7,012 7,012 7 CTG, 25MM, ALL TYPES 24,246 24,246 8 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES 82,965 82,965 9 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES 150,540 150,540 10 CTG, 50MM, ALL TYPES 20,006 20,006 MORTAR AMMUNITION 11 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES 40,853 40,853 12 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES 51,282 51,282 13 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES 109,370 109,370 TANK AMMUNITION 14 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES 378,191 378,191 ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 15 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES 22,957 22,957 16 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES 171,657 171,657 17 PRECISION ARTILLERY MUNITIONS 71,426 71,426 18 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL 160,479 160,479 MINES 19 MINES & CLEARING CHARGES, ALL TYPES 56,032 56,032 20 CLOSE TERRAIN SHAPING OBSTACLE 15,303 15,303 21 MINE, AT, VOLCANO, ALL TYPES 501 501 ROCKETS 22 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES 833 833 23 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES 34,302 34,302 OTHER AMMUNITION 24 CAD/PAD, ALL TYPES 6,571 6,571 25 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES 21,682 21,682 26 GRENADES, ALL TYPES 32,623 32,623 27 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES 21,510 21,510 28 SIMULATORS, ALL TYPES 12,168 12,168 MISCELLANEOUS 30 AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES 4,085 4,085 32 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) 16,074 16,074 33 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT 3,283 3,283 34 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) 18,677 18,677 35 CLOSEOUT LIABILITIES 102 102 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 36 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 640,160 640,160 37 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION 135,649 132,749 Destruction of anti-personnel landmines –2,900 38 ARMS INITIATIVE 4,140 4,140 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 2,702,640 2,699,740 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 1 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: 26,132 26,132 2 SEMITRAILERS, TANKERS 59,602 59,602 3 HI MOB MULTI-PURP WHLD VEH (HMMWV) 5,265 5,265 4 GROUND MOBILITY VEHICLES (GMV) 34,407 78,507 Infantry squad vehicles 44,100 6 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE FAMILY OF VEHICLES 653,223 528,223 Joint Light Tactical Vehicle program reduction –125,000 7 TRUCK, DUMP, 20T (CCE) 19,086 19,086 8 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) 133,924 133,924 9 FAMILY OF COLD WEATHER ALL-TERRAIN VEHICLE (C 72,760 72,760 10 FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIP 36,726 36,726 11 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) 98,906 98,906 12 PLS ESP 80,256 80,256 13 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV 949 949 14 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS 2,747 2,747 15 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP 169,726 169,726 NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 16 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 3,875 3,875 17 NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER 10,792 10,792 COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 18 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM 127,479 127,479 19 TACTICAL NETWORK TECHNOLOGY MOD IN SVC 280,798 280,798 21 JCSE EQUIPMENT (USRDECOM) 5,504 5,504 COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 24 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS 87,058 87,058 25 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS 34,939 34,939 26 SHF TERM 43,897 43,897 27 ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING 235,272 235,272 28 EHF SATELLITE COMMUNICATION 16,028 16,028 30 GLOBAL BRDCST SVC—GBS 534 534 COMM—C3 SYSTEM 32 COE TACTICAL SERVER INFRASTRUCTURE (TSI) 61,772 61,772 COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 33 HANDHELD MANPACK SMALL FORM FIT (HMS) 704,118 698,118 Single Channel Data Radio –6,000 34 ARMY LINK 16 SYSTEMS 104,320 104,320 36 UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE 20,445 20,445 37 COTS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT 489,754 489,754 39 ARMY COMMUNICATIONS & ELECTRONICS 60,611 60,611 COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 40 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE-INTEL 15,512 15,512 42 MULTI-DOMAIN INTELLIGENCE 163,077 163,077 INFORMATION SECURITY 43 INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY PROGRAM-ISSP 337 337 44 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) 157,400 157,400 47 BIOMETRIC ENABLING CAPABILITY (BEC) 45 45 COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 49 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS 26,446 26,446 COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 50 INFORMATION SYSTEMS 75,505 75,505 51 EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM 15,956 15,956 52 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM 150,779 150,779 ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 56 JTT/CIBS-M 9,221 9,221 57 TERRESTRIAL LAYER SYSTEMS (TLS) 96,925 64,225 Terrestrial Layer System Brigade Combat Team realignment –32,700 59 DCGS-A-INTEL 4,122 4,122 61 TROJAN 39,344 39,344 62 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) 6,541 16,541 Prophet Enhanced Signals Processing kits 10,000 63 CI AND HUMINT INTELLIGENCE (HUMINT) CAPABILIT 3,899 3,899 64 BIOMETRIC TACTICAL COLLECTION DEVICES 2,089 2,089 ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 65 EW PLANNING & MANAGEMENT TOOLS (EWPMT) 26,327 26,327 66 AIR VIGILANCE (AV) 9,956 9,956 67 MULTI-FUNCTION ELECTRONIC WARFARE (MFEW) SYST 17,004 17,004 68 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAP. 13,225 13,225 69 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES 20,951 20,951 70 CI MODERNIZATION 260 260 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 71 SENTINEL MODS 180,253 180,253 72 NIGHT VISION DEVICES 377,443 176,943 Integrated Visual Augmentation System –200,500 73 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF 10,864 13,059 MPE Tech Refresh 2,195 74 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS 63,122 63,122 75 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) 207,352 207,352 76 ENHANCED PORTABLE INDUCTIVE ARTILLERY FUZE SE 2,971 2,971 77 FORWARD LOOKING INFRARED (IFLIR) 68,504 68,504 78 COUNTER SMALL UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM (C-SUAS) 280,086 345,586 Army cUAS radars—Army UFR 65,500 79 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) 184,610 184,610 80 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) 9,345 9,345 81 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 2,966 2,966 82 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM 4,660 4,660 83 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEMS MODIFICATIONS 6,098 6,098 84 COUNTERFIRE RADARS 21,250 21,250 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 85 ARMY COMMAND POST INTEGRATED INFRASTRUCTURE ( 20,039 20,039 86 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY 16,240 16,240 87 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS 80,011 80,011 88 IAMD BATTLE COMMAND SYSTEM 403,028 403,028 89 AIAMD FAMILY OF SYSTEMS (FOS) COMPONENTS 2,756 2,756 90 LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT (LCSS) 5,360 5,360 91 NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE 48,994 48,994 92 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY (GCSS-A) 4,103 4,103 93 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPP 6,512 6,512 94 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) 5,017 5,017 ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 95 ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION 10,065 10,065 96 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP 78,613 78,613 97 ACCESSIONS INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT (AIE) 1,303 1,303 99 HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PGM (HPCMP) 76,327 76,327 100 CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM 1,667 1,667 101 CSS COMMUNICATIONS 60,850 60,850 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 1,817 1,817 CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 104 BASE DEFENSE SYSTEMS (BDS) 32,879 32,879 105 CBRN DEFENSE 57,408 57,408 BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 107 TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT-RIBBON 97,231 97,231 ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 111 ROBOTICS AND APPLIQUE SYSTEMS 62,469 62,469 112 RENDER SAFE SETS KITS OUTFITS 16,440 16,440 113 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS 1,922 1,922 COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 114 HEATERS AND ECU'S 14,355 14,355 115 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) 6,503 6,503 116 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM 141,613 141,613 117 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER 23,129 23,129 118 FORCE PROVIDER 9,569 9,569 119 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM 46,312 46,312 120 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS 9,217 9,217 PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 122 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT 2,879 2,879 123 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER 57,050 57,050 MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 124 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL 72,157 72,157 MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 125 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS 26,271 26,271 CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 127 ALL TERRAIN CRANES 114 15,114 Family of All Terrain Cranes Type I 15,000 128 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) 31,663 31,663 130 CONST EQUIP ESP 8,925 8,925 RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 131 ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP 55,459 55,459 132 MANEUVER SUPPORT VESSEL (MSV) 66,634 66,634 133 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (FLOAT/RAIL) 20,036 20,036 GENERATORS 134 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP 81,540 81,540 135 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION 12,051 12,051 MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 136 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS 7,849 7,849 TRAINING EQUIPMENT 137 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT 40,686 40,686 138 TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM 174,890 174,890 139 SYNTHETIC TRAINING ENVIRONMENT (STE) 218,183 218,183 140 GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING 10,172 10,172 TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 141 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) 48,329 48,329 142 TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) 46,128 46,128 OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 143 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) 138,459 138,459 144 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT 29,968 29,968 145 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) 42,487 42,487 146 BUILDING, PRE-FAB, RELOCATABLE 26,980 26,980 147 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR TEST AND EVALUATION 90,705 90,705 OPA2 149 INITIAL SPARES—C&E 9,810 9,810 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY 8,616,524 8,389,119 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY COMBAT AIRCRAFT 1 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET 28,554 28,554 2 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV 1,895,033 1,895,033 3 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV 196,634 196,634 4 JSF STOVL 2,078,225 2,078,225 5 JSF STOVL 169,389 169,389 6 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) 2,068,657 2,318,657 Two additional CH–53K aircraft—USMC UFR 250,000 7 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) 422,972 422,972 8 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) 60,175 60,175 9 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) 8,701 8,701 10 P–8A POSEIDON 12,424 12,424 11 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE 197,669 77,679 E–2D Advanced Hawkeye reduction –119,990 TRAINER AIRCRAFT 12 MULTI-ENGINE TRAINING SYSTEM (METS) 301,303 301,303 OTHER AIRCRAFT 14 KC–130J 33,406 33,406 16 MQ–4 TRITON 159,226 159,226 20 MQ–25 504,683 504,683 21 MQ–25 51,344 51,344 22 MARINE GROUP 5 UAS 19,081 19,081 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 23 F–18 A-D UNIQUE 92,765 92,765 24 F–18E/F AND EA–18G MODERNIZATION AND SUSTAINM 566,727 566,727 25 MARINE GROUP 5 UAS SERIES 112,672 112,672 26 AEA SYSTEMS 17,460 17,460 27 AV–8 SERIES 3,584 3,584 28 INFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK (IRST) 146,876 146,876 29 ADVERSARY 49,724 49,724 30 F–18 SERIES 680,613 680,613 31 H–53 SERIES 107,247 107,247 32 MH–60 SERIES 108,072 108,072 33 H–1 SERIES 153,006 153,006 35 E–2 SERIES 148,060 148,060 36 TRAINER A/C SERIES 12,415 12,415 37 C–130 SERIES 188,119 188,119 38 FEWSG 663 663 39 CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES 13,162 13,162 40 E–6 SERIES 142,368 185,268 Accelerate Fund NC3 Recapitalization and New Transmission Pathways—Navy UFR 42,900 41 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES 69,495 69,495 42 T–45 SERIES 158,800 158,800 43 POWER PLANT CHANGES 16,806 16,806 44 JPATS SERIES 24,157 24,157 45 AVIATION LIFE SUPPORT MODS 3,964 3,964 46 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT 52,791 52,791 47 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES 139,113 139,113 48 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM 10,687 10,687 49 ID SYSTEMS 7,020 7,020 50 P–8 SERIES 307,202 307,202 51 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION 25,597 25,597 53 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY 235,062 325,062 Osprey Drive System Safety and Health Information (ODSSHI) 90,000 54 NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) 453,226 453,226 55 F–35 STOVL SERIES 282,987 282,987 56 F–35 CV SERIES 183,924 183,924 57 QRC 26,957 26,957 58 MQ–4 SERIES 122,044 122,044 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 63 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 2,094,242 2,094,242 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 64 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT 572,806 572,806 65 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 105,634 105,634 66 WAR CONSUMABLES 43,604 43,604 67 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 73,307 73,307 68 SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 456,816 456,816 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 16,217,250 16,480,160 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 2 TRIDENT II MODS 1,793,867 1,793,867 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 3 MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 8,133 8,133 STRATEGIC MISSILES 4 TOMAHAWK 32,677 67,677 FY25 Tomahawk obsolescence fixes 35,000 TACTICAL MISSILES 5 AMRAAM 279,626 279,626 6 SIDEWINDER 86,023 86,023 7 STANDARD MISSILE 627,386 1,000,025 Restore SM–3 IB production 372,639 8 STANDARD MISSILE 127,830 127,830 9 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II 76,108 76,108 10 RAM 141,021 141,021 11 JOINT AIR GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) 76,838 76,838 13 AERIAL TARGETS 182,463 182,463 14 OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT 3,411 3,411 15 LRASM 326,435 326,435 16 NAVAL STRIKE MISSILE (NSM) 24,882 90,982 NSM production increase (+21) 66,100 17 NAVAL STRIKE MISSILE (NSM) 4,412 4,412 MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 18 TOMAHAWK MODS 317,839 317,839 19 ESSM 652,391 652,391 20 AARGM-ER 213,988 213,988 21 AARGM-ER 34,604 34,604 22 STANDARD MISSILES MODS 75,667 75,667 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 23 WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 1,490 201,490 JPAC supplier base investments 100,000 Munitions supplier base program (MCEIP) SRMs, ball bearings, PCBs, etc 100,000 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 26 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 351,488 351,488 TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 27 SSTD 4,317 4,317 28 MK–48 TORPEDO 333,147 451,147 Accelerate Mk–48 Heavy Weight Torpedo (HWT) Procurement (+41)—Navy UFR 118,000 29 ASW TARGETS 30,476 30,476 MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 30 MK–54 TORPEDO MODS 106,249 198,549 Mk54 production increase 92,300 31 MK–48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS 17,363 17,363 32 MARITIME MINES 100,065 100,065 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 33 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 151,809 151,809 34 ASW RANGE SUPPORT 4,039 4,039 DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 35 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 5,669 5,669 GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 36 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS 12,513 12,513 MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 37 CIWS MODS 4,266 4,266 38 COAST GUARD WEAPONS 54,794 54,794 39 GUN MOUNT MODS 82,246 82,246 40 LCS MODULE WEAPONS 2,463 2,463 41 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS 11,635 11,635 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 43 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 240,697 243,697 Accelerate Mk–48 Heavy Weight Torpedo (HWT) Procurement (+41) 3,000 TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 6,600,327 7,487,366 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC NAVY AMMUNITION 1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS 33,161 33,161 2 JDAM 75,134 75,134 3 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES 58,197 123,197 FY25 Hydra 70 minimum sustained rate production 65,000 4 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION 12,501 12,501 5 PRACTICE BOMBS 56,745 71,145 Additional EM-T USMC ground-based fires training rounds 14,400 6 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES 73,782 73,782 7 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES 75,416 75,416 8 JATOS 7,407 7,407 9 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION 29,990 29,990 10 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION 40,089 40,089 11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION 41,223 41,223 12 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO 47,269 47,269 13 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION 9,703 9,703 15 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION 1,703 1,703 16 EXPEDITIONARY LOITERING MUNITIONS 588,005 588,005 MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 17 MORTARS 127,726 127,726 18 DIRECT SUPPORT MUNITIONS 43,769 43,769 19 INFANTRY WEAPONS AMMUNITION 266,277 266,277 20 COMBAT SUPPORT MUNITIONS 21,726 21,726 21 AMMO MODERNIZATION 18,211 18,211 22 ARTILLERY MUNITIONS 114,684 114,684 23 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION 5,165 5,165 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 1,747,883 1,827,283 SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE SHIPS 1 COLUMBIA CLASS SUBMARINE 3,341,235 3,341,235 2 COLUMBIA CLASS SUBMARINE 6,215,939 6,215,939 OTHER WARSHIPS 3 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM 1,186,873 1,261,873 Aircraft carrier industrial base 75,000 4 CVN–81 721,045 896,045 CVN–82 AP 175,000 5 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE 3,615,904 4,265,904 Build 2x Virginia-class SSNs per year 650,000 6 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE 3,720,303 4,200,303 Incremental funding for second ship 400,000 Submarine industrial base programs 80,000 7 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS 1,061,143 811,143 CVN refueling complex overhaul reduction –250,000 9 DDG 1000 61,100 61,100 10 DDG–51 759,563 759,563 10 DDG–51 923,808 923,808 10 DDG–51 4,725,819 6,155,819 3rd DDG in FY25 1,430,000 11 DDG–51 41,724 83,224 3rd DDG Advance Procurement for FY26 41,500 13 FFG-FRIGATE 1,170,442 1,220,442 Small surface combatant shipyard infrastructure and workforce development 50,000 AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 14 LPD FLIGHT II 1,561,963 2,561,963 FY25 Navy request to complete amphibious ship multi-ship buy 1,000,000 19 LHA REPLACEMENT 61,118 61,118 21 MEDIUM LANDING SHIP 268,068 30,068 Medium Landing Ship lead ship reduction –238,000 21A MEDIUM-SIZED LANDING VESSEL 0 238,000 Medium-sized landing vessel 238,000 AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 23 TAO FLEET OILER 0 398,000 AP for T-AO Fleet Oiler 398,000 24 TOWING, SALVAGE, AND RESCUE SHIP (ATS) 0 60,000 Acceleration of T-ATS (+1 ship) 60,000 26 LCU 1700 0 95,000 LCU second shipyard 95,000 27 OUTFITTING 674,600 674,600 29 SERVICE CRAFT 11,426 11,426 30 AUXILIARY PERSONNEL LIGHTER 76,168 76,168 31 LCAC SLEP 45,087 45,087 32 AUXILIARY VESSELS (USED SEALIFT) 204,939 204,939 33 COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS 1,930,024 1,930,024 DDG–51 cost to complete reduction –225,000 SCN cost to complete increase 225,000 TOTAL SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY 32,378,291 36,582,791 OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 1 SURFACE POWER EQUIPMENT 20,840 20,840 GENERATORS 2 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E 82,937 82,937 NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 3 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 102,288 102,288 OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 4 SUB PERISCOPE, IMAGING AND SUPT EQUIP PROG 294,625 294,625 5 DDG MOD 861,066 861,066 6 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT 38,521 38,521 7 COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD 2,402 2,402 8 LHA/LHD MIDLIFE 81,602 81,602 9 LCC 19/20 EXTENDED SERVICE LIFE PROGRAM 7,352 7,352 10 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT 23,440 23,440 11 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 293,766 293,766 12 VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 43,565 43,565 13 LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 7,318 7,318 14 SUBMARINE BATTERIES 30,470 30,470 15 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 38,115 38,115 16 DDG 1000 CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 407,468 407,468 17 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP 53,931 53,931 18 DSSP EQUIPMENT 4,586 4,586 20 LCAC 11,013 11,013 21 UNDERWATER EOD EQUIPMENT 16,650 16,650 22 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION 66,351 66,351 23 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS 3,254 3,254 REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 24 SHIP MAINTENANCE, REPAIR AND MODERNIZATION 2,392,190 2,392,190 26 REACTOR COMPONENTS 445,974 445,974 OCEAN ENGINEERING 27 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT 17,499 17,499 SMALL BOATS 28 STANDARD BOATS 400,892 400,892 PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 29 OPERATING FORCES IPE 237,036 237,036 OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 30 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT 56,105 56,105 31 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES 118,247 118,247 33 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES 11,101 11,101 34 LCS IN-SERVICE MODERNIZATION 205,571 205,571 35 SMALL & MEDIUM UUV 48,780 60,680 Accelerate Subsea and Seabed Warfare (SSW) ROV—Navy UFR 11,900 LOGISTIC SUPPORT 36 LSD MIDLIFE & MODERNIZATION 56,667 56,667 SHIP SONARS 37 SPQ–9B RADAR 7,402 7,402 38 AN/SQQ–89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM 134,637 134,637 39 SSN ACOUSTIC EQUIPMENT 502,115 502,115 40 UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 16,731 16,731 ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 41 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM 55,484 55,484 42 SSTD 9,647 9,647 43 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM 405,854 428,854 Persistent Targeting for Undersea 23,000 44 SURTASS 45,975 45,975 ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 45 AN/SLQ–32 184,349 184,349 RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 46 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT 362,099 362,099 47 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) 4,680 4,680 OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 48 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY 26,644 26,644 49 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) 13,614 13,614 50 ATDLS 68,458 68,458 51 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) 3,645 3,645 52 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT 16,812 16,812 53 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) 41,458 41,458 54 AMERICAN FORCES RADIO AND TV SERVICE 3,803 3,803 AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 56 ASHORE ATC EQUIPMENT 90,586 90,586 57 AFLOAT ATC EQUIPMENT 75,508 75,508 58 ID SYSTEMS 59,602 59,602 59 JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEM ( 7,287 7,287 60 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS 46,106 46,106 OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 61 MARITIME INTEGRATED BROADCAST SYSTEM 7,809 7,809 62 TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS 65,113 65,113 63 DCGS-N 16,946 16,946 64 CANES 440,207 440,207 65 RADIAC 38,688 38,688 66 CANES-INTELL 50,654 50,654 67 GPETE 32,005 32,005 68 MASF 24,361 24,361 69 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY 6,709 6,709 70 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION 4,081 4,081 72 IN-SERVICE RADARS AND SENSORS 228,910 228,910 SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 73 BATTLE FORCE TACTICAL NETWORK 104,119 104,119 74 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS 24,602 24,602 75 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION 103,546 105,046 Accelerate Fund NC3 Recapitalization and New Transmission Pathways—Navy UFR 1,500 76 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M 9,209 9,209 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 77 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT 136,846 147,546 Accelerate Fund NC3 Recapitalization and New Transmission Pathways—Navy UFR 10,700 78 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT 68,334 73,834 Accelerate Fund NC3 Recapitalization and New Transmission Pathways—Navy UFR 5,500 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 79 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS 59,745 59,745 80 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) 163,071 163,071 SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 81 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) 4,551 4,551 CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 82 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) 162,008 162,008 83 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM 1,100 1,100 CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 84 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP 15,506 15,506 OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 95 COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT 58,213 58,213 SONOBUOYS 97 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES 323,441 323,441 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 98 MINOTAUR 5,431 5,431 99 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 138,062 138,062 100 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 121,108 121,108 101 ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) 2,244 2,244 102 ELECTROMAGNETIC AIRCRAFT LAUNCH SYSTEM (EMALS 14,702 14,702 103 METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT 17,982 17,982 104 AIRBORNE MCM 10,643 10,643 106 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 110,993 110,993 107 UMCS-UNMAN CARRIER AVIATION(UCA)MISSION CNTRL 130,050 130,050 SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 109 SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 6,416 6,416 SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 110 HARPOON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 226 226 111 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 381,473 381,473 112 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 98,921 98,921 FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 113 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP 325,236 325,236 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 114 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS 157,609 157,609 115 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 25,362 25,362 OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 116 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP 26,725 26,725 117 DIRECTED ENERGY SYSTEMS 3,817 48,817 HELIOS Long Lead Procurement 45,000 118 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION 3,193 3,193 OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 119 ANTI-SHIP MISSILE DECOY SYSTEM 95,557 97,257 Accelerate Long Endurance Electronic Decoy (LEED)—Navy UFR 1,700 120 SUBMARINE TRAINING DEVICE MODS 80,248 80,248 121 SURFACE TRAINING EQUIPMENT 179,974 179,974 CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 122 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 3,751 3,751 123 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS 5,795 5,795 124 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP 80,260 80,260 125 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 26,199 26,199 126 TACTICAL VEHICLES 50,878 50,878 127 AMPHIBIOUS EQUIPMENT 6,454 6,454 128 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT 3,924 3,924 129 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION 103,014 103,014 130 PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES 1,301 1,301 SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 131 SUPPLY EQUIPMENT 56,585 56,585 132 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 5,863 5,863 133 SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS 954,467 954,467 TRAINING DEVICES 134 TRAINING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 5,341 5,341 135 TRAINING AND EDUCATION EQUIPMENT 75,626 75,626 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 136 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 29,698 29,698 137 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 10,122 10,122 139 NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 6,590 6,590 140 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 17,056 17,056 141 C4ISR EQUIPMENT 33,606 33,606 142 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 47,499 47,499 143 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT 129,484 129,484 144 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 42,026 42,026 OTHER 149 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE 130,100 130,100 150 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES 2,195 2,195 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 16,134 16,134 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 152 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 705,144 705,144 153 VIRGINIA CLASS (VACL) SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 578,277 578,277 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 15,877,253 15,976,553 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 1 AAV7A1 PIP 2,773 2,773 2 AMPHIBIOUS COMBAT VEHICLE FAMILY OF VEHICLES 810,276 810,276 3 LAV PIP 761 761 ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 4 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER 1,823 1,823 5 ARTILLERY WEAPONS SYSTEM 139,477 139,477 6 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION 18,481 25,631 Marine Corps realignment—reducible height gunner protection kits 7,150 GUIDED MISSILES 7 TOMAHAWK 115,232 115,232 8 NAVAL STRIKE MISSILE (NSM) 144,682 144,682 9 NAVAL STRIKE MISSILE (NSM) 30,087 30,087 10 GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE 369,296 369,296 11 ANTI-ARMOR MISSILE-JAVELIN 61,563 61,563 12 FAMILY ANTI-ARMOR WEAPON SYSTEMS (FOAAWS) 9,521 9,521 13 ANTI-ARMOR MISSILE-TOW 1,868 1,868 14 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) 1,584 1,584 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 15 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (C 84,764 84,764 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 16 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 71,023 81,023 Goalkeeper Long Lead 10,000 OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 17 MODIFICATION KITS 1,559 1,559 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 18 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) 221,212 221,212 19 AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS 20,385 20,385 RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 20 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) 71,941 71,941 INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 21 ELECTRO MAGNETIC SPECTRUM OPERATIONS (EMSO) 182,465 0 Marine Corps realignment –182,465 22 GCSS-MC 3,282 3,282 23 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM 56,710 56,710 24 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 128,804 128,804 26 UNMANNED AIR SYSTEMS (INTEL) 59,077 59,077 27 DCGS-MC 81,507 81,507 28 UAS PAYLOADS 17,232 17,232 OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 31 EXPEDITIONARY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 15,042 15,042 32 MARINE CORPS ENTERPRISE NETWORK (MCEN) 283,983 303,983 Expansion of secure 5G Open RAN 20,000 33 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES 25,793 25,793 34 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS 59,113 59,113 35 RADIO SYSTEMS 258,818 258,818 36 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS 39,390 39,390 37 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT 21,015 21,015 38 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES 19,245 19,245 40 UNMANNED EXPEDITIONARY SYSTEMS 16,305 16,305 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 3,266 3,266 ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 42 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES 26,800 26,800 TACTICAL VEHICLES 43 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS 17,304 17,304 44 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE 340,542 238,842 Joint Light Tactical Vehicle reduction –101,700 45 TRAILERS 27,440 27,440 ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 46 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS 29,252 29,252 47 POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED 23,411 23,411 48 AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 11,366 11,366 49 EOD SYSTEMS 30,166 30,166 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 50 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT 56,749 56,749 GENERAL PROPERTY 51 FIELD MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 23,651 35,651 Medical Equipment Modernization—USMC UFR 12,000 52 TRAINING DEVICES 105,448 105,448 53 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 29,168 29,168 54 ULTRA-LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (ULTV) 17,954 17,954 OTHER SUPPORT 55 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION 26,508 26,508 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 56 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 28,749 28,749 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 4,243,863 4,008,848 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE STRATEGIC OFFENSIVE 1 B–21 RAIDER 1,956,668 2,158,168 Program increase 201,500 2 B–21 RAIDER 721,600 721,600 TACTICAL FORCES 3 F–35 4,474,156 4,474,156 4 F–35 482,584 482,584 5 F–15EX 1,808,472 2,498,472 Procure 6 x F–15 EX Aircraft—NGB UFR 690,000 TACTICAL AIRLIFT 7 KC–46A MDAP 2,854,748 2,854,748 OTHER AIRLIFT 8 C–130J 2,405 292,405 Additional LC–130J 290,000 UPT TRAINERS 10 ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING T–7A 235,207 235,207 HELICOPTERS 11 MH–139A 294,095 294,095 12 COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER 162,685 372,685 Additional HH–60W procurement 210,000 MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 13 C–40 FLEET EXPANSION 328,689 9,989 C–40 Fleet Expansion reductions –318,700 14 CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C 3,086 3,086 OTHER AIRCRAFT 16 TARGET DRONES 37,581 37,581 17 ULTRA 35,274 35,274 21 RQ–20B PUMA 11,283 11,283 21A E–7 0 400,000 E–7 acceleration 400,000 STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 22 B–2A 63,932 63,932 23 B–1B 13,406 13,406 24 B–52 194,832 89,332 B–52 modification to nuclear-capable 4,500 B–52 radar modernization reduction –110,000 25 LARGE AIRCRAFT INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES 52,117 52,117 TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 27 E–11 BACN/HAG 82,939 82,939 28 F–15 45,829 172,127 Prevent retirement of F–15Es 126,298 29 F–16 217,235 217,235 30 F–22A 861,125 861,125 31 F–35 MODIFICATIONS 549,657 549,657 32 F–15 EPAW 271,970 271,970 33 KC–46A MDAP 24,954 24,954 AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 34 C–5 45,445 45,445 35 C–17A 103,306 103,306 36 C–32A 6,422 6,422 37 C–37A 9,146 9,146 TRAINER AIRCRAFT 38 GLIDER MODS 2,679 2,679 39 T–6 130,281 130,281 40 T–1 2,205 2,205 41 T–38 115,486 115,486 OTHER AIRCRAFT 43 U–2 MODS 69,806 69,806 47 VC–25A MOD 11,388 11,388 48 C–40 7,114 7,114 49 C–130 102,519 102,519 50 C–130J MODS 206,904 206,904 51 C–135 146,564 146,564 52 COMPASS CALL 94,654 94,654 54 RC–135 222,966 222,966 55 E–3 68,192 68,192 56 E–4 28,728 28,728 57 H–1 2,097 2,097 58 MH–139A MOD 5,010 5,010 59 H–60 2,035 2,035 60 HH60W MODIFICATIONS 28,911 28,911 62 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS 213,284 213,284 63 OTHER AIRCRAFT 55,122 55,122 64 OTHER AIRCRAFT 5,216 5,216 65 MQ–9 MODS 12,351 12,351 66 SENIOR LEADER C3 SYSTEM—AIRCRAFT 25,001 25,001 67 CV–22 MODS 42,795 42,795 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 68 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS 936,212 1,034,531 C–40 Fleet Expansion reductions –10,000 Fighter Force Re-Optimization (+208 PMAI a/c)—AF UFR 108,319 COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 69 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP 162,813 198,694 Fighter Force Re-Optimization (+208 PMAI a/c)—AF UFR 35,881 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 70 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 15,031 15,031 72 B–2A 1,885 1,885 73 B–2B 15,709 15,709 76 CV–22 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 12,025 12,025 79 F–16 11,501 11,501 80 F–16 867 867 82 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS 18,604 18,604 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 85 INDUSTRIAL RESPONSIVENESS 20,004 20,004 WAR CONSUMABLES 86 WAR CONSUMABLES 25,908 25,908 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 87 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 1,006,272 1,504,872 Classified adjustment 498,600 92 F–15EX 40,084 40,084 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 16,359 16,359 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 19,835,430 21,961,828 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT—BALLISTIC 1 MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQ-BALLISTIC 37,333 37,333 BALLISTIC MISSILES 3 MK21A REENTRY VEHICLE 26,156 26,156 STRATEGIC TACTICAL 4 LONG RANGE STAND-OFF WEAPON 70,335 70,335 5 LONG RANGE STAND-OFF WEAPON 140,000 140,000 6 REPLAC EQUIP & WAR CONSUMABLES 6,533 6,533 7 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE 825,051 1,161,451 JASSM max production (+260) 336,400 9 JOINT STRIKE MISSILE 165,909 259,909 FY25 JSM max executable production (+34)—INDOPACOM UFR 94,000 10 LRASM0 354,100 609,100 FY25 LRASM/JASSM sub-tier supplier expansion 150,000 LRASM max production (+35)—INDOPACOM UFR 105,000 12 SIDEWINDER (AIM–9X) 107,101 107,101 13 AMRAAM 447,373 497,373 AIM–120D AMRAAM for D3 DMS 50,000 16 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB 42,257 102,257 SDB I 60,000 17 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II 328,382 431,859 SDB II—Marine Corps UFR 103,477 18 STAND-IN ATTACK WEAPON (SIAW) 173,421 173,421 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 19 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS/POL PREVENTION 913 200,913 JPAC supplier base investments 100,000 Munitions supplier base program (MCEIP) SRMs, ball bearings, PCBs, etc 100,000 CLASS IV 20 ICBM FUZE MOD 104,039 104,039 21 ICBM FUZE MOD 40,336 40,336 22 MM III MODIFICATIONS 24,212 24,212 23 AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) 34,019 34,019 MISSILE SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 24 MSL SPRS/REPAIR PARTS (INITIAL) 6,956 6,956 25 MSL SPRS/REPAIR PARTS (REPLEN) 103,543 103,543 SPECIAL PROGRAMS 28 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS 628,436 628,436 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 707,204 707,204 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 4,373,609 5,472,486 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE CARTRIDGES 2 CARTRIDGES 123,034 123,034 BOMBS 3 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS 144,725 144,725 4 MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) 8,566 8,566 5 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION 125,268 232,601 JDAM increase 107,333 7 B61–12 TRAINER 11,665 11,665 OTHER ITEMS 8 CAD/PAD 40,487 40,487 9 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) 7,076 7,076 10 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 617 617 11 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 2,894 2,894 12 ITEMS LESS THAN $5,000,000 5,399 5,399 FLARES 13 EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES 99,769 99,769 FUZES 14 FUZES 114,664 114,664 SMALL ARMS 15 SMALL ARMS 25,311 25,311 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 709,475 816,808 PROCUREMENT, SPACE FORCE SPACE PROCUREMENT, SF 1 AF SATELLITE COMM SYSTEM 65,656 65,656 3 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS 4,277 4,277 4 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS 17,264 17,264 5 FABT FORCE ELEMENT TERMINAL 234,655 234,655 6 WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES(SPACE) 10,020 10,020 7 GENERAL INFORMATION TECH—SPACE 2,189 2,189 8 GPSIII FOLLOW ON 647,165 647,165 9 GPS III SPACE SEGMENT 68,205 68,205 10 GLOBAL POSTIONING (SPACE) 835 835 14 SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COMSEC) 83,829 83,829 15 MILSATCOM 37,684 37,684 17 SPECIAL SPACE ACTIVITIES 658,007 658,007 18 MOBILE USER OBJECTIVE SYSTEM 51,601 51,601 19 NATIONAL SECURITY SPACE LAUNCH 1,847,486 1,847,486 21 PTES HUB 56,148 56,148 23 SPACE DEVELOPMENT AGENCY LAUNCH 357,178 357,178 24 SPACE MODS 48,152 48,152 25 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE 63,798 63,798 SPARES 26 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 722 722 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 27 USSF REPLACEMENT VEHICLES 4,919 4,919 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 28 POWER CONDITIONING EQUIPMENT 3,189 12,576 UPS Resiliency—Space Force UFR 9,387 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, SPACE FORCE 4,262,979 4,272,366 OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 1 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 6,802 6,802 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 2 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE 4,526 4,526 3 CAP VEHICLES 1,151 1,151 4 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 41,605 55,605 Protection Level One Armored Utility Vehicles for intercontinental ballistic missile security mission 14,000 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 5 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE 69,546 69,546 6 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES 438 438 7 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 99,057 99,057 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 8 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES 57,234 57,234 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 9 MATERIALS HANDLING VEHICLES 22,949 22,949 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 10 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV AND CLEANING EQU 7,476 7,476 11 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES 91,001 91,001 COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 12 COMSEC EQUIPMENT 63,233 63,233 13 STRATEGIC MICROELECTRONIC SUPPLY SYSTEM 328,667 328,667 INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 14 INTERNATIONAL INTEL TECH & ARCHITECTURES 5,616 5,616 15 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT 5,146 5,146 16 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT 36,449 36,449 ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 17 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS 45,820 45,820 18 NATIONAL AIRSPACE SYSTEM 13,443 13,443 19 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM—FIXED 22,764 22,764 20 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMEN 73,412 73,412 21 3D EXPEDITIONARY LONG-RANGE RADAR 96,022 96,022 22 WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST 31,056 31,056 23 STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL 49,991 49,991 24 CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX 8,897 8,897 25 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS 18,474 18,474 27 STRATEGIC MISSION PLANNING & EXECUTION SYSTEM 7,376 7,376 SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 28 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 161,928 161,928 29 AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYS 1,946 1,946 30 BATTLEFIELD AIRBORNE CONTROL NODE (BACN) 5 5 31 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL 11,435 11,435 32 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM 254,106 354,106 Counter uncrewed systems for Africa Command 100,000 33 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES 290,877 290,877 34 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N 60,639 60,639 35 WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE (WAS) 13,945 13,945 36 C3 COUNTERMEASURES 100,594 100,594 37 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING & MGT SYS 1,236 1,236 39 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM 433 433 40 AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) 21,175 21,175 AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 41 BASE INFORMATION TRANSPT INFRAST (BITI) WIRED 201,670 201,670 42 AFNET 69,807 69,807 43 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) 5,821 5,821 44 USCENTCOM 19,498 19,498 45 USSTRATCOM 4,797 4,797 46 USSPACECOM 79,783 106,856 Consolidated Space Operations Facility (CSOF) Procurement—SPACECOM UFR 27,073 ORGANIZATION AND BASE 47 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT 139,153 139,153 48 COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATER 2,222 2,222 49 RADIO EQUIPMENT 53,568 53,568 50 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE 60,744 60,744 MODIFICATIONS 51 COMM ELECT MODS 73,147 73,147 PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 52 PERSONAL SAFETY AND RESCUE EQUIPMENT 109,562 109,562 DEPOT PLANT+MTRLS HANDLING EQ 53 POWER CONDITIONING EQUIPMENT 13,443 13,443 54 MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIP 20,459 20,459 BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 55 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT 79,854 79,854 56 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT 203,531 203,531 57 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT 112,280 112,280 58 FUELS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT (FSE) 24,563 24,563 59 BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 54,455 58,205 Fighter Force Re-Optimization (+208 PMAI a/c)—AF UFR 3,750 SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 61 DARP RC135 29,524 29,524 62 DCGS-AF 59,504 59,504 64 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM 1,269,904 1,397,304 Classified adjustment 127,400 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 25,476,312 25,476,312 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 65 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS (CYBER) 1,056 1,056 66 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 7,637 7,637 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 30,298,764 30,570,987 PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCSA 25 MAJOR EQUIPMENT 2,191 2,191 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 38 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION 3,717 3,717 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 8 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY 25,392 25,392 9 TELEPORT PROGRAM 27,451 27,451 11 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION 25,499 25,499 12 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEM NETWORK 68,786 68,786 13 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY 116,320 116,320 14 SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE 54,278 54,278 15 JOINT REGIONAL SECURITY STACKS (JRSS) 17,213 17,213 16 JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER 50,462 50,462 17 FOURTH ESTATE NETWORK OPTIMIZATION (4ENO) 24,482 24,482 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 24 MAJOR EQUIPMENT 53,777 53,777 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 45 MAJOR EQUIPMENT 7,332 7,332 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 44 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS 1,360 1,360 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DPAA 1 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DPAA 518 518 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 41 VEHICLES 2,754 2,754 42 OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT 8,783 8,783 43 DTRA CYBER ACTIVITIES 3,429 3,429 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 27 THAAD 246,995 246,995 28 GROUND BASED MIDCOURSE 20,796 20,796 29 AEGIS BMD 85,000 85,000 30 BMDS AN/TPY–2 RADARS 57,130 233,230 AN/TPY–2 Antenna Equipment Unit (AEU)—MDA UFR 176,100 31 SM–3 IIAS 406,370 471,370 Expand SM–3 IIA production capacity to 36/yr 65,000 32 ARROW 3 UPPER TIER SYSTEMS 50,000 50,000 33 SHORT RANGE BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE (SRBMD) 40,000 40,000 34 DEFENSE OF GUAM PROCUREMENT 22,602 23,402 Guam Defense System (GDS) 800 36 IRON DOME 110,000 110,000 37 AEGIS BMD HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE 32,040 32,040 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 2 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 184,095 184,095 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 26 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 16,345 16,345 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 7 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 374 374 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, USCYBERCOM 46 CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS 69,066 69,066 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 599,781 599,781 AVIATION PROGRAMS 47 ARMED OVERWATCH/TARGETING 335,487 335,487 48 MANNED ISR 2,500 2,500 49 MC–12 400 400 50 ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT 220,301 243,074 MH–60M OCONUS aircraft loss mods and MEP—SOCOM UFR 22,773 51 UNMANNED ISR 41,717 41,717 52 NON-STANDARD AVIATION 7,942 7,942 53 U–28 5,259 5,259 54 MH–47 CHINOOK 157,413 157,413 55 CV–22 MODIFICATION 49,403 49,403 56 MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE 19,123 19,123 57 PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE 69,917 69,917 58 AC/MC–130J 300,892 300,892 SHIPBUILDING 60 UNDERWATER SYSTEMS 63,850 63,850 AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 61 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M 139,078 139,078 OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 62 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS 205,814 205,814 63 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS 3,918 3,918 64 OTHER ITEMS <$5M 79,015 79,015 65 COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS 66,455 73,455 Combatant Craft Assault 7,000 66 SPECIAL PROGRAMS 20,822 20,822 67 TACTICAL VEHICLES 53,016 53,016 68 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M 358,257 402,757 Counter Uncrewed Systems—SOCOM UFR 44,500 69 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS 4,988 4,988 70 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE 23,715 23,715 71 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS 317,092 327,837 Loitering Munition Accelerated Fielding and Reliability Testing Acceleration—SOCOM UFR 10,745 CBDP 72 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS 215,038 215,038 73 CB PROTECTION & HAZARD MITIGATION 211,001 211,001 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 5,406,751 5,733,669 TOTAL PROCUREMENT 166,380,672 176,365,737 XLII RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2025 Request Senate Authorized RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES 310,191 311,191 Modeling and simulation environments for weapons system innovation 1,000 2 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES 78,166 78,166 3 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS 109,726 109,726 4 0601121A CYBER COLLABORATIVE RESEARCH ALLIANCE 5,525 5,525 5 0601601A ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING BASIC RESEARCH 10,309 10,309 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH 513,917 514,917 APPLIED RESEARCH 6 0602002A ARMY AGILE INNOVATION AND DEVELOPMENT-APPLIED RESEARCH 8,032 8,032 7 0602134A COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT ADVANCED STUDIES 6,163 6,163 8 0602141A LETHALITY TECHNOLOGY 96,094 102,094 Advanced materials and manufacturing for hypersonic systems 6,000 9 0602142A ARMY APPLIED RESEARCH 0 0 10 0602143A SOLDIER LETHALITY TECHNOLOGY 102,236 116,736 Advanced textiles for extreme environments 5,000 Critical hybrid advanced materials processing 2,000 Pathfinder Air Assault program 2,500 Pathfinder Airborne program 5,000 11 0602144A GROUND TECHNOLOGY 66,707 73,707 Accelerated carbonization soil stabilization 5,000 Roadway assessment and repair technologies 1,000 Smart concrete materials 1,000 12 0602145A NEXT GENERATION COMBAT VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY 149,108 154,108 Lightweight autonomous vehicle prototype 5,000 13 0602146A NETWORK C3I TECHNOLOGY 84,576 84,576 14 0602147A LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES TECHNOLOGY 32,089 82,089 Biosynthesizing critical chemicals 50,000 15 0602148A FUTURE VERTICLE LIFT TECHNOLOGY 52,685 52,685 16 0602150A AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY 39,188 41,188 Counter-uncrewed aerial systems research 2,000 17 0602180A ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING TECHNOLOGIES 20,319 20,319 18 0602181A ALL DOMAIN CONVERGENCE APPLIED RESEARCH 12,269 12,269 19 0602182A C3I APPLIED RESEARCH 25,839 25,839 20 0602183A AIR PLATFORM APPLIED RESEARCH 53,206 53,206 21 0602184A SOLDIER APPLIED RESEARCH 21,069 21,069 22 0602213A C3I APPLIED CYBER 28,656 28,656 23 0602386A BIOTECHNOLOGY FOR MATERIALS—APPLIED RESEARCH 11,780 11,780 25 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY 19,795 19,795 26 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY 68,481 68,481 9999 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 35,766 35,766 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH 934,058 1,018,558 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 27 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 3,112 3,112 28 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 16,716 16,716 29 0603025A ARMY AGILE INNOVATION AND DEMONSTRATION 14,608 14,608 30 0603040A ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES 18,263 28,263 Distributed AI fusion for attritable uncrewed systems 10,000 31 0603041A ALL DOMAIN CONVERGENCE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 23,722 23,722 32 0603042A C3I ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 22,814 22,814 33 0603043A AIR PLATFORM ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 17,076 17,076 34 0603044A SOLDIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 10,133 10,133 35 0603116A LETHALITY ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 33,969 33,969 36 0603117A ARMY ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 0 0 37 0603118A SOLDIER LETHALITY ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 94,899 94,899 38 0603119A GROUND ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 45,880 52,880 Design and manufacturing of advanced composites 2,000 Renewable electric vehicle charging stations 5,000 39 0603134A COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT SIMULATION 21,398 21,398 40 0603386A BIOTECHNOLOGY FOR MATERIALS—ADVANCED RESEARCH 36,360 36,360 41 0603457A C3I CYBER ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT 19,616 19,616 42 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM 239,597 247,597 High performance computing modernization program 8,000 43 0603462A NEXT GENERATION COMBAT VEHICLE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 175,198 177,198 Silicone anode battery testing 2,000 44 0603463A NETWORK C3I ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 94,424 94,424 45 0603464A LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 164,943 249,943 PrSM Inc 4 1yr acceleration long-lead items 85,000 46 0603465A FUTURE VERTICAL LIFT ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 140,578 145,578 Army aviation cyber and electromagnetic protection 5,000 47 0603466A AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 28,333 28,333 49 0603920A HUMANITARIAN DEMINING 9,272 9,272 9999 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 155,526 155,526 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 1,386,437 1,503,437 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 51 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION 13,031 13,031 52 0603308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION 19,659 19,659 53 0603327A AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING 0 0 54 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV 58,617 58,617 55 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION 116,027 118,527 Large caliber automated ammunition resupply 2,500 56 0603645A ARMORED SYSTEM MODERNIZATION—ADV DEV 23,235 40,735 360 Helmet Mounted Display for the Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicle 17,500 57 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY 4,059 4,059 58 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV 90,265 90,265 59 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT 64,113 64,113 60 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL 34,091 34,091 61 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 4,184 4,184 62 0603801A AVIATION—ADV DEV 6,591 6,591 63 0603804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV 12,445 12,445 64 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV 582 582 65 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT 24,284 24,284 66 0604017A ROBOTICS DEVELOPMENT 3,039 3,039 67 0604019A EXPANDED MISSION AREA MISSILE (EMAM) 102,589 102,589 68 0604020A CROSS FUNCTIONAL TEAM (CFT) ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPING 63,831 63,831 69 0604035A LOW EARTH ORBIT (LEO) SATELLITE CAPABILITY 21,935 21,935 70 0604036A MULTI-DOMAIN SENSING SYSTEM (MDSS) ADV DEV 239,135 239,135 71 0604037A TACTICAL INTEL TARGETING ACCESS NODE (TITAN) ADV DEV 4,317 4,317 72 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES 11,234 11,234 73 0604101A SMALL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE (SUAV) (6.4) 1,800 1,800 74 0604103A ELECTRONIC WARFARE PLANNING AND MANAGEMENT TOOL (EWPMT) 2,004 2,004 75 0604113A FUTURE TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (FTUAS) 127,870 127,870 76 0604114A LOWER TIER AIR MISSILE DEFENSE (LTAMD) SENSOR 149,463 149,463 77 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES 252,000 262,000 Short pulse laser directed energy demonstration 10,000 78 0604117A MANEUVER—SHORT RANGE AIR DEFENSE (M-SHORAD) 315,772 315,772 79 0604119A ARMY ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPING 0 0 80 0604120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) 24,168 24,168 81 0604121A SYNTHETIC TRAINING ENVIRONMENT REFINEMENT & PROTOTYPING 136,029 136,029 82 0604134A COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT DEMONSTRATION, PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT, AND TESTING 17,341 17,341 83 0604135A STRATEGIC MID-RANGE FIRES 0 0 84 0604182A HYPERSONICS 0 0 85 0604386A BIOTECHNOLOGY FOR MATERIALS—DEM/VAL 20,862 20,862 86 0604403A FUTURE INTERCEPTOR 8,058 8,058 88 0604531A COUNTER—SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT 59,983 79,983 NGCM R&D acceleration (+1yr) 20,000 90 0604541A UNIFIED NETWORK TRANSPORT 31,837 31,837 91 0305251A CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT 2,270 2,270 9999 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 277,181 277,181 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 2,343,901 2,393,901 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 92 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONICS 7,171 7,171 93 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT 35,942 35,942 94 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS 52,586 52,586 95 0604604A MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLES 15,088 15,088 96 0604611A JAVELIN 10,405 39,505 Javelin R&D for fast launch 29,100 97 0604622A FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES 50,011 50,011 98 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL 982 982 99 0604641A TACTICAL UNMANNED GROUND VEHICLE (TUGV) 92,540 92,540 100 0604642A LIGHT TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLES 100,257 89,983 Electric Light Reconnaissance Vehicle reduction –10,274 101 0604645A ARMORED SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION (ASM)—ENG DEV 48,097 48,097 102 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV 89,259 89,259 103 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT 3,286 3,286 104 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV 28,427 28,427 105 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV 69,653 79,653 Family of Counter-sUAS System (FoCUS)—Army UFR 10,000 106 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 30,097 30,097 107 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT 12,927 12,927 108 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV 8,914 8,914 109 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION 26,352 26,352 110 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV 242,949 267,949 FY25 PGK development acceleration 25,000 111 0604804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV 41,829 41,829 112 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV 92,300 92,300 113 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV 7,143 7,143 114 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV 19,134 79,134 Joint All Domain Testing, Evaluation, and Training Center 60,000 115 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE 165,229 165,229 116 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT 76,090 76,090 117 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) 1,995 1,995 118 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL 29,132 29,132 119 0604852A SUITE OF SURVIVABILITY ENHANCEMENT SYSTEMS—EMD 77,864 77,864 120 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD 50,495 50,495 121 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 120,076 120,076 122 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) 126,354 126,354 123 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) 20,191 20,191 124 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) 31,214 31,214 125 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) 11,691 11,691 126 0605036A COMBATING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION (CWMD) 7,846 7,846 127 0605038A NUCLEAR BIOLOGICAL CHEMICAL RECONNAISSANCE VEHICLE (NBCRV) SENSOR SUITE 7,886 7,886 128 0605041A DEFENSIVE CYBER TOOL DEVELOPMENT 4,176 4,176 129 0605042A TACTICAL NETWORK RADIO SYSTEMS (LOW-TIER) 4,288 4,288 130 0605047A CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM 9,276 9,276 131 0605049A MISSILE WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION (MWSM) 0 0 132 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT 38,225 38,225 133 0605052A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2—BLOCK 1 167,912 167,912 134 0605053A GROUND ROBOTICS 28,378 28,378 135 0605054A EMERGING TECHNOLOGY INITIATIVES 164,734 172,734 Mobile-long range precision strike missile 8,000 136 0605143A BIOMETRICS ENABLING CAPABILITY (BEC) 0 0 137 0605144A NEXT GENERATION LOAD DEVICE—MEDIUM 2,931 2,931 138 0605148A TACTICAL INTEL TARGETING ACCESS NODE (TITAN) EMD 157,036 157,036 139 0605203A ARMY SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 0 0 140 0605205A SMALL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE (SUAV) (6.5) 37,876 37,876 141 0605206A CI AND HUMINT EQUIPMENT PROGRAM-ARMY (CIHEP-A) 1,296 1,296 142 0605216A JOINT TARGETING INTEGRATED COMMAND AND COORDINATION SUITE (JTIC2S) 28,553 28,553 143 0605224A MULTI-DOMAIN INTELLIGENCE 18,913 18,913 144 0605231A PRECISION STRIKE MISSILE (PRSM) 184,046 184,046 145 0605232A HYPERSONICS EMD 538,017 538,017 146 0605233A ACCESSIONS INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT (AIE) 32,265 32,265 147 0605235A STRATEGIC MID-RANGE CAPABILITY 182,823 182,823 148 0605236A INTEGRATED TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS 23,363 23,363 149 0605241A FUTURE LONG RANGE ASSAULT AIRCRAFT DEVELOPMENT 1,253,637 1,253,637 150 0605242A THEATER SIGINT SYSTEM (TSIGS) 6,660 6,660 151 0605244A JOINT REDUCED RANGE ROCKET (JR3) 13,565 13,565 152 0605247A SPECTRUM SITUATIONAL AWARENESS SYSTEM (S2AS) 9,330 9,330 153 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) 3,030 3,030 154 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) 602,045 602,045 155 0605531A COUNTER—SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS SYS DEV & DEMONSTRATION 59,563 64,063 Roadrunner-M—Army UFR 4,500 157 0605625A MANNED GROUND VEHICLE 504,841 504,841 158 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) 16,565 16,565 159 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT PHASE (EMD) 27,013 34,513 JLTV anti-idle systems 7,500 160 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 979 979 161 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 3,930 3,930 163 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT 131,096 163,796 Terrestrial Layer System Brigade Combat Team realignment 32,700 9999 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 83,136 83,136 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 6,150,910 6,317,436 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 164 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT 71,298 71,298 165 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 15,788 15,788 166 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT 78,613 78,613 167 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER 38,122 38,122 168 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL 321,755 371,755 USAG-Kwajalein Atoll Recap 50,000 169 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM 86,645 86,645 170 0605502A SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATIVE RESEARCH 0 0 171 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES 461,085 461,085 172 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS 75,591 75,591 173 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS 37,604 37,604 174 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION 2,201 2,201 175 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES 0 0 176 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS 27,420 27,420 177 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS 6,245 6,245 178 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING 76,088 76,088 179 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER 73,220 73,220 180 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG 11,257 11,257 181 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES 91,895 91,895 182 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES 32,385 32,385 183 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY 50,766 50,766 184 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT 1,659 1,659 185 0605898A ARMY DIRECT REPORT HEADQUARTERS—R&D - MHA 59,727 59,727 186 0606002A RONALD REAGAN BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST SITE 73,400 73,400 187 0606003A COUNTERINTEL AND HUMAN INTEL MODERNIZATION 4,574 4,574 188 0606942A ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES 10,105 10,105 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 1,707,443 1,757,443 OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 190 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM 14,188 14,188 191 0605024A ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT 7,489 7,489 192 0607101A COMBATING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION (CWMD) PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT 271 271 193 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS 9,363 15,363 Agile manufacturing for advanced armament systems 6,000 194 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM 25,000 25,000 195 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM 4,816 4,816 196 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM 67,029 67,029 197 0607142A AVIATION ROCKET SYSTEM PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT AND DEVELOPMENT 0 0 198 0607143A UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM UNIVERSAL PRODUCTS 24,539 24,539 199 0607145A APACHE FUTURE DEVELOPMENT 8,243 8,243 200 0607148A AN/TPQ–53 COUNTERFIRE TARGET ACQUISITION RADAR SYSTEM 53,652 53,652 201 0607150A INTEL CYBER DEVELOPMENT 9,753 9,753 202 0607312A ARMY OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 0 0 203 0607313A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT 5,559 5,559 204 0607315A ENDURING TURBINE ENGINES AND POWER SYSTEMS 2,620 2,620 206 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS 590 590 207 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT 168,458 168,458 208 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOCS) 27,582 27,582 209 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS 272,926 272,926 210 0203743A 155MM SELF-PROPELLED HOWITZER IMPROVEMENTS 55,205 55,205 211 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM 142 142 212 0203758A DIGITIZATION 1,562 1,562 213 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM 1,511 1,511 214 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS 23,708 33,708 Containerized weapon system 10,000 215 0205412A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV 269 269 216 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) 20,590 20,590 217 0208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM 0 0 220 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 0 0 221 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM 15,733 15,733 222 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM 2,566 2,566 223 0303142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) 26,643 26,643 226 0305179A INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) 5,701 5,701 227 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES 0 0 228 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS 0 0 229 0305219A MQ–1 GRAY EAGLE UAV 6,681 6,681 230 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES 67,187 73,187 Advanced isostatic pressure armor 6,000 9999 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 32,518 94,718 Iron Quest—Army UFR 12,200 Spectre—Army UFR 50,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 962,094 1,046,294 SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS 231 0608041A DEFENSIVE CYBER—SOFTWARE PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT 74,548 74,548 SUBTOTAL SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS 74,548 74,548 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 14,073,308 14,626,534 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES 94,259 99,259 Digital radar system development 5,000 2 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES 483,914 483,914 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH 578,173 583,173 APPLIED RESEARCH 3 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH 23,842 23,842 4 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH 120,716 125,716 Unmanned maritime systems digital manufacturing factory of the future 5,000 5 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY 53,758 53,758 6 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH 51,202 51,202 7 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH 76,379 82,379 Research on foreign malign influence operations 6,000 8 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH 91,441 91,441 9 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH 78,930 84,430 Resilient autonomous sensing in the Arctic 5,500 10 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH 7,719 7,719 11 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH 57,525 68,525 Geophysical sensing and characterization of the mine-hunting environment 1,000 Low-cost autonomous sensors for maritime dominance 10,000 12 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH 163,673 163,673 13 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH 31,460 32,460 Precision strike loitering munitions 1,000 14 0602792N INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) APPLIED RESEARCH 127,363 127,363 15 0602861N SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT—ONR FIELD ACITIVITIES 90,939 90,939 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH 974,947 1,003,447 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 16 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 31,556 31,556 17 0603271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 8,537 8,537 18 0603273N SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY FOR NUCLEAR RE-ENTRY SYSTEMS 118,624 118,624 19 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) 243,247 264,247 Innovative design and manufacturing for uncrewed systems 8,000 Long-range maneuvering projectiles 7,000 Marine Corps realignment—Autonomous Low Profile Vessel 6,000 20 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 16,188 16,188 21 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 262,869 262,869 22 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM 63,084 63,084 23 0603729N WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 5,105 5,105 24 0603758N NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS 97,615 97,615 25 0603782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 2,050 2,050 26 0603801N INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 131,288 131,288 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 980,163 1,001,163 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 27 0603128N UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM 99,940 99,940 28 0603178N LARGE UNMANNED SURFACE VEHICLES (LUSV) 53,964 53,964 29 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS 41,765 59,765 Autonomous surface and underwater dual-modality vehicles 18,000 30 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY 23,115 23,115 31 0603239N NAVAL CONSTRUCTION FORCES 7,866 7,866 32 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 20,033 20,033 33 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE 3,358 3,358 34 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY 2,051 2,051 35 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES 29,421 29,421 36 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE 4,790 4,790 37 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 5,659 5,659 38 0603525N PILOT FISH 1,007,324 1,007,324 39 0603527N RETRACT LARCH 0 0 40 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER 199,172 199,172 41 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL 801 801 42 0603553N SURFACE ASW 1,194 1,194 43 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 96,694 106,694 Advanced submarine hull coatings 10,000 44 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS 14,924 14,924 45 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN 110,800 110,800 46 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES 52,586 52,586 47 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS 368,002 368,002 48 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS 93,942 93,942 49 0603576N CHALK EAGLE 137,372 137,372 50 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) 9,132 9,132 51 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION 20,135 50,135 PAC–3–AEGIS integration 30,000 52 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT 189,631 189,631 53 0603596N LCS MISSION MODULES 28,801 28,801 54 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND RE-TEST (ATRT) 10,805 10,805 55 0603599N FRIGATE DEVELOPMENT 107,658 107,658 56 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS 8,950 8,950 57 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM 103,860 103,860 58 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT 47,339 47,339 59 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 15,587 15,587 60 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 23,258 23,258 61 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM 60,610 60,610 62 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT 9,067 9,067 63 0603734N CHALK CORAL 459,791 459,791 64 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY 6,059 6,059 65 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE 628,958 628,958 66 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA 346,553 346,553 67 0603751N RETRACT ELM 99,939 99,939 68 0603764M LINK EVERGREEN 460,721 460,721 69 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 5,151 5,151 70 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY 1,686 1,686 71 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING 30,263 30,263 72 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL 4,047 4,047 73 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS 9,877 9,877 74 0604014N F/A –18 INFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK (IRST) 8,630 8,630 75 0604027N DIGITAL WARFARE OFFICE 128,997 128,997 76 0604028N SMALL AND MEDIUM UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES 52,994 114,294 Accelerate Subsea and Seabed Warfare (SSW) ROV—Navy UFR 61,300 77 0604029N UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLE CORE TECHNOLOGIES 68,152 68,152 78 0604030N RAPID PROTOTYPING, EXPERIMENTATION AND DEMONSTRATION. 168,855 168,855 79 0604031N LARGE UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES 6,874 6,874 80 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) 96,670 96,670 81 0604126N LITTORAL AIRBORNE MCM 0 0 82 0604127N SURFACE MINE COUNTERMEASURES 15,271 15,271 83 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) 35,030 35,030 84 0604289M NEXT GENERATION LOGISTICS 8,114 63,114 At-sea VLS reloading development 55,000 85 0604292N FUTURE VERTICAL LIFT (MARITIME STRIKE) 4,796 4,796 86 0604295M MARINE AVIATION DEMONSTRATION/VALIDATION 62,317 62,317 87 0604320M RAPID TECHNOLOGY CAPABILITY PROTOTYPE 120,392 120,392 88 0604454N LX (R) 12,785 12,785 89 0604536N ADVANCED UNDERSEA PROTOTYPING 21,466 21,466 90 0604636N COUNTER UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS (C-UAS) 14,185 14,185 91 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM 5,667 257,667 Nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile 252,000 92 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT 8,896 8,896 93 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT 341,907 341,907 94 0605512N MEDIUM UNMANNED SURFACE VEHICLES (MUSVS)) 101,838 101,838 95 0605513N UNMANNED SURFACE VEHICLE ENABLING CAPABILITIES 92,868 92,868 96 0605514M GROUND BASED ANTI-SHIP MISSILE 50,916 50,916 97 0605516M LONG RANGE FIRES 30,092 30,092 98 0605518N CONVENTIONAL PROMPT STRIKE (CPS) 903,927 903,927 99 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP 7,253 7,253 100 0304240M ADVANCED TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM 3,504 3,504 101 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP 1,395 1,395 102 0304797N UNDERSEA ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE / MACHINE LEARNING (AI/ML) 28,563 28,563 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 7,465,005 7,891,305 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 103 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT 26,120 26,120 104 0604038N MARITIME TARGETING CELL 43,301 43,301 105 0604212M OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT 0 0 106 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT 0 0 107 0604214M AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV 5,320 5,320 108 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT 5,120 5,120 109 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT 60,438 60,438 110 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM 0 0 111 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM 108,432 108,432 112 0604231N COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 164,391 164,391 113 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE 301,384 301,384 114 0604245M H–1 UPGRADES 39,023 39,023 115 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS 53,591 53,591 116 0604262N V–22A 109,431 109,431 117 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 29,330 29,330 118 0604269N EA–18 223,266 223,266 119 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT 189,750 189,750 120 0604273M EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT 51,366 51,366 121 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) 86,721 86,721 122 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) 330,559 359,159 Accelerate Fund NC3 Recapitalization and New Transmission Pathways—Navy UFR 28,600 123 0604282N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) INCREMENT II 209,623 209,623 124 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING 528,234 528,234 125 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) 19,744 19,744 126 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS 468,297 468,297 127 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM 11,066 11,066 128 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING 41,419 41,419 129 0604419N ADVANCED SENSORS APPLICATION PROGRAM (ASAP) 0 0 130 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS 112,231 112,231 131 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION 97,953 97,953 132 0604504N AIR CONTROL 84,458 84,458 133 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS 10,742 10,742 134 0604518N COMBAT INFORMATION CENTER CONVERSION 10,621 10,621 135 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM 107,924 107,924 136 0604530N ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) 9,142 9,142 137 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN 273,848 273,848 138 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM 71,982 71,982 139 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E 13,675 13,675 140 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES 3,921 3,921 141 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT 79,411 101,811 Maritime mine development and fielding acceleration (HHEE Inc 1) 22,400 142 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT 137,265 137,265 143 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT 8,810 8,810 144 0604657M USMC GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV 33,880 33,880 145 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS 10,011 10,011 146 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS 1,516 1,516 147 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) 170,080 170,080 148 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) 74,214 99,214 HVP 5–inch cUAS round 25,000 149 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) 165,599 271,599 Accelerate Long Endurance Electronic Decoy (LEED)—Navy UFR 106,000 150 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING 23,810 23,810 151 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT 8,371 8,371 152 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM 44,326 44,326 153 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD 0 0 154 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD 0 0 155 0604850N SSN(X) 348,788 348,788 156 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 15,218 15,218 157 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 325,004 325,004 158 0605024N ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT 3,317 3,317 159 0605180N TACAMO MODERNIZATION 775,316 775,316 160 0605212M CH–53K RDTE 86,093 86,093 161 0605215N MISSION PLANNING 115,390 115,390 162 0605217N COMMON AVIONICS 87,053 87,053 163 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) 5,697 5,697 164 0605285N NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER 453,828 53,828 Program decrease –400,000 165 0605327N T-AO 205 CLASS 0 0 166 0605414N UNMANNED CARRIER AVIATION (UCA) 214,919 214,919 167 0605450M JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) 20,654 20,654 168 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) 39,096 39,096 169 0605504N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME (MMA) INCREMENT III 134,366 134,366 170 0605516N LONG RANGE FIRES 120,728 120,728 171 0605611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 60,181 60,181 172 0605813M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 10,748 10,748 173 0204202N DDG–1000 243,042 243,042 174 0301377N COUNTERING ADVANCED CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS (CACW) 19,517 19,517 175 0302315N NON-KINETIC COUNTERMEASURE SUPPORT 8,324 8,324 179 0304785N ISR & INFO OPERATIONS 188,392 188,392 180 0306250M CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 7,581 7,581 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 7,942,968 7,724,968 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 181 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT 25,823 25,823 182 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 17,224 17,224 183 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT 65,672 65,672 184 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY 6,216 6,216 185 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES 43,648 43,648 186 0605502N SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATIVE RESEARCH 0 0 187 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES 1,009 1,009 188 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT 137,521 137,521 189 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT 3,536 3,536 190 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT 152,176 152,176 191 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT 477,823 477,823 192 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY 30,603 30,603 193 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT 23,668 23,668 194 0605867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT 6,390 6,390 195 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT 32,700 32,700 196 0605898N MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D 42,381 42,381 197 0606295M MARINE AVIATION DEVELOPMENTAL MANAGEMENT AND SUPPORT 5,000 5,000 198 0606355N WARFARE INNOVATION MANAGEMENT 50,652 50,652 199 0305327N INSIDER THREAT 2,920 2,920 200 0902498N MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS (DEPARTMENTAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES) 2,234 2,234 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 1,127,196 1,127,196 OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 203 0604840M F–35 C2D2 480,759 480,759 204 0604840N F–35 C2D2 466,186 466,186 205 0605520M MARINE CORPS AIR DEFENSE WEAPONS SYSTEMS 74,119 74,119 206 0607658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY (CEC) 142,552 142,552 207 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT 403,494 409,494 High density sonar array 6,000 208 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM 61,012 61,012 209 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT 96,667 96,667 210 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS 29,743 29,743 211 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS 374,194 374,194 212 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT 8,420 8,420 213 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) 200,739 200,739 214 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM 72,473 72,473 215 0204313N SHIP-TOWED ARRAY SURVEILLANCE SYSTEMS 1,428 1,428 216 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) 2,238 2,238 217 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) 51,346 51,346 218 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 159,648 159,648 219 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT 139,164 318,164 Accelerate COPPERFIELD—Navy UFR 60,000 Accelerate GRANDSTAND—Navy UFR 29,000 Navy counterspace cability—SPACECOM UFR 60,000 Navy mobile counterspace capability—SPACECOM UFR 10,000 Navy space-enabled indications and warnings capability—SPACECOM UFR 20,000 220 0205601N ANTI-RADIATION MISSILE IMPROVEMENT 28,682 28,682 221 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION 29,887 29,887 222 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP 164,935 184,935 NSWC INDIAN HEAD explosive fill 20,000 223 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS 136,276 136,276 224 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS 167,098 167,098 225 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS 145,343 161,643 Marine Corps Electromagnetic Warfare Programs—SPACECOM UFR 10,300 Marine Corps realignment—MEGFOS-M 6,000 226 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) 18,332 18,332 227 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS 77,377 77,377 228 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT 33,641 33,641 229 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) 37,372 57,372 Tactical Exploitation of National Capabilities (TENCAP)—USMC UFR 20,000 230 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE 0 0 231 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES 31,359 31,359 232 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) 29,638 29,638 233 0208043N PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) 3,559 3,559 237 0303138N AFLOAT NETWORKS 56,915 69,215 Accelerate Fund NC3 Recapitalization and New Transmission Pathways—Navy UFR 12,300 238 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM 35,339 35,339 239 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES 7,239 7,239 240 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES 0 0 241 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY 0 0 242 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS 45,550 45,550 243 0305220N MQ–4C TRITON 14,402 14,402 244 0305231N MQ–8 UAV 0 0 245 0305232M RQ–11 UAV 2,016 2,016 246 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) 0 0 247 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT 40,267 40,267 248 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) 10,917 10,917 249 0305251N CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT 0 0 250 0305421N MQ–4C TRITON MODERNIZATION 444,042 444,042 251 0307577N INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) 793 793 252 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT 10,927 10,927 253 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) 28,799 28,799 254 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) 4,326 4,326 9999 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 2,235,339 2,652,339 Classified adjustment 417,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 6,604,552 7,275,152 SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS 255 0608013N RISK MANAGEMENT INFORMATION—SOFTWARE PILOT PROGRAM 14,522 14,522 256 0608231N MARITIME TACTICAL COMMAND AND CONTROL (MTC2)—SOFTWARE PILOT PROGRAM 10,289 10,289 SUBTOTAL SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS 24,811 24,811 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 25,697,815 26,631,215 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES 361,930 361,930 2 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES 143,372 143,372 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH 505,302 505,302 APPLIED RESEARCH 3 0602020F FUTURE AF CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH 85,477 85,477 4 0602022F UNIVERSITY AFFILIATED RESEARCH CENTER (UARC)—TACTICAL AUTONOMY 8,225 8,225 5 0602102F MATERIALS 142,336 152,336 Advanced materials science for manufacturing research 10,000 6 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES 5,235 5,235 7 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH 138,204 138,204 8 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION 339,477 339,477 9 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS 193,029 193,029 10 0602212F DEFENSE LABORATORIES R&D PROJECTS (10 U.S.C. SEC 2358) 0 0 11 0602298F SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT— MAJOR HEADQUARTERS ACTIVITIES 9,662 9,662 12 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS 138,497 138,497 13 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY 114,962 114,962 14 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS 176,333 176,333 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH 1,351,437 1,361,437 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 15 0603032F FUTURE AF INTEGRATED TECHNOLOGY DEMOS 248,506 248,506 16 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS 29,661 29,661 17 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) 12,558 12,558 18 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS 37,935 37,935 19 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO 102,529 102,529 20 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY 0 0 21 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY 36,445 36,445 22 0603273F SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY FOR NUCLEAR RE-ENTRY SYSTEMS 91,885 91,885 23 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) 0 0 24 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 19,568 19,568 25 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY 125,460 125,460 26 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY 25,050 25,050 27 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM 34,730 37,730 Affordable composites for hypersonic systems 1,000 Classified additive manufacturing research 2,000 28 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 26,172 26,172 29 0604776F DEPLOYMENT & DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE R&D 27,762 27,762 30 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) 2,012 2,012 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 820,273 823,273 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 31 0603036F MODULAR ADVANCED MISSILE 0 0 32 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT 3,820 3,820 33 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY 24,799 24,799 34 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 4,498 4,498 35 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL 119,197 119,197 36 0604001F NC3 ADVANCED CONCEPTS 10,148 10,148 37 0604003F ADVANCED BATTLE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (ABMS) 743,842 743,842 38 0604004F ADVANCED ENGINE DEVELOPMENT 562,337 562,337 39 0604005F NC3 COMMERCIAL DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPING 68,124 68,124 40 0604006F DEPT OF THE AIR FORCE TECH ARCHITECTURE 0 0 41 0604007F E–7 418,513 418,513 42 0604009F AFWERX PRIME 20,580 20,580 43 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE—BOMBER 2,654,073 2,654,073 44 0604025F RAPID DEFENSE EXPERIMENTATION RESERVE (RDER) 75,051 75,051 45 0604032F DIRECTED ENERGY PROTOTYPING 3,712 3,712 46 0604033F HYPERSONICS PROTOTYPING 0 0 47 0604183F HYPERSONICS PROTOTYPING—HYPERSONIC ATTACK CRUISE MISSILE (HACM) 516,971 516,971 48 0604201F PNT RESILIENCY, MODS, AND IMPROVEMENTS 0 0 49 0604257F ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY AND SENSORS 24,204 24,204 50 0604288F SURVIVABLE AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (SAOC) 1,687,500 1,447,500 Survivable Airborne Operations Center reduction –240,000 51 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER 3,485 3,485 52 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM 154,417 149,917 Program decrease –4,500 53 0604414F CYBER RESILIENCY OF WEAPON SYSTEMS-ACS 59,539 59,539 54 0604534F ADAPTIVE ENGINE TRANSITION PROGRAM (AETP) 0 0 55 0604609F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS & CONCEPT MATURATION 22,667 22,667 56 0604668F JOINT TRANSPORTATION MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (JTMS) 174,723 174,723 57 0604776F DEPLOYMENT & DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE R&D 4,840 4,840 58 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM 234,342 298,842 Accelerate experimentation and prototyping including for advanced low-cost weapons 50,000 Air Force Research Lab stratospheric balloon experimentation project 14,500 59 0604860F OPERATIONAL ENERGY AND INSTALLATION RESILIENCE 63,194 63,194 60 0605057F NEXT GENERATION AIR-REFUELING SYSTEM 7,014 7,014 61 0605164F AIR REFUELING CAPABILITY MODERNIZATION 13,661 13,661 62 0606005F DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION OFFICE 9,800 9,800 63 0201184F COUNTER NARCO-TERRORISM PROGRAM OFFICE 0 0 64 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE 3,306,355 3,306,355 65 0207179F AUTONOMOUS COLLABORATIVE PLATFORMS 51,666 51,666 66 0207420F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION 1,914 1,914 67 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES 18,733 18,733 68 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK 42,371 42,371 69 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) 8,100 8,100 70 0207522F AIRBASE AIR DEFENSE SYSTEMS (ABADS) 17,273 17,273 71 0207606F JOINT SIMULATION ENVIRONMENT (JSE) 191,337 191,337 72 0208030F WAR RESERVE MATERIEL—AMMUNITION 5,226 5,226 73 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) 33,349 33,349 74 0305601F MISSION PARTNER ENVIRONMENTS 22,028 22,028 75 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT 0 0 76 0306415F ENABLED CYBER ACTIVITIES 0 0 77 0708051F RAPID SUSTAINMENT MODERNIZATION (RSM) 37,044 37,044 78 0808736F SPECIAL VICTIM ACCOUNTABILITY AND INVESTIGATION 3,006 3,006 79 0808737F INTEGRATED PRIMARY PREVENTION 5,364 5,364 80 0901410F CONTRACTING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM 28,995 28,995 81 1206415F U.S. SPACE COMMAND RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT SUPPORT 28,392 28,392 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 11,486,204 11,306,204 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 82 0604200F FUTURE ADVANCED WEAPON ANALYSIS & PROGRAMS 7,205 7,205 83 0604201F PNT RESILIENCY, MODS, AND IMPROVEMENTS 217,662 217,662 84 0604222F NUCLEAR WEAPONS SUPPORT 70,823 70,823 85 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT 19,264 19,264 86 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE 78,480 78,480 87 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT 10,569 10,569 88 0604336F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROTOTYPING 39,079 39,079 89 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT 7,157 7,157 90 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS 3,427 3,427 91 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT 24,178 24,178 92 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS 25,502 25,502 93 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES 224,783 224,783 94 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON 623,491 623,491 95 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION 10,408 10,408 96 0605030F JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) 0 0 97 0605031F JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) 0 0 98 0605056F OPEN ARCHITECTURE MANAGEMENT 41,223 41,223 99 0605057F NEXT GENERATION AIR-REFUELING SYSTEM 0 0 100 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING 83,985 83,985 101 0605229F HH–60W 0 0 102 0605238F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT EMD 3,721,024 3,721,024 103 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS 0 0 104 0207279F ISOLATED PERSONNEL SURVIVABILITY AND RECOVERY 10,020 10,020 105 0207328F STAND IN ATTACK WEAPON 375,528 375,528 106 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING 7,754 7,754 107 0208036F MEDICAL C-CBRNE PROGRAMS 0 0 111 0305155F THEATER NUCLEAR WEAPON STORAGE & SECURITY SYSTEM 9,018 9,018 112 0305205F ENDURANCE UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES 0 0 113 0401221F KC–46A TANKER SQUADRONS 93,620 93,620 114 0401319F VC–25B 433,943 30,943 VC–25B reduction –403,000 115 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS 26,640 26,640 116 0804772F TRAINING DEVELOPMENTS 4,960 4,960 117 1203176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR 2,269 2,269 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 6,172,012 5,769,012 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 118 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT 19,927 19,927 119 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT 74,228 74,228 120 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE 39,720 39,720 121 0605502F SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH 0 0 122 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION 14,247 14,247 123 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT 936,913 936,913 124 0605827F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL VIG & COMBAT SYS 316,924 316,924 125 0605828F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL REACH 496,740 496,740 126 0605829F ACQ WORKFORCE- CYBER, NETWORK, & BUS SYS 521,987 521,987 127 0605830F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL BATTLE MGMT 0 0 128 0605831F ACQ WORKFORCE- CAPABILITY INTEGRATION 262,349 262,349 129 0605832F ACQ WORKFORCE- ADVANCED PRGM TECHNOLOGY 69,319 69,319 130 0605833F ACQ WORKFORCE- NUCLEAR SYSTEMS 343,180 343,180 131 0605898F MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D 6,291 6,291 132 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT 94,828 94,828 133 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT 63,579 63,579 134 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION 41,550 41,550 135 0606398F MANAGEMENT HQ—T&E 7,647 7,647 136 0303166F JOINT INFORMATION OPERATIONS RANGE 0 0 137 0303255F COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATION, AND COMPUTERS (C4)—STRATCOM 19,607 27,607 NC3 network security sensor 5,000 NC3 Research Architecture and Collaboration Hub (REACH) 3,000 138 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) 104,133 104,133 139 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 25,216 25,216 140 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING 10 6,010 Cyber workforce training ranges 6,000 141 0804776F ADVANCED DISTRIBUTED LEARNING 1,652 1,652 143 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES 4,590 4,590 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 3,464,637 3,478,637 OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 144 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING 39,667 39,667 145 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE 22 22 146 0604283F BATTLE MGMT COM & CTRL SENSOR DEVELOPMENT 100,183 100,183 147 0604445F WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE 21,443 21,443 148 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT 0 0 149 0604776F DEPLOYMENT & DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE R&D 0 0 150 0604840F F–35 C2D2 1,124,207 1,124,207 151 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) 49,739 49,739 152 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY 65,792 65,792 153 0605117F FOREIGN MATERIEL ACQUISITION AND EXPLOITATION 94,188 94,188 154 0605229F HH–60W 52,314 52,314 155 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E 24,934 24,934 156 0606018F NC3 INTEGRATION 21,864 21,864 157 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS 1,045,570 1,045,570 158 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) 542 542 159 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS 17,939 17,939 160 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS 41,212 41,212 161 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS 62,550 62,550 162 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS 13,690 13,690 163 0101318F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—GLOBAL STRIKE 7,330 7,330 164 0101324F INTEGRATED STRATEGIC PLANNING & ANALYSIS NETWORK 0 0 165 0101328F ICBM REENTRY VEHICLES 629,928 629,928 167 0102110F MH–139A 0 0 168 0102326F REGION/SECTOR OPERATION CONTROL CENTER MODERNIZATION PROGRAM 852 852 169 0102412F NORTH WARNING SYSTEM (NWS) 103 103 170 0102417F OVER-THE-HORIZON BACKSCATTER RADAR 383,575 383,575 171 0202834F VEHICLES AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT—GENERAL 6,097 6,097 172 0205219F MQ–9 UAV 7,074 7,074 173 0205671F JOINT COUNTER RCIED ELECTRONIC WARFARE 3,372 3,372 174 0207040F MULTI-PLATFORM ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 0 0 175 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS 0 0 176 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS 106,952 106,952 177 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS 178,603 234,903 Prevent retirement of F–15Es 56,300 178 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION 16,182 16,182 179 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS 768,561 768,561 180 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS 47,132 47,132 181 0207146F F–15EX 56,228 56,228 182 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES 34,932 34,932 183 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) 53,593 53,593 184 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE 743 743 185 0207238F E–11A 64,127 64,127 186 0207247F AF TENCAP 50,263 50,263 187 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT 12,723 12,723 188 0207253F COMPASS CALL 132,475 132,475 189 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM 68,743 68,743 190 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) 183,532 183,532 191 0207327F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) 29,910 29,910 192 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) 71,442 71,442 193 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) 18,473 18,473 194 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) 0 0 195 0207418F AFSPECWAR—TACP 2,206 2,206 197 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES 46,702 46,702 198 0207438F THEATER BATTLE MANAGEMENT (TBM) C4I 4,873 4,873 199 0207439F ELECTRONIC WARFARE INTEGRATED REPROGRAMMING (EWIR) 17,149 17,149 200 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD 12,171 12,171 201 0207452F DCAPES 8,431 8,431 202 0207521F AIR FORCE CALIBRATION PROGRAMS 2,223 2,223 203 0207573F NATIONAL TECHNICAL NUCLEAR FORENSICS 2,060 2,060 204 0207590F SEEK EAGLE 34,985 34,985 205 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION 0 0 206 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS 0 0 207 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES 4,847 4,847 208 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING 7,048 7,048 209 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS 92,566 92,566 210 0208007F TACTICAL DECEPTION 539 539 211 0208064F OPERATIONAL HQ—CYBER 0 0 212 0208087F DISTRIBUTED CYBER WARFARE OPERATIONS 29,996 29,996 213 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS 113,218 113,218 214 0208097F JOINT CYBER COMMAND AND CONTROL (JCC2) 0 0 215 0208099F UNIFIED PLATFORM (UP) 0 0 219 0208288F INTEL DATA APPLICATIONS 988 988 220 0301025F GEOBASE 1,002 1,002 221 0301112F NUCLEAR PLANNING AND EXECUTION SYSTEM (NPES) 0 0 222 0301113F CYBER SECURITY INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT 18,141 18,141 228 0301377F COUNTERING ADVANCED CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS (CACW) 1,668 1,668 230 0301401F AF MULTI-DOMAIN NON-TRADITIONAL ISR BATTLESPACE AWARENESS 3,436 3,936 United States Cyber Command cooperation with Jordan 500 231 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) 40,441 40,441 232 0302315F NON-KINETIC COUNTERMEASURE SUPPORT 15,180 15,180 233 0303004F EIT CONNECT 32,960 32,960 234 0303089F CYBERSPACE AND DODIN OPERATIONS 9,776 9,776 235 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) 25,500 25,500 236 0303133F HIGH FREQUENCY RADIO SYSTEMS 8,667 8,667 237 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM 94,424 94,424 238 0303248F ALL DOMAIN COMMON PLATFORM 82,927 82,927 239 0303260F JOINT MILITARY DECEPTION INITIATIVE 7,324 7,324 240 0304100F STRATEGIC MISSION PLANNING & EXECUTION SYSTEM (SMPES) 69,441 69,441 243 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE 85,284 85,284 244 0304310F COMMERCIAL ECONOMIC ANALYSIS 4,719 4,719 247 0305015F C2 AIR OPERATIONS SUITE—C2 INFO SERVICES 13,524 13,524 248 0305020F CCMD INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 1,836 1,836 249 0305022F ISR MODERNIZATION & AUTOMATION DVMT (IMAD) 22,909 22,909 250 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) 5,151 5,151 251 0305103F CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE 304 304 252 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE 31,372 36,372 Air Force commercial weather data acquisition 5,000 253 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) 15,143 15,143 254 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS 7,685 7,685 257 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES 481 481 258 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 6,387 6,387 259 0305158F TACTICAL TERMINAL 1,002 1,002 260 0305179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) 16,006 16,006 261 0305202F DRAGON U–2 0 0 262 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS 84,363 109,051 Long Endurance Airborne ISR—AFRICOM 24,688 263 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS 16,323 16,323 264 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS 86,476 86,476 265 0305220F RQ–4 UAV 9,516 9,516 266 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING 8,952 8,952 267 0305238F NATO AGS 865 865 268 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE 30,932 30,932 269 0305600F INTERNATIONAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY AND ARCHITECTURES 18,670 18,670 270 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION 0 0 271 0305984F PERSONNEL RECOVERY COMMAND & CTRL (PRC2) 2,831 2,831 272 0307577F INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) 3,658 3,658 273 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON 0 0 274 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) 33,003 33,003 275 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) 17,395 17,395 276 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM 34,423 34,423 277 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) 7,768 7,768 278 0401218F KC–135S 31,977 31,977 279 0401318F CV–22 26,249 26,249 280 0408011F SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL 9,421 9,421 281 0708055F MAINTENANCE, REPAIR & OVERHAUL SYSTEM 0 0 282 0708610F LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) 11,895 11,895 283 0801380F AF LVC OPERATIONAL TRAINING (LVC-OT) 29,815 29,815 284 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING 2,319 2,319 285 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY 2,320 2,320 286 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM 4,267 4,267 287 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION 3,163 3,163 288 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY 18,937 18,937 289 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 5,634 5,634 290 0901554F DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACNTNG AND MGT SYS (DEAMS) 57,689 57,689 291 1202140F SERVICE SUPPORT TO SPACECOM ACTIVITIES 0 0 9999 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 18,038,552 18,153,552 Classified adjustment A 15,000 Classified adjustment B 100,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 25,308,906 25,510,394 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF 49,108,771 48,754,259 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, SF BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601102SF DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES 21,349 21,349 2 0601103SF UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES 14,731 14,731 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH 36,080 36,080 APPLIED RESEARCH 3 1202212SF DEFENSE LABORATORIES R&D PROJECTS 0 0 4 1206601SF SPACE TECHNOLOGY 244,964 330,964 SCO classified program advance procurement 68,000 SCO classified program FY25 shortfall 13,000 Space Modeling, Simulation, and Analysis Hub 5,000 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH 244,964 330,964 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 5 1206310SF SPACE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 425,166 467,682 TxDES—Space Force UFR 42,516 6 1206616SF SPACE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT/DEMO 138,270 138,270 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 563,436 605,952 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 7 0604002SF SPACE FORCE WEATHER SERVICES RESEARCH 867 867 8 1203010SF SPACE FORCE IT, DATA ANALYTICS, DIGITAL SOLUTIONS 88,610 88,610 9 1203164SF NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) 300,025 300,025 10 1203622SF SPACE WARFIGHTING ANALYSIS 121,409 121,409 11 1203710SF EO/IR WEATHER SYSTEMS 76,391 76,391 12 1203955SF SPACE ACCESS, MOBILITY & LOGISTICS (SAML) 20,000 20,000 13 1206410SF SPACE TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPING 1,701,685 1,709,685 Low-latency high availability VHF payloads 8,000 14 1206425SF SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS 0 0 15 1206427SF SPACE SYSTEMS PROTOTYPE TRANSITIONS (SSPT) 133,739 133,739 16 1206438SF SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY 62,195 62,195 17 1206458SF TECH TRANSITION (SPACE) 228,547 228,547 18 1206730SF SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM 53,199 53,199 19 1206760SF PROTECTED TACTICAL ENTERPRISE SERVICE (PTES) 79,709 82,709 Cloud-based beam forming technologies 3,000 20 1206761SF PROTECTED TACTICAL SERVICE (PTS) 596,996 596,996 21 1206855SF EVOLVED STRATEGIC SATCOM (ESS) 1,046,161 1,046,161 22 1206857SF SPACE RAPID CAPABILITIES OFFICE 11,361 11,361 23 1206862SF TACTICALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE 30,052 30,052 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 4,550,946 4,561,946 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 24 1203269SF GPS III FOLLOW-ON (GPS IIIF) 244,752 244,752 25 1203940SF SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS 0 0 26 1206421SF COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS 37,078 37,078 27 1206422SF WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON 49,207 49,207 28 1206425SF SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS 483,605 483,605 29 1206431SF ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) 1,020 1,020 30 1206432SF POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) 0 0 31 1206433SF WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) 0 0 32 1206440SF NEXT-GEN OPIR—GROUND 558,013 558,013 33 1206442SF NEXT GENERATION OPIR 202,951 202,951 34 1206443SF NEXT-GEN OPIR—GEO 510,806 510,806 35 1206444SF NEXT-GEN OPIR—POLAR 828,878 828,878 36 1206445SF COMMERCIAL SATCOM (COMSATCOM) INTEGRATION 134,487 134,487 37 1206446SF RESILIENT MISSILE WARNING MISSILE TRACKING—LOW EARTH ORBIT (LEO) 1,730,821 1,730,821 38 1206447SF RESILIENT MISSILE WARNING MISSILE TRACKING—MEDIUM EARTH ORBIT (MEO) 846,349 846,349 39 1206448SF RESILIENT MISSILE WARNING MISSILE TRACKING—INTEGRATED GROUND SEGMENT 0 0 40 1206853SF NATIONAL SECURITY SPACE LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD 23,392 23,392 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 5,651,359 5,651,359 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 43 1203622SF SPACE WARFIGHTING ANALYSIS 0 0 44 1205502SF SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH 0 0 45 1206116SF SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT 0 0 46 1206392SF ACQ WORKFORCE—SPACE & MISSILE SYSTEMS 274,424 274,424 47 1206398SF SPACE & MISSILE SYSTEMS CENTER—MHA 12,867 12,867 48 1206601SF SPACE TECHNOLOGY 0 0 49 1206759SF MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT—SPACE 229,665 248,765 NSTTC—Space Force UFR 19,100 50 1206860SF ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) 20,134 25,134 Advanced modular solid rocket motor 5,000 51 1206862SF TACTICALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE 0 0 52 1206864SF SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) 30,279 30,279 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 567,369 591,469 OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 54 1201017SF GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) 0 0 55 1203001SF FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) 2,607 2,607 56 1203040SF DCO-SPACE 104,088 104,088 57 1203109SF NARROWBAND SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 228,435 228,435 58 1203110SF SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) 98,572 98,572 59 1203154SF LONG RANGE KILL CHAINS 244,121 244,121 60 1203165SF NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (SPACE AND CONTROL SEGMENTS) 0 0 61 1203173SF SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER 20,844 20,844 62 1203174SF SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 48,900 48,900 63 1203182SF SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) 55,906 55,906 64 1203265SF GPS III SPACE SEGMENT 0 0 65 1203330SF SPACE SUPERIORITY ISR 28,227 28,227 66 1203620SF NATIONAL SPACE DEFENSE CENTER 0 0 67 1203873SF BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE RADARS 12,024 17,024 Modernization of the Perimeter Acquisition Radar Attack Characterization System 5,000 68 1203906SF NCMC—TW/AA SYSTEM 25,656 25,656 69 1203913SF NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) 83,426 83,426 70 1203940SF SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS 120,160 146,160 Joint Commercial Operations (JCO) Cell—SPACECOM UFR 26,000 71 1206423SF GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT 217,224 217,224 75 1206770SF ENTERPRISE GROUND SERVICES 111,284 111,284 76 1208053SF JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM 6,937 6,937 9999 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 5,520,323 5,629,623 Classified program A—Space Force UFR 59,500 Classified program B—Space Force UFR 66,000 Classified program B—SPACECOM UFR 166,400 Classified program C—Space Force UFR 150,000 Classified program C—SPACECOM UFR 60,000 Partial restoral of program decrease 507,400 Program decrease –900,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 6,928,734 7,069,034 SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS 77 1208248SF SPACE DOMAIN AWARENESS/PLANNING/TASKING SW 157,265 157,265 SUBTOTAL SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS 157,265 157,265 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, SF 18,700,153 19,004,069 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH 15,311 15,311 2 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES 303,830 303,830 3 0601108D8Z HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES 16,518 16,518 4 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES 77,132 97,132 Defense Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research 20,000 5 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE 99,048 99,048 6 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM 169,986 169,986 7 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS 99,792 99,792 8 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM 37,812 37,812 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH 819,429 839,429 APPLIED RESEARCH 9 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY 19,373 19,373 10 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY 169,198 169,198 11 0602128D8Z PROMOTION AND PROTECTION STRATEGIES 3,191 3,191 12 0602230D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION 38,515 38,515 13 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM 47,528 47,528 14 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES 51,555 51,555 15 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY 397,266 497,266 Expansion of Underexplored Systems for Utility-Scale Quantum Computing 100,000 16 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE 0 0 17 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM 224,777 224,777 18 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH 17,652 52,652 Program increase 15,000 University Consortium for Cybersecurity 20,000 19 0602669D8Z MICROELECTRONICS COMMONS—APPLIED RESEARCH 0 0 20 0602675D8Z SOCIAL SCIENCES FOR ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY 5,456 5,456 21 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY 117,935 117,935 22 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY 337,772 337,772 23 0602716E ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY 573,265 578,265 Scaling technology for microelectronics 5,000 24 0602718BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION APPLIED RESEARCH 174,955 174,955 25 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH 11,310 11,310 26 0602890D8Z HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH 48,640 48,640 27 0602891D8Z FSRM MODELLING 1,897 1,897 28 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 50,183 50,183 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH 2,290,468 2,430,468 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 29 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 41,072 41,072 30 0603021D8Z NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION CAPITAL 14,983 19,983 Enhanced payload and satellite bus development 5,000 31 0603121D8Z SO/LIC ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT 5,176 5,176 32 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT 76,639 134,139 Irregular Warfare Technical Support Directorate –20,000 United States-Israel anti-tunnel cooperation 30,000 United States-Israel defense collaboration on emerging technologies 47,500 33 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING 30,007 45,007 FCT increase (AUKUS) 15,000 34 0603142D8Z MISSION ENGINEERING & INTEGRATION (ME&I) 110,628 110,628 35 0603160BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 418,044 418,044 36 0603176BR ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT 0 0 37 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT 17,920 17,920 38 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH 19,354 52,854 Disruptive Technologies versus Advanced Threats—MDA UFR 33,500 39 0603183D8Z JOINT HYPERSONIC TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT &TRANSITION 51,941 51,941 40 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 19,826 19,826 41 0603260BR INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT 0 0 42 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS 269,700 269,700 43 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY 225,457 225,457 44 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS 30,594 30,594 45 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS 56,390 56,390 46 0603330D8Z QUANTUM APPLICATION 69,290 69,290 47 0603342D8Z DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT (DIU) 109,614 119,614 OnRamp Hubs 5,000 Research, design, testing, and evaluation to benefit foreign partners 5,000 48 0603375D8Z TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION 74,549 74,549 49 0603379D8Z ADVANCED TECHNICAL INTEGRATION 26,053 26,053 50 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT 230,051 230,051 51 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH 0 0 52 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 20,188 20,188 53 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES 5,234 5,234 54 0603669D8Z MICROELECTRONICS COMMONS—ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT (ATD) 0 0 55 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM 190,557 190,557 56 0603680S MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM 55,366 55,366 57 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS 18,543 18,543 58 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM 58,838 58,838 59 0603720S MICROELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT 137,246 137,246 60 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM 2,684 2,684 61 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES 257,844 257,844 62 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS 336,542 336,542 63 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY 886,511 886,511 64 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY 267,961 267,961 65 0603769D8Z DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 0 0 66 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE 16,982 16,982 67 0603838D8Z DEFENSE INNOVATION ACCELERATION (DIA) 165,798 165,798 68 0603924D8Z HIGH ENERGY LASER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM 110,367 110,367 69 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY 268,722 268,722 70 0603945D8Z INTERNATIONAL INNOVATION INITIATIVES 125,680 125,680 71 0603950D8Z NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION NETWORK 21,322 21,322 72 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT 167,279 167,279 73 0303367D8Z SPECTRUM ACCESS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 0 0 74 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 197,767 197,767 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 5,208,719 5,329,719 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 75 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P 63,162 63,162 76 0603600D8Z WALKOFF 149,704 149,704 77 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM 136,513 142,513 Environmental Security Technical Certification Program 6,000 78 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT 367,279 367,279 79 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT 768,227 768,227 80 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL 304,374 304,374 81 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS 209,002 224,502 Sensors Modeling & Simulation—MDA UFR 15,500 82 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS 609,406 609,406 83 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA 495,570 615,570 Classified A Left to Right Integration—MDA UFR 28,000 Classified B Fire Control Sensor Netting—MDA UFR 46,000 Classified C Nonkinetic Prototype Demo—MDA UFR 46,000 84 0603892C AEGIS BMD 649,255 738,455 Guam Defense System (GDS) 89,200 85 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND COMMUNICATIONS (C2BMC) 569,662 583,162 Infrastructure Modernization Initiative—MDA UFR 13,500 86 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT 47,723 47,723 87 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) 54,525 54,525 88 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH 27,900 27,900 89 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) 197,339 197,339 90 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS 300,000 300,000 91 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST 367,491 367,491 92 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS 604,708 624,108 Advanced reactive target simulation development 5,000 Guam Defense System (GDS) 14,400 93 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE 9,890 9,890 94 0604011D8Z NEXT GENERATION INFORMATION COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY (5G) 139,427 149,427 5G for Department of Defense base operations 10,000 95 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM 2,637 2,637 96 0604102C GUAM DEFENSE DEVELOPMENT 415,794 492,294 Guam Defense System (GDS) 76,500 97 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES 0 0 98 0604124D8Z CHIEF DIGITAL AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE OFFICER (CDAO)—MIP 0 0 99 0604125D8Z ADVANCED MANUFACTURING COMPONENTS AND PROTOTYPES 16,776 16,776 100 0604181C HYPERSONIC DEFENSE 182,283 575,283 GPI development acceleration 393,000 101 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES 994,226 994,226 102 0604294D8Z TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS 593,609 593,609 103 0604331D8Z RAPID PROTOTYPING PROGRAM 152,126 168,616 Longshot—R&E UFR 10,000 Multi-Domain Unmanned Secure Integrated Communications (MUSIC)—R&E UFR 6,490 104 0604331J RAPID PROTOTYPING PROGRAM 7,710 7,710 105 0604341D8Z DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT (DIU) PROTOTYPING 0 0 106 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED SYSTEM COMMON DEVELOPMENT 2,527 2,527 107 0604551BR CATAPULT INFORMATION SYSTEM 7,475 7,475 108 0604555D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT—NON S&T 53,705 53,705 109 0604669D8Z MICROELECTRONICS COMMONS—ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT (ACD) 0 0 110 0604682D8Z WARGAMING AND SUPPORT FOR STRATEGIC ANALYSIS (SSA) 3,559 3,559 111 0604775D8Z DEFENSE RAPID INNOVATION PROGRAM 10,020 10,020 112 0604790D8Z RAPID DEFENSE EXPERIMENTATION RESERVE (RDER) 53,149 53,149 113 0604791D8Z MULTI-DOMAIN JOINT OPERATIONS (MDJO) 11,383 11,383 114 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESSMENTS 29,706 29,706 115 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) 100,882 100,882 116 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS 1,697,121 1,697,121 117 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST 25,673 25,673 118 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST 135,019 136,219 Guam Defense System (GDS) 1,200 119 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST 96,864 96,864 120 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) 22,220 22,220 121 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST 40,006 40,006 122 0604924D8Z HIGH ENERGY LASER ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPE 2,931 67,931 DE Testing and Experimentation—R&E UFR 65,000 123 0202057C SAFETY PROGRAM MANAGEMENT 1,771 1,771 124 0208059JCY CYBERCOM ACTIVITIES 35,700 65,700 Program increase 30,000 125 0208085JCY ROBUST INFRASTRUCTURE AND ACCESS 0 0 126 0208086JCY CYBER TRAINING ENVIRONMENT (CTE) 158,345 163,345 Pacific Intelligence and Innovation Initiative 5,000 127 0300206R ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS 2,162 2,162 128 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE 1,831 1,831 129 0305245D8Z INTELLIGENCE CAPABILITIES AND INNOVATION INVESTMENTS 51,784 76,784 Classified adjustment 25,000 130 0305251JCY CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT 0 50,000 Program increase 50,000 131 0306250JCY CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT 52,715 52,715 132 0901579D8Z OFFICE OF STRATEGIC CAPITAL (OSC) 132,640 132,640 133 1206895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS 119,561 119,561 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 11,285,067 12,220,857 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 134 0604123D8Z CHIEF DIGITAL AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE OFFICER (CDAO)—DEM/VAL ACTIVITIES 371,833 406,833 Artificial intelligence pilot programs 35,000 135 0604133D8Z ALPHA–1 DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES 53,307 53,307 136 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD 13,549 13,549 137 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD 270,265 270,265 138 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) 12,893 12,893 139 0605000BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 14,841 14,841 140 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 4,709 4,709 141 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE 9,526 9,526 142 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM 15,779 15,779 143 0605027D8Z OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES 7,564 7,564 144 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INITIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM 31,916 31,916 145 0605141BR MISSION ASSURANCE RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (MARMS) 9,440 9,440 146 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES 9,485 9,485 147 0605294D8Z TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS 150,436 150,436 148 0605649D8Z ACQUISITION INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY (AI2) 12,804 12,804 149 0605755D8Z RADIOLOGICAL AND NUCLEAR DEFENSE MODERNIZATION SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 3,575 3,575 150 0605772D8Z NUCLEAR COMMAND, CONTROL, & COMMUNICATIONS 3,849 3,849 151 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) 7,152 7,152 152 0305310D8Z COUNTERPROLIFERATION ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT 13,151 13,151 153 0505167D8Z RADIOLOGICAL AND NUCLEAR DEFENSE MODERNIZATION 0 0 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 1,016,074 1,051,074 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 154 0603829J JOINT CAPABILITY EXPERIMENTATION 12,385 12,385 155 0604122D8Z JADC2 DEVELOPMENT AND EXPERIMENTATION ACTIVITIES 222,945 345,645 Joint Fires Network 122,700 156 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) 11,415 11,415 157 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT 9,690 9,690 158 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) 782,643 782,643 159 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS 1,503 1,503 160 0604944D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS, DOD 4,253 4,253 161 0605001E MISSION SUPPORT 113,007 113,007 162 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) 209,008 209,008 163 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) 72,005 72,005 164 0605128D8Z CLASSIFIED PROGRAM USD(P) 0 0 165 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING 24,669 24,669 166 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD 6,289 6,289 167 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY 19,871 19,871 168 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION 8,580 8,580 169 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO OUSD(INTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY) 3,155 3,155 170 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM 79,263 79,263 171 0605502BP SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATIVE RESEARCH—CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL DEF 0 0 172 0605502BR SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH 0 0 173 0605502C SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH—MDA 0 0 174 0605502D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATIVE RESEARCH 0 0 175 0605502E SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATIVE RESEARCH 0 0 176 0605502S SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATIVE RESEARCH 0 0 177 0605711D8Z CRITICAL TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS 11,422 11,422 178 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER (STTR) ADMINISTRATION 5,346 5,346 179 0605797D8Z MAINTAINING TECHNOLOGY ADVANTAGE 31,629 31,629 180 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS 45,370 45,370 181 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) 66,247 66,247 182 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION 26,935 26,935 183 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION 37,233 37,233 184 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D 14,577 14,577 185 0605998KA MANAGEMENT HQ—DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) 3,505 3,505 186 0606005D8Z SPECIAL ACTIVITIES 18,263 18,263 187 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS 14,272 14,272 188 0606114D8Z ANALYSIS WORKING GROUP (AWG) SUPPORT 2,814 2,814 189 0606135D8Z CHIEF DIGITAL AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE OFFICER (CDAO) ACTIVITIES 9,262 9,262 190 0606225D8Z ODNA TECHNOLOGY AND RESOURCE ANALYSIS 3,403 3,403 191 0606300D8Z DEFENSE SCIENCE BOARD 6,536 6,536 192 0606301D8Z AVIATION SAFETY TECHNOLOGIES 1,885 1,885 193 0606771D8Z CYBER RESILIENCY AND CYBERSECURITY POLICY 40,401 40,401 194 0606774D8Z DEFENSE CIVILIAN TRAINING CORPS 27,054 27,054 195 0606775D8Z JOINT PRODUCTION ACCELERATOR CELL (JPAC) 5,010 5,010 196 0606853BR MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT 12,115 12,115 197 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) 3,151 3,151 198 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT 7,433 7,433 199 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY 65,144 65,144 202 0305172K COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS 23,311 23,311 204 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS 2,988 2,988 205 0305248J JOINT STAFF OFFICE OF THE CHIEF DATA OFFICER (OCDO) ACTIVITIES 12,700 12,700 206 0804768J COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—NON-MHA 166,021 166,021 207 0808709SE DEFENSE EQUAL OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT INSTITUTE (DEOMI) 315 315 208 0808737SE INTEGRATED PRIMARY PREVENTION 5,096 5,096 209 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA 29,033 29,033 210 0903235K JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER (JSP) 2,244 2,244 9999 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 37,738 37,738 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 2,319,134 2,441,834 OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 211 0604011D8Z NEXT GENERATION INFORMATION COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY (5G) 12,424 12,424 212 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) 0 0 213 0607162D8Z CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS ELIMINATION TECHNOLOGY IMPROVEMENT 4,254 4,254 214 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT 1,099,243 1,102,243 Corrosion resistant coatings for aircraft parts 3,000 215 0607310D8Z COUNTERPROLIFERATION MODERNIZATION 11,309 11,309 216 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS (G-TSCMIS) 8,654 8,654 217 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) 84,098 84,098 218 0607757D8Z RADIOLOGICAL AND NUCLEAR DEFENSE MODERNIZATION OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 1,668 1,668 219 0208085JCY ROBUST INFRASTRUCTURE AND ACCESS 154,375 154,375 220 0208097JCY CYBER COMMAND AND CONTROL (CYBER C2) 96,932 96,932 221 0208099JCY DATA AND UNIFIED PLATFORM (D&UP) 106,053 106,053 225 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION 12,843 12,843 226 0302609V COUNTERING THREATS AUTOMATED PLATFORM 6,057 6,057 227 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DCS 51,214 51,214 228 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) 4,985 4,985 230 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM 31,127 31,127 232 0303140K INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM 31,414 31,414 233 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM 0 0 234 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION 24,991 24,991 235 0303171K JOINT PLANNING AND EXECUTION SERVICES 3,304 3,304 236 0303228K JOINT REGIONAL SECURITY STACKS (JRSS) 2,371 2,371 238 0303430V FEDERAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 0 0 242 0305104D8Z DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE (DIB) CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE 15,524 15,524 245 0305133V INDUSTRIAL SECURITY ACTIVITIES 0 0 248 0305146V DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 1,800 1,800 249 0305172D8Z COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS 42,355 42,355 252 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS 6,220 6,220 253 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY 20,620 20,620 255 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS 5,854 5,854 260 0305245D8Z INTELLIGENCE CAPABILITIES AND INNOVATION INVESTMENTS 0 0 261 0305251K CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT 0 0 262 0305327V INSIDER THREAT 0 0 263 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM 1,867 1,867 270 0306250JCY CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT 479,672 479,672 271 0307609V NATIONAL INDUSTRIAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (NISS) 38,761 38,761 274 0505167D8Z RADIOLOGICAL AND NUCLEAR DEFENSE MODERNIZATION 0 0 275 0708012K LOGISTICS SUPPORT ACTIVITIES 1,406 1,406 276 0708012S PACIFIC DISASTER CENTERS 1,861 1,861 277 0708047S DEFENSE PROPERTY ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM 3,004 3,004 279 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV 34,851 34,851 280 1160279BB SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATIVE RESEARCH/SMALL BUS TECH TRANSFER PILOT PROG 0 0 281 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS 263,712 252,212 MC–130J Amphibious Capability –11,500 282 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 81,648 81,648 283 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS 206,307 206,307 284 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS 245,882 280,507 Counter Uncrewed Systems—SOCOM UFR 34,625 285 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS 539 539 286 1160434BB UNMANNED ISR 31,578 31,578 287 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES 9,025 9,025 288 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS 210,787 210,787 289 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE 17,233 27,433 Loitering Munition Accelerated Fielding and Reliability Testing Acceleration—SOCOM UFR 10,200 290 1203610K TELEPORT PROGRAM 0 0 9999 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 8,686,427 8,686,427 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 12,154,249 12,190,574 SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS 291 0608197V NATIONAL BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION SERVICES—SOFTWARE PILOT PROGRAM 0 0 292 0608648D8Z ACQUISITION VISIBILITY—SOFTWARE PILOT PROGRAM 17,907 17,907 293 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM 31,619 31,619 294 0306250JCY CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT 85,168 95,168 Cyber Operations for Base Resilient Architecture expansion 10,000 9999 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 0 0 SUBTOTAL SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS 134,694 144,694 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW 35,227,834 36,648,649 OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 1 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION 136,226 136,226 2 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION 109,561 109,561 3 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES 102,922 102,922 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 348,709 348,709 TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE 348,709 348,709 TOTAL RDT&E 143,156,590 146,013,435 XLIII OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2025 Request Senate Authorized OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS 3,536,069 3,952,269 Campaigning—U.S. Army Pacific (USARPAC) - INDOPACOM UFR 391,200 Commercial off the Shelf (COTS) Uncrewed Aerial System (sUAS)—Army UFR 25,000 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES 216,575 216,575 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE 829,985 829,985 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS 2,570,467 2,570,467 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT 1,185,211 1,185,211 060 AVIATION ASSETS 1,955,482 1,955,482 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 7,150,264 7,194,264 2nd Security Force Assistance Brigade (SFAB)—AFRICOM 4,000 BUCKEYE support to AFRICOM 40,000 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS 533,892 533,892 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE 1,220,407 1,250,707 Army missile repair—Army UFR 30,300 100 MEDICAL READINESS 931,137 931,137 110 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT 10,482,544 10,482,544 120 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 5,231,918 5,976,918 Army 95% executable FSRM 670,000 Force Protection Equipment Sustainment—CENTCOM UFR 75,000 130 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS 309,674 309,674 140 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES 303,660 303,660 150 RESET 319,873 319,873 160 US AFRICA COMMAND 430,724 446,206 Commander's Data Integration Team (CDIT)—AFRICOM 13,268 Navigation Warfare (NAVWAR) Twinity (TNT) and Hardened GPS Antennas—AFRICOM 2,214 170 US EUROPEAN COMMAND 326,399 340,199 USEUCOM Multilateral Network 13,800 180 US SOUTHERN COMMAND 255,639 283,229 Joint Department of Defense Information Network Operations Center 22,700 Mission Partner Environment (MPE)—SOUTHCOM 4,890 190 US FORCES KOREA 71,826 71,826 200 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES—CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS 422,561 422,561 210 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES—CYBERSECURITY 597,021 597,021 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES 38,881,328 40,173,700 MOBILIZATION 230 STRATEGIC MOBILITY 567,351 567,351 240 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS 405,747 405,747 250 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 4,298 4,298 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION 977,396 977,396 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 260 OFFICER ACQUISITION 200,754 200,754 270 RECRUIT TRAINING 72,829 72,829 280 ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING 92,762 92,762 290 SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS 557,478 557,478 300 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING 1,064,113 1,064,113 310 FLIGHT TRAINING 1,418,987 1,418,987 320 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION 214,497 215,497 Key Partners for Middle East Regional Integration Military Subject Matter Exchange Program 1,000 330 TRAINING SUPPORT 633,316 633,316 340 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING 785,440 785,440 350 EXAMINING 205,072 205,072 360 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION 245,880 245,880 370 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING 246,460 246,460 380 JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS 206,700 206,700 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING 5,944,288 5,945,288 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 400 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION 785,233 785,233 410 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES 926,136 926,136 420 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES 738,637 738,637 430 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT 411,213 411,213 440 ADMINISTRATION 515,501 515,501 450 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS 2,167,183 2,167,183 460 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT 375,963 375,963 470 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT 943,764 943,764 480 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT 2,402,405 2,402,405 490 ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES 204,652 204,652 500 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT 305,340 305,340 510 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS 487,742 487,742 520 DEF ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT ACCOUNT 41,068 41,068 530 INTERNATIONAL MILITARY HEADQUARTERS 633,982 633,982 540 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS 34,429 34,429 999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 2,376,219 2,407,510 DOD High-Risk ISR—AFRICOM UFR 29,791 Navigation Warfare (NAVWAR) Twinity (TNT) and Hardened GPS Antennas—AFRICOM 1,500 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 13,349,467 13,380,758 UNDISTRIBUTED 998 UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –124,430 Foreign Currency Fluctuations –5,230 Unobligated balances –119,200 SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –124,430 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY 59,152,479 60,352,712 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES 14,098 14,098 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE 655,868 655,868 030 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS 136,625 136,625 040 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT 696,146 696,146 050 AVIATION ASSETS 129,581 129,581 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 404,585 404,585 070 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS 42,942 42,942 080 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE 49,973 49,973 090 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT 578,327 578,327 100 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 474,365 474,365 110 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS 26,680 26,680 120 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES—CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS 2,241 2,241 130 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES—CYBERSECURITY 18,598 18,598 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES 3,230,029 3,230,029 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 140 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION 17,092 17,092 150 ADMINISTRATION 19,106 19,106 160 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS 6,727 6,727 170 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT 7,477 7,477 180 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT 80,346 80,346 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 130,748 130,748 UNDISTRIBUTED 998 UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –1,500 Unobligated balances –1,500 SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –1,500 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES 3,360,777 3,359,277 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS 886,229 886,229 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES 200,417 200,417 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE 861,685 861,685 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS 86,356 86,356 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT 345,720 345,720 060 AVIATION ASSETS 1,150,777 1,150,777 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 737,884 737,884 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS 34,262 34,262 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE 221,401 221,401 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT 1,247,797 1,247,642 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –155 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 1,147,554 1,147,554 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS 1,322,621 1,322,621 130 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES—CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS 5,287 5,287 140 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES—CYBERSECURITY 20,869 20,869 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES 8,268,859 8,268,704 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION 7,849 7,849 160 ADMINISTRATION 49,304 49,944 Increase for 7 new State Partnership Program partners—NGB UFR 640 170 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS 18,585 18,585 190 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT 297,594 297,594 200 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT 3,954 3,954 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 377,286 377,926 UNDISTRIBUTED 998 UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –36,200 Unobligated balances –36,200 SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –36,200 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG 8,646,145 8,610,430 COUNTER-ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP COUNTER ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) 010 IRAQ 380,758 380,758 020 SYRIA 147,941 147,941 SUBTOTAL COUNTER ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) 528,699 528,699 TOTAL COUNTER-ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP 528,699 528,699 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS 6,876,414 6,906,414 Maritime/Littoral Domain ISR—CENTCOM UFR 30,000 020 FLEET AIR TRAINING 2,980,271 2,980,271 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT 1,444,564 1,444,564 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE 1,747,475 1,747,475 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS 2,020,926 2,020,926 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS 7,561,665 7,561,665 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING 1,576,167 1,576,167 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE 12,121,320 12,186,320 Prevent retirement of ESD 65,000 120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT 2,722,849 2,722,849 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE 1,845,351 1,847,317 Accelerate Long Endurance Electronic Decoy (LEED)—Navy UFR 2,300 Counter Uncrewed Systems (C-UxS) / Integrated Air and Missile Defense (IAMD)—AFRICOM 375 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –709 140 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE 429,851 429,851 150 WARFARE TACTICS 1,030,531 1,030,531 160 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY 462,111 462,111 170 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES 2,430,990 2,438,190 USEUCOM+NATO Maritime Command and Control (C2) 7,200 180 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT 49,520 49,520 200 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS 93,949 93,949 210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT 395,278 610,618 AI-Enabled Planning & Wargaming (STORMBREAKER) 18,000 Campaigning—Special Operations Command Pacific (SOCPAC) 53,000 Joint lnteragency Task Force—West (JIATF-W) 4,260 Joint Task Force Micronesia (JTF-M) 40,080 Joint Training Team (JTT) 100,000 220 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES 577,882 578,882 Accelerate GRANDSTAND—Navy UFR 1,000 230 FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE 1,866,966 1,866,966 240 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE 1,596,682 1,722,282 Accelerate Mk–48 Heavy Weight Torpedo (HWT) Procurement (+41)—Navy UFR 9,200 Accelerate Subsea and Seabed Warfare (SSW) ROV—Navy UFR 2,100 Accelerate Weapons Combat Expenditure Replacement for SM–2—Navy UFR 93,000 Longbow Hellfire integration 21,300 250 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT 785,511 785,511 260 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION 1,824,127 1,824,127 270 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION 4,654,449 5,694,449 Guam disaster recovery and resilient rebuild FSRM 70,000 Guam Glass Breakwater 300,000 Navy 95% executable FSRM 670,000 280 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 6,324,454 6,324,454 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES 63,419,303 64,905,409 MOBILIZATION 290 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE 463,722 463,722 300 READY RESERVE FORCE 780,558 780,558 310 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS 1,030,030 1,030,030 320 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS 173,200 173,200 330 COAST GUARD SUPPORT 21,800 21,800 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION 2,469,310 2,469,310 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 340 OFFICER ACQUISITION 206,282 205,836 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –446 350 RECRUIT TRAINING 18,748 18,748 360 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS 169,044 169,044 370 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING 1,236,735 1,236,735 380 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION 357,317 358,317 Key Partners for Middle East Regional Integration Military Subject Matter Exchange Program 1,000 390 TRAINING SUPPORT 434,173 432,506 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –1,667 400 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING 281,107 281,107 410 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION 77,223 77,223 420 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING 73,510 73,510 430 JUNIOR ROTC 59,649 59,649 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING 2,913,788 2,912,675 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 440 ADMINISTRATION 1,453,465 1,453,465 450 CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT 252,723 251,086 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –1,637 460 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT 729,351 728,641 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –710 470 MEDICAL ACTIVITIES 324,055 324,055 480 DEF ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT ACCOUNT 69,348 69,348 490 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION 275,379 275,379 510 PLANNING, ENGINEERING, AND PROGRAM SUPPORT 609,648 609,648 520 ACQUISITION, LOGISTICS, AND OVERSIGHT 869,350 869,350 530 INVESTIGATIVE AND SECURITY SERVICES 980,857 980,857 999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 656,005 656,005 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 6,220,181 6,217,834 UNDISTRIBUTED 998 UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –84,570 Foreign Currency Fluctuations –5,270 Unobligated balances –79,300 SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –84,570 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY 75,022,582 76,420,658 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATIONAL FORCES 1,848,218 1,909,618 Campaigning—U.S. Marine Corps Forces Pacific (MARFORPAC) 47,000 Marine Corps realignment—high cut enhanced combat helmet 14,400 020 FIELD LOGISTICS 1,990,769 1,990,769 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE 241,350 241,350 040 MARITIME PREPOSITIONING 176,356 176,356 060 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES 271,819 271,819 070 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 1,304,957 1,932,287 Marine Corps 95% executable FSRM 100,000 Marine Corps realignment—Barracks 2030 379,330 USMC Enterprise-Wide Facilities Modernization—USMC UFR 148,000 080 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 3,035,867 3,229,867 Barracks base operating support 194,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES 8,869,336 9,752,066 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 090 RECRUIT TRAINING 26,610 26,610 100 OFFICER ACQUISITION 1,418 1,418 110 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING 128,502 128,502 120 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION 63,208 64,208 Key Partners for Middle East Regional Integration Military Subject Matter Exchange Program 1,000 130 TRAINING SUPPORT 553,166 553,166 140 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING 237,077 309,927 Advertising—USMC UFR 72,850 150 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION 50,000 50,000 160 JUNIOR ROTC 30,276 30,276 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING 1,090,257 1,164,107 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 180 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION 96,528 96,528 190 ADMINISTRATION 442,037 440,037 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –2,000 999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 64,646 64,646 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 603,211 601,211 UNDISTRIBUTED 998 UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –17,030 Foreign Currency Fluctuations –3,930 Unobligated balances –13,100 SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –17,030 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 10,562,804 11,500,354 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS 708,701 708,701 030 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT 10,250 10,250 040 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE 148,292 148,292 060 AVIATION LOGISTICS 33,200 33,200 070 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 21,211 21,211 080 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES 199,551 199,551 090 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES 291 291 100 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION 33,027 33,027 110 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION 50,200 50,200 120 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 119,124 119,124 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES 1,323,847 1,323,847 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 130 ADMINISTRATION 2,067 2,067 140 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT 13,575 13,575 150 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT 2,173 2,173 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 17,815 17,815 UNDISTRIBUTED 998 UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –2,900 Unobligated balances –2,900 SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –2,900 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES 1,341,662 1,338,762 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATING FORCES 132,907 132,907 020 DEPOT MAINTENANCE 22,073 22,073 030 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION 47,677 47,677 040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 122,734 122,734 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES 325,391 325,391 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 050 ADMINISTRATION 12,689 12,689 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 12,689 12,689 UNDISTRIBUTED 998 UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –1,800 Unobligated balances –1,800 SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –1,800 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 338,080 336,280 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES 910,849 1,060,388 Campaigning—Pacific Air Forces (PACAF) - INDOPACOM UFR 48,000 Fighter Force Re-Optimization (+208 PMAI a/c)—AF UFR 1,981 Prevent retirement of F–15Es 98,144 Prevent retirement of F–22s 1,414 020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES 2,631,887 2,687,887 Campaigning—Pacific Air Forces (PACAF) - INDOPACOM UFR 20,000 C-UAS Electronic Support—CENTCOM UFR 36,000 030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) 1,526,855 1,793,155 PACAF biennial ACE exercises—AF UFR 266,300 040 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE 4,862,731 4,875,974 Prevent retirement of F–22s 13,243 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 4,413,268 6,253,268 Air Force 95% executable FSRM 1,150,000 Guam disaster recovery and resilient rebuild FSRM 680,000 Increases to unfunded requirements for PFAS 10,000 060 CYBERSPACE SUSTAINMENT 245,330 245,330 070 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT 10,100,030 10,406,232 Campaigning—Pacific Air Forces (PACAF) - INDOPACOM UFR 21,500 Fighter Force Re-Optimization (+208 PMAI a/c)—AF UFR 3,156 Prevent retirement of F–22s 281,546 080 FLYING HOUR PROGRAM 7,010,770 7,828,786 Prevent retirement of F–22s 65,017 USAF one-time spares increase—AF UFR 752,999 090 BASE SUPPORT 11,449,394 11,449,394 100 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING 1,294,815 1,294,815 110 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS 1,840,433 1,857,032 Counter Uncrewed Systems (C-UxS) / Integrated Air and Missile Defense (IAMD)—AFRICOM 16,599 120 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES 874,283 874,283 140 MEDICAL READINESS 567,561 567,561 160 US NORTHCOM/NORAD 212,311 272,011 Expand JTF North 25,000 Foundational information technology 34,700 170 US STRATCOM 524,159 524,659 Expeditionary Shelter Protection System 500 190 US CENTCOM 333,250 421,250 Cloud Computing Environment / Cloud Transition—CENTCOM UFR 20,000 Data Analysis and Artificial Intelligence (AI) Initiative—CENTCOM UFR 8,000 Mission Data Platform Enterprise Licenses—CENTCOM UFR 16,000 MSS Licenses and AI Enhancements—CENTCOM UFR 44,000 200 US SOCOM 28,431 28,431 210 US TRANSCOM 681 681 220 CENTCOM CYBERSPACE SUSTAINMENT 1,466 1,466 230 USSPACECOM 418,153 418,153 999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 1,848,981 1,848,981 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES 51,095,638 56,558,718 MOBILIZATION 250 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS 3,502,648 3,502,648 260 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS 260,168 260,168 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION 3,762,816 3,762,816 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 270 OFFICER ACQUISITION 219,822 219,581 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –241 280 RECRUIT TRAINING 28,133 28,133 290 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) 129,859 124,132 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –5,727 300 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING 624,525 624,525 310 FLIGHT TRAINING 882,998 882,998 320 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION 322,278 323,278 Key Partners for Middle East Regional Integration Military Subject Matter Exchange Program 1,000 330 TRAINING SUPPORT 192,028 192,028 340 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING 216,939 216,939 350 EXAMINING 7,913 7,913 360 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION 255,673 255,673 370 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING 361,897 361,897 380 JUNIOR ROTC 74,682 74,682 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING 3,316,747 3,311,779 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 390 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS 1,212,268 1,212,268 400 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES 175,511 175,511 410 ADMINISTRATION 1,381,555 1,368,358 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –13,197 420 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS 34,913 34,913 430 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 1,933,264 1,933,264 440 CIVIL AIR PATROL 31,520 31,520 460 DEF ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT ACCOUNT 51,756 51,756 480 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT 93,490 93,490 999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 1,528,256 1,528,256 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 6,442,533 7,957,592 UNDISTRIBUTED 998 UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –153,350 Foreign Currency Fluctuations –3,650 Unobligated balances –149,700 SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –153,350 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 64,617,734 68,060,318 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, SPACE FORCE OPERATING FORCES 010 GLOBAL C3I & EARLY WARNING 694,469 694,469 020 SPACE LAUNCH OPERATIONS 373,584 373,584 030 SPACE OPERATIONS 936,956 936,956 040 EDUCATION & TRAINING 235,459 235,459 060 DEPOT MAINTENANCE 80,571 80,571 070 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 488,709 500,709 STARCOM Facility—Space Force UFR 12,000 080 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS AND SYSTEM SUPPORT 1,346,611 1,346,611 090 SPACE OPERATIONS -BOS 238,717 238,717 100 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES 139,983 139,983 999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 537,908 537,908 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES 5,072,967 5,084,967 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 110 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS 35,313 35,313 120 ADMINISTRATION 183,992 183,992 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 219,305 219,305 UNDISTRIBUTED 998 UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –32,050 Foreign Currency Fluctuations –50 Unobligated balances –32,000 SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –32,050 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, SPACE FORCE 5,292,272 5,272,222 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES 1,958,968 1,958,968 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS 177,080 177,080 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE 597,172 597,172 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 123,394 123,394 050 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT 601,302 601,302 060 BASE SUPPORT 585,943 585,943 070 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES 2,331 2,331 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES 4,046,190 4,046,190 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 080 ADMINISTRATION 92,732 92,647 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –85 090 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING 10,855 10,855 100 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERS MGMT (ARPC) 17,188 17,188 110 OTHER PERS SUPPORT (DISABILITY COMP) 6,304 6,304 120 AUDIOVISUAL 527 527 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 127,606 127,521 UNDISTRIBUTED 998 UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –33,300 Unobligated balances –33,300 SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –33,300 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE 4,173,796 4,140,411 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 010 AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS 2,626,498 2,626,498 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS 649,621 649,621 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE 1,004,771 1,004,771 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 458,917 458,917 050 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT 1,353,383 1,353,383 060 BASE SUPPORT 1,119,429 1,119,243 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –186 070 CYBERSPACE SUSTAINMENT 14,291 14,291 080 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES 57,162 57,162 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES 7,284,072 7,283,886 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 090 ADMINISTRATION 71,454 71,964 Increase for 7 new State Partnership Program partners—NGB UFR 510 100 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING 48,245 48,245 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 119,699 120,209 UNDISTRIBUTED 998 UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –8,600 Unobligated balances –8,600 SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –8,600 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG 7,403,771 7,395,495 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF 461,772 460,272 Unobligated balances –1,500 020 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF—JTEEP 696,446 696,446 030 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF—CYBER 9,100 9,100 040 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE—MISO 253,176 267,176 Military Information Support Operations (MISO)—AFRICOM 14,000 050 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND COMBAT DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES 2,082,777 2,082,777 060 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND MAINTENANCE 1,197,289 1,198,289 Counter Uncrewed Systems—SOCOM UFR 1,000 070 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND MANAGEMENT/OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS 203,622 203,622 080 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND THEATER FORCES 3,410,271 3,410,271 090 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES 51,263 51,263 100 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND INTELLIGENCE 1,266,217 1,266,217 110 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND OPERATIONAL SUPPORT 1,453,809 1,453,809 120 CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS 1,361,360 1,396,360 Department of Defense-Wide Internet Operations Management Capability 10,000 Program increase 25,000 130 USCYBERCOM HEADQUARTERS 344,376 344,376 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES 12,791,478 12,839,978 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 140 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY 184,963 184,963 150 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF 132,101 133,101 Key Partners for Middle East Regional Integration Military Subject Matter Exchange Program 1,000 160 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION 31,806 31,806 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING 348,870 349,870 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 170 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS 140,375 140,375 180 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY—CYBER 4,961 4,961 190 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY 673,621 667,521 Unobligated balances –6,100 200 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY 1,543,134 1,542,134 Unobligated balances –1,000 210 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY—CYBER 42,541 42,541 220 DEFENSE COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY AGENCY 952,464 952,464 240 DEFENSE COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY AGENCY—CYBER 9,794 9,794 250 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY—CYBER 39,781 39,781 260 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY 1,104,152 1,112,152 Re-establishment of Troops-to-Teachers program 8,000 290 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY 2,614,041 2,610,641 Unobligated balances –3,400 300 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY—CYBER 504,896 504,896 310 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY 207,918 197,118 Unobligated balances –10,800 320 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY 412,257 400,572 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –10,085 Unobligated balances –1,600 330 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY 244,689 244,689 340 DEFENSE POW/MIA OFFICE 188,022 188,022 350 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY 2,889,957 3,333,657 Full replenishment funding for Taiwan drawdowns 400,000 Irregular Warfare Center 5,000 JPAC, IBP analytical expansion 5,000 Near Coastal Patrol Vessel—SOUTHCOM 12,500 Theater Maintenance Partnership Initiative (TMPI)—SOUTHCOM 21,200 360 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATION 42,380 42,380 370 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 858,476 858,476 390 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY—CYBER 72,952 72,952 400 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY 3,559,288 3,639,288 Impact aid for children with severe disabilities 30,000 Impact aid for schools with military dependent students 50,000 410 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 605,766 605,766 420 OFFICE OF THE LOCAL DEFENSE COMMUNITY COOPERATION 117,081 117,081 460 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE—CYBER 99,583 99,583 470 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE 2,980,715 3,025,279 Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup 30,000 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Nation-wide human health assessment 5,000 Defense Operational Resilience International Cooperation 15,000 Diversity and inclusion programs reduction –15,436 Readiness and Environmental Protection Integration program 10,000 480 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES 496,512 496,512 999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 20,630,146 20,655,146 SD-WAN classified network expansion 25,000 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 41,035,502 41,603,781 UNDISTRIBUTED 998 UNDISTRIBUTED 0 1,330,090 Foreign Currency Fluctuations –580 FY25 bulk fuel bill 1,330,670 SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED 0 1,330,090 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 54,175,850 56,123,719 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES 010 US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE 21,035 21,035 SUBTOTAL UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES 21,035 21,035 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 21,035 21,035 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID 010 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID 115,335 115,335 SUBTOTAL OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID 115,335 115,335 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 115,335 115,335 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT 010 COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION 350,116 350,116 SUBTOTAL COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT 350,116 350,116 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 350,116 350,116 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT 010 ACQ WORKFORCE DEV FD 56,176 56,176 SUBTOTAL ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT 56,176 56,176 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 56,176 56,176 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY 060 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY 268,069 338,069 Increases to unfunded requirements for PFAS 70,000 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY 268,069 338,069 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 268,069 338,069 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY 120 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE 8,800 8,800 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY 8,800 8,800 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 8,800 8,800 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE 100 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE 320,256 330,256 Increases to unfunded requirements for PFAS 10,000 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE 320,256 330,256 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 320,256 330,256 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE 080 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY 343,591 343,591 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE 343,591 343,591 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 343,591 343,591 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, FORMERLY USED DEFENSE SITES 140 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES 234,475 234,475 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, FORMERLY USED DEFENSE SITES 234,475 234,475 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 234,475 234,475 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 296,334,504 305,237,190 XLIV MILITARY PERSONNEL 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2025 Request Senate Authorized MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS 170,834,234 171,254,888 Air Force Reserve—diversity and inclusion programs reduction –75 Air National Guard—diversity and inclusion programs reduction –546 Air National Guard AGR end strength increase 30,000 Air National Guard increase for 7 new State Partnership Program partners—NGB UFR 1,350 Army National Guard—diversity and inclusion programs reduction –83 Army National Guard increase for 7 new State Partnership Program partners—NGB UFR 1,800 Foreign currency fluctuation –8,600 FY25 topline increase for junior enlisted pay increase 1,000,000 Increase to junior enlisted pay 57,000 Prevent retirement of F–15Es 19,258 Prevent retirement of F–22s 57,910 Unobligated balances –737,360 SUBTOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS 170,834,234 171,254,888 MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH CARE FUND CONTRIBUTIONS MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH CARE FUND CONTRIBUTIONS 11,046,305 11,046,305 SUBTOTAL MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH CARE FUND CONTRIBUTIONS 11,046,305 11,046,305 TOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL 181,880,539 182,301,193 XLV OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2025 Request Senate Authorized WORKING CAPITAL FUND WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 010 INDUSTRIAL OPERATIONS 21,776 21,776 030 SUPPLY MANAGEMENT—ARMY 1,828 1,828 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 23,604 23,604 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, NAVY 020 NAVAL SURFACE WARFARE CENTERS 30,000 30,000 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, NAVY 30,000 30,000 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 020 SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS 86,874 246,674 Enterprise Space Activity Group Working Capital Fund Cash Corpus—Space Force UFR 159,800 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 86,874 246,674 NATIONAL DEFENSE STOCKPILE TRANSACTION FUND 010 DEFENSE STOCKPILE 7,629 207,629 Program increase for National Defense Stockpile 200,000 SUBTOTAL NATIONAL DEFENSE STOCKPILE TRANSACTION FUND 7,629 207,629 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 010 DEFENSE AUTOMATION & PRODUCTION SERVICES 03 03 020 ENERGY MANAGEMENT—DEF 2,253 2,253 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 2,256 2,256 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA 010 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA 1,570,187 1,570,187 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA 1,570,187 1,570,187 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND 1,720,550 2,080,350 CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 1 CHEM DEMILITARIZATION—O&M 20,745 20,745 SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 20,745 20,745 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 2 CHEM DEMILITARIZATION—RDT&E 754,762 754,762 SUBTOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 754,762 754,762 TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION 775,507 775,507 DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTRDCTN 010 COUNTER-NARCOTICS SUPPORT 339,292 392,277 Prioritizing counter-drug 52,985 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 314,410 314,410 SUBTOTAL DRUG INTRDCTN 653,702 706,687 DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM 020 DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM 135,567 135,567 SUBTOTAL DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM 135,567 135,567 NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM 030 NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM 106,043 106,043 SUBTOTAL NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM 106,043 106,043 NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG SCHOOLS 040 NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG SCHOOLS 6,167 6,167 SUBTOTAL NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG SCHOOLS 6,167 6,167 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF 901,479 954,464 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 010 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 542,107 542,107 020 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 1,988 1,988 030 RDT&E 1,900 1,900 040 PROCUREMENT 1,336 1,336 SUBTOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 544,095 544,095 SUBTOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 1,900 1,900 SUBTOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 1,336 1,336 TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 547,331 547,331 DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 010 IN-HOUSE CARE 10,766,432 10,766,432 020 PRIVATE SECTOR CARE 20,599,128 20,603,128 Brain health and trauma demonstration program 4,000 040 INFORMATION MANAGEMENT 2,469,204 2,469,204 050 MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 341,254 341,254 060 EDUCATION AND TRAINING 371,817 371,817 070 BASE OPERATIONS/COMMUNICATIONS 2,306,692 2,306,692 30 CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT 2,048,030 2,048,030 SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 38,902,557 38,906,557 RDT&E 080 R&D RESEARCH 41,476 41,476 090 R&D EXPLORATRY DEVELOPMENT 188,564 188,564 100 R&D ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT 328,825 328,825 110 R&D DEMONSTRATION/VALIDATION 175,518 175,518 120 R&D ENGINEERING DEVELOPMENT 130,931 130,931 130 R&D MANAGEMENT AND SUPPORT 88,425 88,425 140 R&D CAPABILITIES ENHANCEMENT 18,697 18,697 SUBTOTAL RDT&E 972,436 972,436 PROCUREMENT 150 PROC INITIAL OUTFITTING 23,449 23,449 160 PROC REPLACEMENT & MODERNIZATION 243,184 243,184 170 PROC JOINT OPERATIONAL MEDICINE INFORMATION SYSTEM 30,129 30,129 180 PROC MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM—DESKTOP TO DATACENTER 75,536 75,536 190 PROC DOD HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM MODERNIZATION 26,569 26,569 SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT 398,867 398,867 UNDISTRIBUTED 190 UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –186,800 Foreign Currency Fluctuations –900 Unobligated balances –185,900 SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED 0 –186,800 TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 40,273,860 40,091,060 TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 44,218,727 44,448,712 XLVI MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2025 Request Senate Authorized MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ARMY Alaska Army Fort Wainwright AUTOMATED MULTIPURPOSE MACHINE GUN RANGE 23,000 23,000 Army Fort Wainwright UNACCOMPANIED ENLISTED PERSONNEL HOUSING 0 15,000 Arizona Army Libby Army Airfield AIRFIELD CONTROL TOWER (DESIGN) 0 1,500 Army Libby Army Airfield FIRE & RESCUE STATION (DESIGN) 0 4,000 Army Yuma Proving Ground POLE LINE ROAD (DESIGN) 0 1,000 Belgium Army Shape Headquarters YOUTH CENTER 45,000 45,000 California Army Fort Irwin TRAINING SUPPORT CENTER 44,000 44,000 Army Military Ocean Terminal Concord AMMUNITION HOLDING FACILITY 68,000 68,000 Florida Army Naval Air Station Key West JOINT INTER-AGENCY TASK FORCE-SOUTH COMMAND AND CONTROL FACILITY 0 90,000 Georgia Army Fort Eisenhower CYBER FACULTY OPERATIONS AND AUDITORIUM FACILITY (DESIGN) 0 6,100 Army Fort Moore DEXTER ELEMENTARY SCHOOL (DESIGN) 0 14,000 Army Fort Stewart UNACCOMPANIED PERSONNEL BARRACKS (DESIGN) 0 5,600 Germany Army Smith Barracks BARRACKS 61,000 61,000 Army U.S. Army Garrison Ansbach BARRACKS 100,000 100,000 Army U.S. Army Garrison Ansbach BARRACKS 91,000 91,000 Army U.S. Army Garrison Bavaria COST TO COMPLETE—SIMULATIONS CENTER 35,000 35,000 Army U.S. Army Garrison Bavaria OPERATIONAL READINESS TRAINING COMPLEX (ORTC) UNDERGROUND ELECTRIC LINE 0 12,856 Army U.S. Army Garrison Wiesbaden CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER 44,000 44,000 Guam Army Joint Region Marianas GDS BATTALION HEADQUARTERS 0 47,000 Army Joint Region Marianas GDS ENVIRONMENTAL MITIGATION 0 23,000 Army Joint Region Marianas GDS FORWARD OPERATING SITES 0 75,000 Hawaii Army Bradshaw Army Airfield AIRFIELD OPERATIONS BUILDING 0 20,000 Army Wheeler Army Airfield AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE HANGAR 231,000 36,000 Illinois Army Rock Island Arsenal CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER (DESIGN) 0 1,320 Kentucky Army Campbell Army Airfield AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWER (DESIGN) 0 3,000 Army Fort Campbell AUTOMATED RECORD FIRE PLUS RANGE 11,800 11,800 Army Fort Campbell CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER (DESIGN) 0 3,000 Army Fort Campbell HANGAR (DESIGN) 0 6,000 Army Fort Campbell MODERNIZED HANGAR (DESIGN) 0 11,000 Army Fort Knox SOLDIER SERVICES CENTER (DESIGN) 0 4,200 Louisiana Army Fort Johnson BARRACKS 117,000 0 Army Fort Johnson ROTATIONAL UNIT BILLETING AREA (DESIGN) 0 6,300 Maryland Army Fort Meade CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER 46,000 46,000 Michigan Army Detroit Arsenal MANNED/UNMANNED TACTICAL VEHICLE LAB 37,000 37,000 Missouri Army Fort Leonard Wood ADVANCED INDIVIDUAL TRAINING BARRACKS COMPLEX, PHASE 2 144,000 120,000 New York Army Fort Drum AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE HANGAR ADDITION, WASH RACK AND PAINT BOOTH (DESIGN) 0 9,800 Army Fort Drum ARMY COMBAT FITNESS TESTING FACILITY FIELD HOUSE (DESIGN) 0 8,300 Army Fort Drum FIELD ARTILLERY VEHICLE STORAGE SHEDS (DESIGN) 0 830 Army Fort Drum ORTC PHASE II, ENLISTED TRANSIENT TRAINING BARRACKS (DESIGN) 0 6,100 Army Fort Drum RANGE 41C, AUTOMATED RECORD FIRE MODIFICATION FOR NEXT GENERATION SQUAD WEAPON (DESIGN) 0 2,300 Army Watervliet Arsenal FIRE STATION 53,000 53,000 Army Wheeler-Sack Army Airfield FIRE STATION 3 (DESIGN) 0 2,900 North Carolina Army Fort Liberty CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER 39,000 0 Pennsylvania Army Letterkenny Army Depot COMPONENT REBUILD SHOP (INC 1) 90,000 45,000 Army Letterkenny Army Depot MISSILE/MUNITIONS DISTRIBUTION FACILITY 62,000 62,000 Puerto Rico Army Fort Buchanan POTABLE WATER PURIFICATION SYSTEM 0 20,100 South Carolina Army Fort Jackson CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER (DESIGN) 0 4,915 Texas Army Fort Bliss COST TO COMPLETE—RAIL YARD 44,000 44,000 Army Fort Cavazos MOTOR POOL #70 0 69,000 Army Fort Cavazos MOTOR POOL #71 0 78,000 Army Red River Army Depot VEHICLE PAINT SHOP 34,000 34,000 Virginia Army Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall BARRACKS 180,000 180,000 Army Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall HORSE FARM LAND ACQUISITION 8,500 0 Washington Army Joint Base Lewis-McChord BARRACKS 161,000 37,000 Army Joint Base Lewis-McChord FIRE AND RESCUE STATION (DESIGN) 0 2,900 Army Joint Base Lewis-McChord SUPPLY SUPPORT ACTIVITY 31,000 31,000 Worldwide Unspecified Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN 273,727 273,727 Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN (BARRACKS) 0 47,650 Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: MINOR CONSTRUCTION 14,519 14,519 Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations HOST NATION SUPPORT 25,000 25,000 Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations MINOR CONSTRUCTION 97,000 97,000 Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations PDI: DESIGN 26,011 26,011 Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations PDI: INDOPACOM MINOR CONSTRUCTION PILOT 66,600 66,600 Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations PDI: MINOR CONSTRUCTION 8,000 8,000 Subtotal Military Construction, Army 2,311,157 2,361,328 NAVY & MARINE CORPS Arizona Navy & Marine Corps Marine Corps Air Station Yuma IAP RUNWAY EXTENSION (DESIGN) 0 10,237 Navy & Marine Corps Marine Corps Air Station Yuma WATER TREATMENT PLANT 0 50,000 Australia Navy & Marine Corps Royal Australian Air Force Base Darwin PDI: AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE HANGAR 117,380 32,380 Navy & Marine Corps Royal Australian Air Force Base Darwin PDI: MAINTENANCE SUPPORT FACILITY 62,320 62,320 Federated States of Micronesia Navy & Marine Corps Yap International Airport AIRFIELD PAVEMENT UPGRADES 0 50,000 Navy & Marine Corps Yap International Airport PORT & HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS 0 709,086 Florida Navy & Marine Corps Cape Canaveral Space Force Station ENGINEERING TEST FACILITY 221,060 72,060 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Air Station Whiting Field CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER (DESIGN) 0 3,043 Georgia Navy & Marine Corps Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay TRIDENT REFIT FACILITY EXPANSION (INC) 115,000 115,000 Guam Navy & Marine Corps Andersen Air Force Base HSC–25 HANGAR REPLACEMENT FACILITY 2641 0 125,000 Navy & Marine Corps Andersen Air Force Base PDI: YOUTH CENTER 78,730 78,730 Navy & Marine Corps Joint Region Marianas JOINT COMMUNICATION UPGRADE 0 166,170 Navy & Marine Corps Joint Region Marianas JOINT CONSOLIDATED COMM CENTER 0 196,400 Navy & Marine Corps Joint Region Marianas SATELLITE COMM CENTER 0 307,000 Navy & Marine Corps Joint Region Marianas PDI: EARTH COVERED MAGAZINES 107,439 42,439 Hawaii Navy & Marine Corps Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam DRY DOCK 3 REPLACEMENT (INC) 1,199,000 1,271,000 Navy & Marine Corps Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam WATER TREATMENT PLANT 0 75,000 Navy & Marine Corps Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam WATERFRONT PRODUCTION FACILITY 0 105,000 Navy & Marine Corps Marine Corps Base Kaneohe Bay AIRCRAFT HANGAR & PARKING APRON 203,520 33,520 Navy & Marine Corps Marine Corps Base Kaneohe Bay AIRCRAFT REFUEL PIT 0 17,000 Navy & Marine Corps Marine Corps Base Kaneohe Bay ELECTRICAL DISTRIBUTION MODERNIZATION 0 94,250 Navy & Marine Corps Marine Corps Base Kaneohe Bay MAIN GATE ENTRY CONTROL FACILITY 0 64,100 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Ammunition Depot West Loch HIGH EXPLOSIVE MAGAZINES 0 104,870 Japan Navy & Marine Corps Marine Corops Base Camp Butler MICROGRID AND BACKUP POWER 0 86,180 Maine Navy & Marine Corps Portsmouth Naval Shipyard MULTI-MISSION DRY DOCK #1 EXTENSION (INC) 400,578 335,578 Maryland Navy & Marine Corps Naval Surface Warfare Center Indian Head CONTAINED BURN FACILITY 0 50,000 Nevada Navy & Marine Corps Naval Air Station Fallon RANGE TRAINING COMPLEX IMPROVEMENTS 0 45,000 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Air Station Fallon TRAINING RANGE LAND ACQUISITION, PHASE 2 48,300 48,300 North Carolina Navy & Marine Corps Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE HANGAR 213,520 65,520 Navy & Marine Corps Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point COMPOSITE REPAIR FACILITY 114,020 20,020 Navy & Marine Corps Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point F–35 AIRCRAFT SUSTAINMENT CENTER (INC) 50,000 50,000 Palau Navy & Marine Corps Koror, Port of Malakal HARBOR WHARF IMPROVEMENTS 0 583,137 Virginia Navy & Marine Corps Marine Corps Base Quantico CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER (DESIGN) 0 5,681 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Air Station Oceana UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING (DESIGN) 0 7,323 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Station Norfolk CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER (DESIGN) 0 1,200 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Weapons Station Yorktown CONTAINERIZED LONG WEAPONS STORAGE MAGAZINE 52,610 52,610 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Weapons Station Yorktown CONVENTIONAL PROMPT STRIKE TEST FACILITY 47,130 47,130 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Weapons Station Yorktown CONVENTIONAL PROMPT STRIKE WEAPONS MAINTENANCE, OPERATIONS & STORAGE FACILITY 52,110 52,110 Navy & Marine Corps Norfolk Naval Shipyard DRY DOCK 3 MODERNIZATION (INC) 54,366 54,366 Washington Navy & Marine Corps Naval Base Kitsap LAUNCHER EQUIPMENT PROCESSING BUILDING 200,550 35,550 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Base Kitsap MICROGRID 0 77,270 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Magazine Indian Island MICROGRID AND BACKUP POWER 0 37,770 Navy & Marine Corps Puget Sound Naval Shipyard CVN 78 AIRCRAFT CARRIER ELECTRIC UPGRADES 182,200 26,200 Worldwide Unspecified Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN 797,446 797,446 Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN (BARRACKS) 0 61,000 Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations DPRI UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 21,302 21,302 Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 202,318 202,318 Subtotal Military Construction, Navy & Marine Corps 4,540,899 6,547,616 AIR FORCE Alaska Air Force Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS COMPLEX (DESIGN) 0 16,000 Air Force Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson JOINT INTEGRATED TEST AND TRAINING CTR (INC) 126,000 126,000 Arkansas Air Force Ebbing Air National Guard Base ACADEMIC TRAINING CENTER, FOREIGN MILITARY TRAINING 0 74,000 California Air Force Beale Air Force Base MULTI-DOMAIN OPERATIONS COMPLEX 0 148,000 Air Force Vandenberg Space Force Base GBSD RE-ENTRY VEHICLE FACILITY 110,000 45,000 Air Force Vandenberg Space Force Base SENTINEL AETC FORMAL TRAINING UNIT 167,000 90,000 Colorado Air Force Buckley Space Force Base POWER INDEPENDENCE 0 60,000 Air Force United States Air Force Academy AERONAUTICS LABORATORY (DESIGN) 0 1,850 Delaware Air Force Dover Air Force Base 512TH OPERATIONS GROUP FACILITY (DESIGN) 0 4,200 Denmark Air Force Royal Danish Air Force Base Karup EDI: DABS-FEV STORAGE 110,000 25,000 District of Columbia Air Force Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling LARGE VEHICLE INSPECTION STATION 0 50,000 Federated States of Micronesia Air Force Yap International Airport IAP RUNWAY EXTENSION 0 50,000 Air Force Yap International Airport PDI: RUNWAY EXTENSION (INC) 96,000 96,000 Florida Air Force Eglin Air Force Base ELECTROMAGNETIC SPECTRUM OPERATIONS SUPERIORITY COMPLEX (DESIGN) 0 10,000 Air Force Eglin Air Force Base LRSO HARDWARE SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT TEST FACILITY 8,400 8,400 Air Force Tyndall Air Force Base FIRE/CRASH RESCUE STATION 0 48,000 Georgia Air Force Robins Air Force Base BATTLE MANAGEMENT COMBINED OPS COMPLEX (INC) 64,000 64,000 Germany Air Force Ramstein Air Base AEROMEDICAL EVACUATION COMPOUND 0 22,000 Idaho Air Force Mountain Home Air Force Base CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER 40,000 40,000 Japan Air Force Kadena Air Base PDI: THEATER A/C CORROSION CONTROL CTR (INC 3) 132,700 57,700 Louisiana Air Force Barksdale Air Force Base ADAL CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER 0 22,000 Massachusetts Air Force Hanscom Air Force Base MIT-LL/ENGINEERING AND PROTOTYPE FACILITY (INC) 76,000 76,000 Mississippi Air Force Keesler Air Force Base AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWER 0 25,000 Montana Air Force Malmstrom Air Force Base GBSD COMMERCIAL ENTRANCE CONTROL FACILITY 20,000 20,000 Air Force Malmstrom Air Force Base WEAPONS STORAGE & MAINTENANCE FACILITY (INC) 238,000 238,000 Nebraska Air Force Offutt Air Force Base CONSOLIDATED TRAINING COMPLEX/PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT CENTER (DESIGN) 0 6,000 North Carolina Air Force Seymour Johnson Air Force Base COMBAT ARMS TRAINING AND MAINTENANCE COMPLEX 0 41,000 North Dakota Air Force Grand Forks Air Force Base RUNWAY (DESIGN) 0 1,900 Ohio Air Force Wright-Patterson Air Force Base RUNWAY (DESIGN) 0 15,000 Air Force Wright-Patterson Air Force Base SPACE FORCE INTELLIGENCE CENTER (DESIGN) 0 1,900 Oregon Air Force Mountain Home Air Force Base HOMELAND DEFENSE OVER-THE-HORIZON RADAR (INC) 198,000 198,000 South Dakota Air Force Ellsworth Air Force Base B–21 ADAL SQUADRON OPERATIONS 44,000 44,000 Air Force Ellsworth Air Force Base B–21 EAST ALERT APRON ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION SHELTERS 79,000 79,000 Air Force Ellsworth Air Force Base B–21 NORTH ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION SHELTERS (60 ROW) 54,000 54,000 Air Force Ellsworth Air Force Base B–21 WEAPONS GENERATION FACILITY (INC) 105,000 105,000 Spain Air Force Naval Station Rota NATO STRATEGIC AIRLIFT HANGAR 15,200 15,200 Texas Air Force Dyess Air Force Base B–21 LRS FUELS ADMINISTRATIVE LABORATORY 12,800 12,800 Air Force Dyess Air Force Base B–21 REFUELER TRUCK YARD 18,500 18,500 Air Force Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland BMT – CLASSROOM/DINING FACILITY 4 0 215,000 Air Force Joint Base San Antonio-Sam Houston METC—BARRACKS/SHIPS/DORMS #1 (INC) 77,000 77,000 Air Force Laughlin Air Force Base T–7A GROUND BASED TRAINING SYSTEM FACILITY 38,000 38,000 Air Force Laughlin Air Force Base T–7A UNITY MAINTENANCE TRAINING FACILITY 18,000 18,000 United Kingdom Air Force Royal Air Force Lakenheath SURETY: BARRIER SYSTEMS 185,000 5,000 Air Force Royal Air Force Mildenhall SOW CAMPUS INFRASTRUCTURE 51,000 51,000 Unspecified Air Force Unspecified SAOC (DESIGN) 0 158,200 Utah Air Force Hill Air Force Base T–7A DEPOT MAINTENANCE COMPLEX (INC) 50,000 50,000 Virginia Air Force Joint Base Langley-Eustis DORMITORY 81,000 81,000 Worldwide Unspecified Air Force Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN 439,926 439,926 Air Force Unspecified Worldwide Locations INDOPACOM DESIGN 0 117,590 Air Force Unspecified Worldwide Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 129,600 129,600 Wyoming Air Force F.E. Warren Air Force Base GBSD CONSOLIDATED MAINTENANCE FACILITY 194,000 50,000 Air Force F.E. Warren Air Force Base GBSD LAND ACQUISITION, PHASE 2 139,000 59,000 Air Force F.E. Warren Air Force Base GBSD UTILITY CORRIDOR (INC) 70,000 70,000 Subtotal Military Construction, Air Force 3,187,126 3,568,766 DEFENSE-WIDE Alabama Defense-Wide Anniston Army Depot POWER GENERATION AND MICROGRID 0 56,450 Defense-Wide Redstone Arsenal GROUND TEST FACILITY INFRASTRUCTURE (INC) 80,000 80,000 Alaska Defense-Wide Eielson Air Force Base FUELS OPERATIONS & LAB FACILITY 14,000 14,000 Defense-Wide Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson FUEL FACILITIES 55,000 55,000 Arizona Defense-Wide Marine Corps Air Station Yuma SOF MILITARY FREE FALL ADVANCED TRAIN COMPLEX 62,000 62,000 Bahrain Defense-Wide Naval Support Bahrain GROUND MOUNTED SOLAR PHOTOVOLTAIC SYSTEM 0 15,330 California Defense-Wide Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton AMBULATORY CARE CENTER ADD/ALT (AREA 53) 26,440 26,440 Defense-Wide Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton AMBULATORY CARE CENTER ADD/ALT (AREA 62) 24,930 24,930 Defense-Wide Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton AMBULATORY CARE CENTER REPLACEMENT (AREA 22) 45,040 45,040 Defense-Wide Marine Corps Mountain Warfare Training Center FUEL FACILITIES 19,300 19,300 Defense-Wide Naval Base Coronado SOF OPERATIONS SUPPORT FACILITY, PHASE 2 51,000 0 Colorado Defense-Wide Fort Carson AMBULATORY CARE CENTER REPLACEMENT 41,000 41,000 Cuba Defense-Wide Naval Station Guantanamo Bay AMBULATORY CARE CENTER REPLACEMENT (INC 2) 96,829 96,829 Delaware Defense-Wide Major Joseph R. “beau” Biden III National Guard/Reserve Center MICROGRID AND BACKUP POWER 0 22,050 Florida Defense-Wide Hurlburt Field SOF AFSOC OPERATIONS FACILITY 14,000 14,000 Georgia Defense-Wide Hunter Army Airfield SOF CONSOLIDATED RIGGING FACILITY 47,000 47,000 Defense-Wide Hunter Army Airfield SOF MILITARY WORKING DOG KENNEL FACILITY 16,800 16,800 Germany Defense-Wide Spangdahlem Air Base COST TO COMPLETE—SPANGDAHLEM ELEMENTARY SCHOOL REPLACEMENT 6,500 6,500 Greece Defense-Wide Naval Support Activity Souda Bay ADVANCED MICROGRID 0 42,500 Guam Defense-Wide Joint Region Marianas GUAM HIGH SCHOOL TEMPORARY FACILITIES 26,000 26,000 Defense-Wide Joint Region Marianas PDI: GDS, COMMAND CENTER (INC) 187,212 187,212 Defense-Wide Joint Region Marianas PDI: GDS, EIAMD, PHASE 1 (INC) 278,267 278,267 Hawaii Defense-Wide Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam FY20 500 KW PV COVERED PARKING EV CHARGING STATION 0 12,813 Illinois Defense-Wide Rock Island Arsenal POWER GENERATION AND MICROGRID 0 70,480 Indiana Defense-Wide Camp Atterbury-Muscatatuck POWER GENERATION AND MICROGRID 0 39,180 Italy Defense-Wide Naval Air Station Sigonella MICROGRID CONTROL SYSTEMS 0 13,470 Japan Defense-Wide Camp Fuji MICROGRID AND BACKUP POWER 0 45,870 Defense-Wide Fleet Activities Yokosuka KINNICK HIGH SCHOOL (INC) 40,386 40,386 Defense-Wide Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni MICROGRID AND BACKUP POWER, NATURAL GAS PLANT 0 48,570 Defense-Wide Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni MICROGRID AND BACKUP POWER, SOLAR PV AND BESS 0 40,830 Defense-Wide Marine Corps Base Camp Smedley D. Butler KUBASAKI HIGH SCHOOL 160,000 147,000 Defense-Wide Marine Corps Base Camp Smedley D. Butler MICROGRID AND BACKUP POWER, CAMP COURTNEY 0 57,570 Korea Defense-Wide Kunsan Air Base AMBULATORY CARE CENTER REPLACEMENT 64,942 64,942 Maine Defense-Wide Portsmouth Naval Shipyard POWER PLANT RESILIENCY IMPROVEMENTS 0 28,700 Maryland Defense-Wide Aberdeen Proving Ground POWER GENERATION AND MICROGRID 0 30,730 Defense-Wide Fort Meade NSAW EAST CAMPUS BUILDING #5 (INC 2) 265,000 265,000 Defense-Wide Joint Base Andrews AMBULATORY CARE CENTER (INC) 15,040 15,040 Defense-Wide Joint Base Andrews MICROGRID WITH ELECTRIC VEHICLE CHARGING INFRASTRUCTURE 0 17,920 Defense-Wide Walter Reed National Military Medical Center MEDCEN ADDITION/ALTERATION (INC 8) 77,651 77,651 Missouri Defense-Wide Whiteman Air Force Base FLIGHTLINE FUELING FACILITIES 19,500 19,500 New Jersey Defense-Wide Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst MICROGRID WITH ELECTRIC VEHICLE CHARGING INFRASTRUCTURE 0 17,730 North Carolina Defense-Wide Fort Liberty SOF ARMS ROOM ADDITION 11,800 11,800 Defense-Wide Fort Liberty SPECIAL WARFARE CENTER AND SCHOOL COMPANY OPERATIONS FACILITY 0 30,000 Defense-Wide Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune SOF ARMORY 25,400 25,400 Defense-Wide Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune SOF INFORMATION MANEUVER FACILITY 0 57,000 Ohio Defense-Wide Wright-Patterson Air Force Base DISTRICT COOLING PLANT 0 53,000 South Carolina Defense-Wide Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort FUEL PIER 31,500 31,500 Defense-Wide Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island AMBULATORY CARE CLINIC REPLACEMENT (DENTAL) 72,050 72,050 Texas Defense-Wide Naval Air Station Corpus Christi GENERAL PURPOSE WAREHOUSE 79,300 79,300 Defense-Wide NSA Texas CRYPTOLOGIC CENTER (INC) 152,000 152,000 United Kingdom Defense-Wide Royal Air Force Lakenheath LAKENHEATH HIGH SCHOOL 153,000 8,000 Virginia Defense-Wide Fort Belvoir DEFENSE HEALTH HEADQUARTERS 225,000 225,000 Defense-Wide Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story SOF HUMAN PERFORMANCE TRAINING CENTER 32,000 32,000 Defense-Wide Pentagon METRO ENTRANCE PEDESTRIAN ACCESS CONTROL POINT 36,800 36,800 Washington Defense-Wide Joint Base Lewis-McChord—Gray Army Airfield POWER GENERATION AND MICROGRID 0 40,000 Defense-Wide Naval Air Station Whidbey Island HYDRANT FUELING SYSTEM 54,000 54,000 Defense-Wide Naval Magazine Indian Island BACKUP POWER AND MICROGRID 0 39,490 Defense-Wide Naval Undersea Warfare Center Keyport SOF COLDWATER TRAINING/AUSTERE ENVIRONMENT FACILITY 35,000 0 Worldwide Unspecified Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations COST TO COMPLETE—ERCIP 0 103,100 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN (DEFENSE-WIDE) 26,081 26,081 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN (DHA) 46,751 46,751 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN (DLA) 105,000 105,000 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN (DODEA) 7,501 7,501 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN (MDA) 4,745 4,745 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN (NSA) 41,928 41,928 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN (SOCOM) 35,495 35,495 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN (TJS) 1,964 1,964 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN (WHS) 1,508 1,508 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations ENERGY RESILIENCE AND CONSERVATION INVESTMENT PROGRAM 636,000 0 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERCIP DESIGN 96,238 96,238 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations EXERCISE RELATED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 11,146 11,146 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION (DEFENSE-WIDE) 3,000 3,000 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION (DHA) 18,000 18,000 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION (DLA) 13,333 13,333 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION (DODEA) 7,400 7,400 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION (NSA) 6,000 6,000 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION (SOCOM) 24,109 24,109 Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 5,277 5,277 Subtotal Military Construction, Defense-Wide 3,733,163 3,735,946 ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Alaska Army National Guard Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER 67,000 67,000 Georgia Army National Guard Fort Eisenhower NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER (DESIGN) 0 3,264 Iowa Army National Guard Sioux City Armory NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP 13,800 13,800 Kentucky Army National Guard Fort Campbell READINESS CENTER 0 18,000 Louisiana Army National Guard Abbeville NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER (DESIGN) 0 2,275 Army National Guard Lafayette Readiness Center NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER 33,000 33,000 Maine Army National Guard Saco SOUTHERN MAINE READINESS CENTER (DESIGN) 0 1,000 Mississippi Army National Guard Southaven Readiness Center NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER 33,000 33,000 Montana Army National Guard Malta Readiness Center NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP 14,800 14,800 Nevada Army National Guard Hawthorne Army Depot AUTOMATED QUALIFICATION/TRAINING RANGE 18,000 18,000 New Jersey Army National Guard National Guard Training Center Sea Girt UNDERGROUND ELECTRICAL DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM 0 25,300 Army National Guard Vineland NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP 23,000 23,000 Ohio Army National Guard Lima READINESS CENTER 0 26,000 Oklahoma Army National Guard Shawnee Readiness Center NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER 29,000 29,000 Pennsylvania Army National Guard Danville VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP (DESIGN) 0 3,400 Rhode Island Army National Guard Quonset State Airport COST TO COMPLETE—ARMY AVIATION READINESS CENTER 0 3,000 Tennessee Army National Guard Fort Campbell NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER (DESIGN) 0 1,980 Utah Army National Guard Nephi Readiness Center NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP 20,000 20,000 Washington Army National Guard Camp Murray NATIONAL GUARD/RESERVE CENTER BUILDING 40,000 40,000 Wisconsin Army National Guard Rapids NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER (DESIGN) 0 3,800 Worldwide Unspecified Army National Guard Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN 25,529 83,129 Army National Guard Unspecified Worldwide Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 45,000 92,433 Subtotal Military Construction, Army National Guard 362,129 555,181 ARMY RESERVE California Army Reserve Camp Parks ADVANCED SKILLS TRAINING BARRACKS 42,000 42,000 Georgia Army Reserve Dobbins Air Reserve Base ARMY RESERVE CENTER 78,000 78,000 Kentucky Army Reserve Fort Knox AVIATION SUPPORT FACILITY 0 57,000 Massachusetts Army Reserve Devens Reserve Forces Training Area COLLECTIVE TRAINING ENLISTED BARRACKS 0 39,000 New Jersey Army Reserve Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst VERTICAL SKILLS FACILITY 16,000 16,000 Pennsylvania Army Reserve Wilkes-Barre AREA MAINTENANCE SUPPORT ACTIVITY EQUIPMENT 22,000 22,000 Puerto Rico Army Reserve Fort Buchanan ADVANCED SKILLS TRAINING BARRACKS 39,000 39,000 Virginia Army Reserve Richmond AREA MAINTENANCE SUPPORT ACTIVITY/VMS 23,000 23,000 Wisconsin Army Reserve Andrew Miller Army Reserve Center VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP (DESIGN) 0 1,600 Worldwide Unspecified Army Reserve Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN 31,508 31,508 Army Reserve Unspecified Worldwide Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 3,524 3,524 Subtotal Military Construction, Army Reserve 255,032 352,632 NAVY RESERVE & MARINE CORPS RESERVE Texas Navy Reserve & Marine Corps Reserve Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth WHOLE HANGAR REPAIR 0 75,000 Washington Navy Reserve & Marine Corps Reserve Joint Base Lewis-McChord PARACHUTE SURVIVAL TRAINING FACILITY 26,610 26,610 Worldwide Unspecified Navy Reserve & Marine Corps Reserve Unspecified Worldwide Locations MCNR DESIGN 663 663 Navy Reserve & Marine Corps Reserve Unspecified Worldwide Locations USMCR DESIGN 2,556 2,556 Subtotal Military Construction, Navy Reserve & Marine Corps Reserve 29,829 104,829 AIR NATIONAL GUARD Alaska Air National Guard Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson BASE SUPPLY COMPLEX 0 44,000 Air National Guard Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER SIMULATOR 19,300 19,300 California Air National Guard Moffett Airfield COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER SIMULATOR 12,600 12,600 Florida Air National Guard Jacksonville International Airport F–35 CONSOLIDATED WEAPONS TRAINING 26,200 26,200 Hawaii Air National Guard Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam SPACE CONTROL CENTER 36,600 36,600 Kentucky Air National Guard Louisville Muhammad Ali International Airport RESPONSE FORCE WAREHOUSE (DESIGN) 0 2,100 Maine Air National Guard Bangor International Airport FUEL CELL HANGAR 0 48,000 Mississippi Air National Guard Key Field ADAL MAINTENANCE HANGAR & CONSTRUCT AMU COMPLEX (DESIGN) 0 5,600 Air National Guard Key Field BASE SUPPLY WAREHOUSE (DESIGN) 0 1,900 Air National Guard Key Field CORROSION CONTROL HANGAR (DESIGN) 0 6,700 Air National Guard Key Field UPGRADED FUEL HYDRANT SYSTEM (DESIGN) 0 1,000 New Jersey Air National Guard Atlantic City International Airport F–16 MISSION TRAINING CENTER 18,000 18,000 New York Air National Guard Francis S. Gabreski Airport COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER SIMULATOR 14,000 14,000 North Carolina Air National Guard Salisbury FLIGHT FACILITY (DESIGN) 0 6,300 Pennsylvania Air National Guard Pittsburgh International Airport ENTRY CONTROL FACILITY (DESIGN) 0 4,600 Texas Air National Guard Fort Worth C–130J ADAL FUEL CELL BUILDING 1674 13,100 13,100 West Virginia Air National Guard Mclaughlin Air National Guard Base SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY (DESIGN) 0 3,200 Worldwide Unspecified Air National Guard Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN 10,792 10,792 Air National Guard Unspecified Worldwide Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 40,200 40,200 Subtotal Military Construction, Air National Guard 190,792 314,192 AIR FORCE RESERVE Arizona Air Force Reserve Luke Air Force Base ADMINISTRATIVE AND STORAGE BUILDING (DESIGN) 0 420 Georgia Air Force Reserve Dobbins Air Reserve Base SECURITY FORCES FACILITY 22,000 0 Indiana Air Force Reserve Grissom Air Reserve Base INDOOR SMALL ARMS RANGE 21,000 21,000 New York Air Force Reserve Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station TAXIWAY/RUNWAY (DESIGN) 0 6,600 Ohio Air Force Reserve Youngstown Air Reserve Station FIRE STATION 25,000 25,000 South Carolina Air Force Reserve Joint Base Charleston AEROMEDICAL EVACUATION FACILITY 0 33,000 Worldwide Unspecified Air Force Reserve Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN 562 9,562 Air Force Reserve Unspecified Worldwide Locations UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 701 701 Subtotal Military Construction, Air Force Reserve 69,263 96,283 NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM Worldwide Unspecified NATO NATO Security Investment Program NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM 433,864 463,864 Subtotal NATO Security Investment Program 433,864 463,864 INDOPACIFIC COMBATANT COMMAND Worldwide Unspecified MILCON, INDOPACOM Unspecified Worldwide Locations INDOPACOM MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PILOT PROGRAM 0 150,000 Subtotal INDOPACOM MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PILOT PROGRAM 0 150,000 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 15,113,254 18,250,637 FAMILY HOUSING FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Belgium Fam Hsg Con, Army Chièvres Air Base FAMILY HOUSING NEW CONSTRUCTION (84 UNITS) 100,954 82,954 Georgia Fam Hsg Con, Army Fort Eisenhower MHPI RESTRUCTURE—FORT EISENHOWER 50,000 50,000 Germany Fam Hsg Con, Army U.S. Army Garrison Rheinland-Pfalz FAMILY HOUSING REPLACEMENT CONSTRUCTION (54 UNITS) 63,246 63,246 Japan Fam Hsg Con, Army Sagamihara Family Housing Area FAMILY HOUSING IMPROVEMENTS CONSTRUCTION (35 UNITS) 31,114 31,114 Worldwide Unspecified Fam Hsg Con, Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations FAMILY HOUSING DESIGN 31,333 31,333 Subtotal Family Housing Construction, Army 276,647 258,647 FAMILY HOUSING O&M, ARMY Worldwide Unspecified Fam Hsg O&M, Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations FURNISHINGS 18,065 18,065 Fam Hsg O&M, Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations LEASED HOUSING 129,703 129,703 Fam Hsg O&M, Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations MAINTENANCE OF REAL PROPERTY FACILITIES 127,097 127,097 Fam Hsg O&M, Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT 62,060 62,060 Fam Hsg O&M, Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations MILITARY HOUSING PRIVATIZATION INITIATIVE 69,579 69,579 Fam Hsg O&M, Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations MISCELLANEOUS 357 357 Fam Hsg O&M, Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations SERVICES 8,273 8,273 Fam Hsg O&M, Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations UTILITIES 60,477 60,477 Subtotal Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Army 475,611 475,611 FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION, NAVY & MARINE CORPS Guam Fam Hsg Con, Navy & Marine Corps Andersen Air Force Base REPLACE ANDERSEN HOUSING, PHASE 10 (42 UNITS) 93,112 93,112 Fam Hsg Con, Navy & Marine Corps Joint Region Marianas REPLACE ANDERSEN HOUSING, PHASE 9 (136 UNITS) 103,863 103,863 Worldwide Unspecified Fam Hsg Con, Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations CONSTRUCTION IMPROVEMENTS (64 UNITS) 35,438 35,438 Fam Hsg Con, Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN 13,329 13,329 Subtotal Family Housing Construction, Navy & Marine Corps 245,742 245,742 FAMILY HOUSING O&M, NAVY & MARINE CORPS Worldwide Unspecified Fam Hsg O&M, Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations FURNISHINGS 16,839 16,839 Fam Hsg O&M, Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations HOUSING PRIVATIZATION SUPPORT 60,283 60,283 Fam Hsg O&M, Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations LEASING 67,412 67,412 Fam Hsg O&M, Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations MAINTENANCE 109,504 109,504 Fam Hsg O&M, Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations MANAGEMENT 61,240 61,240 Fam Hsg O&M, Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations MISCELLANEOUS 427 427 Fam Hsg O&M, Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations SERVICES 17,332 17,332 Fam Hsg O&M, Navy & Marine Corps Unspecified Worldwide Locations UTILITIES 44,180 44,180 Subtotal Family Housing Operation & Maintenance, Navy & Marine Corps 377,217 377,217 FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE Alaska Fam Hsg Con, Air Force Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson MHPI RESTRUCTURE—JBER PHASE III 120,000 120,000 Germany Fam Hsg Con, Air Force Ramstein Air Base CONSTRUCT 2 GOQ UNITS 4,350 4,350 Fam Hsg Con, Air Force Ramstein Air Base KMC 02—CONSTRUCT TWO CAR GARAGES (5 UNITS) 1,400 1,400 Japan Fam Hsg Con, Air Force Yokota Air Base FAMILY HOUSE IMPROVEMENTS 8B WEST (19 UNITS) 26,242 26,242 Fam Hsg Con, Air Force Yokota Air Base FAMILY HOUSE IMPROVEMENTS 9, PHASE 2 (32 UNITS) 39,000 39,000 Texas Fam Hsg Con, Air Force Lackland Air Force Base MHPI RESTRUCTURE—LACKLAND 24,000 24,000 Worldwide Unspecified Fam Hsg Con, Air Force Unspecified Worldwide Locations DESIGN 6,557 6,557 Subtotal Family Housing Construction, Air Force 221,549 221,549 FAMILY HOUSING O&M, AIR FORCE Worldwide Unspecified Fam Hsg O&M, Air Force Unspecified Worldwide Locations FURNISHINGS 24,230 24,230 Fam Hsg O&M, Air Force Unspecified Worldwide Locations HOUSING PRIVATIZATION SUPPORT 32,508 32,508 Fam Hsg O&M, Air Force Unspecified Worldwide Locations LEASING 6,278 6,278 Fam Hsg O&M, Air Force Unspecified Worldwide Locations MAINTENANCE 127,023 127,023 Fam Hsg O&M, Air Force Unspecified Worldwide Locations MANAGEMENT 71,384 71,384 Fam Hsg O&M, Air Force Unspecified Worldwide Locations MISCELLANEOUS 2,426 2,426 Fam Hsg O&M, Air Force Unspecified Worldwide Locations SERVICES 12,446 12,446 Fam Hsg O&M, Air Force Unspecified Worldwide Locations UTILITIES 49,955 49,955 Subtotal Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Air Force 326,250 326,250 FAMILY HOUSING O&M, DEFENSE-WIDE Worldwide Unspecified Fam Hsg O&M, Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations FURNISHINGS 687 687 Fam Hsg O&M, Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations FURNISHINGS 91 91 Fam Hsg O&M, Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations LEASING 32,983 32,983 Fam Hsg O&M, Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations LEASING 13,986 13,986 Fam Hsg O&M, Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations MAINTENANCE 36 36 Fam Hsg O&M, Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations UTILITIES 4,358 4,358 Fam Hsg O&M, Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations UTILITIES 15 15 Subtotal Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Defense-Wide 52,156 52,156 FAMILY HOUSING IMPROVEMENT FUND Worldwide Unspecified Family Housing Improvement Fund Unspecified Worldwide Locations ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES—FHIF 8,195 8,195 Subtotal Family Housing Improvement Fund 8,195 8,195 UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING IMPROVEMENT FUND Worldwide Unspecified Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund Unspecified Worldwide Locations ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES—UHIF 497 497 Subtotal Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund 497 497 TOTAL FAMILY HOUSING 1,983,864 1,965,864 DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE, ARMY Worldwide Unspecified BRAC, Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE 212,556 212,556 Subtotal Base Realignment and Closure—Army 212,556 212,556 BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE, NAVY Worldwide Unspecified BRAC, Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE 111,697 111,697 Subtotal Base Realignment and Closure—Navy 111,697 111,697 BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE, AIR FORCE Worldwide Unspecified BRAC, Air Force Unspecified Worldwide Locations BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE 121,952 121,952 Subtotal Base Realignment and Closure—Air Force 121,952 121,952 BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE, DEFENSE-WIDE Worldwide Unspecified BRAC, Defense-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations INT–4: DLA ACTIVITIES 1,756 1,756 Subtotal Base Realignment and Closure—Defense-Wide 1,756 1,756 TOTAL DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE 447,961 447,961 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, FAMILY HOUSING, AND BRAC 17,545,079 20,664,462 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION DISASTER RECOVERY SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION DISASTER RECOVERY (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State or Country and Installation Project Title FY 2025 Request Senate Authorized MILITARY CONSTRUCTION DISASTER RECOVERY NAVY & MARINE CORPS Guam Navy & Marine Corps Joint Region Marianas 28 HOMES ON AAFB H–366/283/375 CONTRACT 0 145,990 Navy & Marine Corps Joint Region Marianas REPAIR BY REPLACEMENT OF HSC–25 HANGAR AND COMPOUND 0 580,490 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Base Guam JRM HOUSING RESILIENCY ENHANCEMENT PROJECT #1—BEQ 17 & 6 RECONVERSION 0 63,805 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Base Guam JRM HOUSING RESILIENCY ENHANCEMENT PROJECT #2—APRA PALMS CONVERSION/RENOVATION 0 128,000 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Base Guam POWER GENERATION AT POLARIS 0 626,120 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Base Guam RECOVER BONA SPRINGS (CONTAMINANT TREATMENT) 0 40,640 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Base Guam RECOVER NAVAL HOSPITAL WATER WELLS (CONTAMINANT TREATMENT) 0 58,300 Navy & Marine Corps Naval Base Guam REPAIR AND HARDEN CRITICAL ELECTRICAL DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (NBG, POLARIS PT, DFSP AND NAVMAG) 0 2,923,595 Subtotal Military Construction, Navy & Marine Corps Disaster Recovery 0 4,566,940 AIR FORCE Guam Air Force Andersen Air Force Base 4 CUT AND COVER 5.25 MG JP–8 TANKS 0 246,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWER / BASE OPS 0 163,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base AIRFIELD REDEVELOPMENT FOR OPERATIONAL RESILIENCY 0 271,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base ALTERNATE LIGHTING VAULT 0 99,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base ALTERNATE NETWORK CONTROL CENTER & DATABANK 0 99,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base ALTERNATE TECHNICAL CONTROL FACILITY 0 99,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base BASE PERIMETER FENCE AND ACCESS ROAD 0 50,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base CARGO HAUL ROUTE APOD LOOP 0 20,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base DIESEL STORAGE NORTHWEST FIELD & MAIN BASE 0 20,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base DISBURSED WAR RESERVE MATERIAL WAREHOUSING (FOUR) 0 391,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base DISBURSED WAR RESERVE MATERIAL WAREHOUSING (TWO) 0 190,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base DISBURSED WAR RESERVE WAREHOUSING (TWELVE) 0 1,170,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base EXPLOSIVE SAFE EGRESS FACILITY 0 41,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base FLIGHTLINE EXPANSION / CIVIL ENGINEER COMPLEX 0 195,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base HARDENED AIRCRAFT SHELTERS (HAS) 0 289,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base LFM & OPS FAC NORTH RAMP 0 58,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base LRS POL WRM STORAGE WAREHOUSE 0 23,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base MAWAR TYPHOON RECOVERY (DESIGN) 0 723,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base MOBILITY PROCESSING CENTER-PAX 0 120,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base MSA FUEL STAND 0 119,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base MSA SECURITY GATE 0 41,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base MUNS ADMIN MSA 0 101,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base MUNS HAUL ROUTE ALT 0 8,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base MUNS HAUL ROUTE NORTHWEST FIELD-MSA 0 102,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base MUNS PRODUCTION UTILITY CONNECTIONS 0 41,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base NORTHWEST FIELD AIRFIELD FENCE 0 40,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base NORTHWEST FIELD BYPASS ROAD 0 33,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base NORTHWEST FIELD ELECTRICAL UPGRADE 0 102,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base NORTHWEST FIELD FUEL STORAGE, RECEIPT, AND HYDRANT SYSTEM 0 267,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base NORTHWEST FIELD FUEL TRANSFER LINE 0 180,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base NORTHWEST FIELD WATER WELLS 0 33,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base NORTHWEST FUEL BYPASS 0 297,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base OVERHEAD TO UNDERGROUND TRANSMISSION LINES (GPA) 0 81,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base PERIMETER FENCE AT MSA–1 0 38,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base POWER RESILIENCY—MICROGRID 0 1,305,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base SIX 1M GAL POTABLE WATER STORAGE TANKS. NWF FIRE PROTECTION 270K WATER TANK STORAGE 0 94,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base SOLAR ARRAY COVERED PARKING 0 254,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base SOLAR BATTERY STORAGE 0 223,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base UPGRADE ENTRY CONTROL POINT FOR NORTHWEST FIELD GATE 0 57,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base UPGRADE ENTRY CONTROL POINT SANTA ROSA GATE 0 47,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base UPGRADE MAIN ECP GATE (ARC LIGHT) 0 66,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base WAR RESERVE MATERIAL STORAGE WAREHOUSE 0 109,000 Air Force Andersen Air Force Base WATER DISTRIBUTION CONNECTION GWA 0 33,000 Subtotal Military Construction, Air Force Disaster Recovery 0 7,938,000 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION DISASTER RECOVERY 0 12,504,940 XLVII DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2025 Request Senate Authorized Discretionary Summary by Appropriation Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: Energy Programs Nuclear Energy 150,000 150,000 Atomic Energy Defense Activities National Nuclear Security Administration: Weapons Activities 19,848,644 19,899,844 Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation 2,465,108 2,451,208 Naval Reactors 2,118,773 2,099,873 Federal Salaries and Expenses 564,475 567,175 Total, National Nuclear Security Administration 24,997,000 25,018,100 Defense Environmental Cleanup 7,059,695 7,036,295 Defense Uranium Enrichment D&D 384,957 0 Other Defense Activities 1,140,023 1,140,023 Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities 33,581,675 33,194,418 Total, Discretionary Funding 33,731,675 33,344,418 Nuclear Energy Safeguards and security 150,000 150,000 Total, Nuclear Energy 150,000 150,000 National Nuclear Security Administration Weapons Activities Stockpile management Stockpile major modernization B61–12 Life Extension Program 27,500 27,500 W88 Alteration program 78,700 78,700 W80–4 Life extension program 1,164,750 1,164,750 W80-X ALT SLCM 0 70,000 Program increase (70,000) W87–1 Modification Program 1,096,033 1,096,033 W93 455,776 455,776 B61–13 16,000 16,000 Subtotal, Stockpile major modernization 2,838,759 2,892,759 Stockpile sustainment 1,356,260 1,354,060 B83 gravity bomb sustainment excess to need (–2,200) Weapons dismantlement and disposition 54,100 54,100 Production operations 816,567 816,567 Nuclear enterprise assurance 75,002 75,002 Total, Stockpile management 5,140,688 5,208,488 Production Modernization Primary Capability Modernization Plutonium Modernization Los Alamos Plutonium Modernization Los Alamos Plutonium Operations 984,611 984,611 21–D–512 Plutonium Pit Production Project, LANL 470,000 470,000 15–D–302 TA–55 Reinvestments Project, Phase 3, LANL 39,475 39,475 04–D–125 Chemistry and Metallurgy Research Replacement Project, LANL 0 0 Subtotal, Los Alamos Plutonium Modernization 1,494,086 1,494,086 Savannah River Plutonium Modernization Savannah River Plutonium Operations 75,332 75,332 21–D–511 Savannah River Plutonium Processing Facility, SRS 1,200,000 1,200,000 Subtotal, Savannah River Plutonium Modernization 1,275,332 1,275,332 Enterprise Plutonium Support 121,964 121,964 Total, Plutonium Modernization 2,891,382 2,891,382 High Explosives & Energetics High Explosives & Energetics 115,675 115,675 21–D–510 HE Synthesis, Formulation, and Production, PX 0 0 15–D–301 HE Science & Engineering Facility, PX 15,000 15,000 Subtotal, High Explosives & Energetics 130,675 130,675 Total, Primary Capability Modernization 3,022,057 3,022,057 Secondary Capability Modernization Secondary Capability Modernization 755,353 755,353 18–D–690 Lithium Processing Facility, Y–12 260,000 260,000 06–D–141 Uranium Processing Facility, Y–12 800,000 800,000 Total, Secondary Capability Modernization 1,815,353 1,815,353 Tritium and Domestic Uranium Enrichment Tritium and Domestic Uranium Enrichment 661,738 661,738 18–D–650 Tritium Finishing Facility, SRS 0 0 Total, Tritium and Domestic Uranium Enrichment 661,738 661,738 Non-Nuclear Capability Modernization 141,300 141,300 22–D–513 Power Sources Capability, SNL 50,000 50,000 Total, Non-Nuclear Capability Modernization 191,300 191,300 Capability Based Investments 153,244 153,244 Warhead Assembly Modernization 34,000 34,000 Total, Production Modernization 5,877,692 5,877,692 Stockpile research, technology, and engineering Assessment Science Assessment Science 834,250 825,250 Unjustified growth (–9,000) 14–D–640 U1a Complex Enhancements Project, NNSS 73,083 73,083 Total, Assessment Science 907,333 898,333 Engineering and integrated assessments 418,000 418,000 Inertial confinement fusion 682,830 692,830 Program increase (10,000) Advanced simulation and computing 879,500 884,500 Program increase (5,000) Weapons technology and manufacturing maturation 286,489 286,489 Academic programs 128,188 120,188 Unjustified growth (–8,000) Total, Stockpile research, technology, and engineering 3,302,340 3,300,340 Infrastructure and operations Operating Operations of facilities 1,305,000 1,305,000 Safety and Environmental Operations 191,958 181,958 Unjustified growth (–10,000) Maintenance and Repair of Facilities 881,000 884,000 Program increase for Y–12 maintenance backlog (3,000) Recapitalization 778,408 778,408 Total, Operating 3,156,366 3,149,366 Mission enabling construction 22–D–514 Digital Infrastructure Capability Expansion, LLNL 0 0 23–D–517 Electrical Power Capacity Upgrade, LANL 70,000 70,000 23–D–518 Plutonium Modernization Ops & Waste Mngmt Office Bldg, LANL 0 0 23–D–519 Special Material Facility, Y–12 0 0 25–D–510 Plutonium Mission Safety & Quality Building, LANL 48,500 48,500 25–D–511 PULSE New Access, NNSS 25,000 25,000 Total, Mission enabling construction 143,500 143,500 Total, Infrastructure and operations 3,299,866 3,292,866 Secure transportation asset Operations and equipment 236,160 236,160 Program direction 135,264 135,264 Total, Secure transportation asset 371,424 371,424 Defense nuclear security Operations and maintenance 1,126,000 1,126,000 Construction: 17–D–710 West End Protected Area Reduction Project, Y–12 54,000 54,000 Subtotal, Construction 54,000 54,000 Total, Defense nuclear security 1,180,000 1,180,000 Information technology and cybersecurity 646,000 638,400 Unjustified growth (–7,600) Legacy contractor pensions 30,634 30,634 Total, Weapons Activities 19,848,644 19,899,844 Adjustments Use of prior year balances 0 0 Total, Adjustments 0 0 Total, Weapons Activities 19,848,644 19,899,844 Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Material Management and Minimization Conversion 0 0 Reactor conversion and uranium supply 145,227 145,227 Nuclear material removal and elimination 38,825 38,825 Material disposition 0 0 Plutonium disposition 193,045 193,045 Total, Material Management and Minimization 377,097 377,097 Global Material Security International nuclear security 87,768 84,768 Unjustified growth (–3,000) Radiological security 260,000 260,000 Nuclear smuggling detection and deterrence 196,096 196,096 Total, Global Material Security 543,864 540,864 Nonproliferation and Arms Control 224,980 214,080 Nonproliferation policy unjustified growth (–10,900) Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D Proliferation detection 317,158 317,158 Nonproliferation stewardship program 124,875 124,875 Nuclear detonation detection 323,058 323,058 Forensics R&D 37,759 37,759 Nonproliferation fuels development 0 0 Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D 802,850 802,850 Nonproliferation Construction: 18–D–150 Surplus Plutonium Disposition Project, SRS 40,000 40,000 Total, Nonproliferation Construction 40,000 40,000 NNSA Bioassurance Program 0 0 Legacy contractor pensions 7,128 7,128 Nuclear Counterterrorism and Incident Response Program Emergency Management 23,847 23,847 Counterterrorism and Counterproliferation 512,342 512,342 Total, Nuclear Counterterrorism and Incident Response Program 536,189 536,189 Subtotal, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation 2,532,108 2,518,208 Adjustments Use of prior year balances –67,000 –67,000 Total, Adjustments –67,000 –67,000 Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation 2,465,108 2,451,208 Naval Reactors Naval reactors development 868,380 868,380 Columbia-Class reactor systems development 45,610 45,610 S8G Prototype refueling 0 0 Naval reactors operations and infrastructure 763,263 757,063 Unjustified growth (–6,200) Program direction 62,848 62,848 Construction: 14–D–901 Spent Fuel Handling Recapitalization Project, NRF 292,002 279,302 Unjustified growth (–12,700) 21–D–530 KL Steam and Condensate Upgrades 0 0 22–D–531 KL Chemistry & Radiological Health Building 0 0 22–D–532 KL Security Upgrades 41,670 41,670 23–D–533 BL Component Test Complex 0 0 24–D–530 NRF Medical Science Complex 0 0 25–D–530 Naval Examination Acquisition Project 45,000 45,000 Total, Construction 378,672 365,972 Total, Naval Reactors 2,118,773 2,099,873 Federal Salaries and Expenses Program direction 564,475 567,175 Additional 10 FTE (2,700) Use of prior year balances 0 0 Total, Federal Salaries and Expenses 564,475 567,175 TOTAL, National Nuclear Security Administration 24,997,000 25,018,100 Defense Environmental Cleanup Closure sites administration 1,350 1,350 Richland River corridor and other cleanup operations 133,000 133,000 Central plateau remediation 773,030 773,030 Richland community and regulatory support 11,130 11,130 18–D–404 Modification of Waste Encapsulation and Storage Facility 0 0 22–D–401 L–888 Eastern Plateau Fire Station 13,500 13,500 22–D–402 L–897 200 Area Water Treatment Facility 7,800 7,800 23–D–404 181D Export Water System Reconfiguration and Upgrade 18,886 18,886 23–D–405 181B Export Water System Reconfiguration and Upgrade 1,168 1,168 24–D–401 Environmental Restoration Disposal Facility Supercell 11 Expans Proj 25,000 25,000 Total, Richland 983,514 983,514 Office of River Protection: Waste Treatment Immobilization Plant Commissioning 466,000 450,000 Unjustified growth (–16,000) Rad liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition 832,065 832,065 Construction: 23–D–403 Hanford 200 West Area Tank Farms Risk Management Project 37,500 37,500 15–D–409 Low Activity Waste Pretreatment System 37,500 37,500 18–D–16 Waste Treatment and Immobilization Plant—LBL/Direct feed LAW 0 0 01–D–16D High-Level Waste Facility 608,100 608,100 01–D–16E Pretreatment Facility 20,000 20,000 Subtotal, Construction 703,100 703,100 Total, Office of River Protection 2,001,165 1,985,165 Idaho National Laboratory: Idaho cleanup and waste disposition 430,678 430,678 Idaho community and regulatory support 3,315 3,315 Construction: 22–D–403 Idaho Spent Nuclear Fuel Staging Facility 0 0 22–D–404 Addl ICDF Landfill Disposal Cell and Evaporation Ponds Project 25,250 25,250 22–D–402 Calcine Construction 0 0 Subtotal, Construction 25,250 25,250 Total, Idaho National Laboratory 459,243 459,243 NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory 1,917 1,917 LLNL Excess Facilities D&D 0 0 Separations Processing Research Unit 845 845 Nevada Test Site 63,377 63,377 Sandia National Laboratory 1,816 1,816 Los Alamos National Laboratory 273,610 273,610 Los Alamos Excess Facilities D&D 1,622 1,622 Total, NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites 343,187 343,187 Oak Ridge Reservation: OR Nuclear Facility D&D 342,705 342,705 U233 Disposition Program 60,000 60,000 OR cleanup and waste disposition 72,000 72,000 Construction: 14–D–403 Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility 30,000 30,000 17–D–401 On-site Waste Disposal Facility 40,000 40,000 Subtotal, Construction 70,000 70,000 OR community & regulatory support 5,700 5,700 OR technology development and deployment 3,300 3,300 Total, Oak Ridge Reservation 553,705 553,705 Savannah River Site: Savannah River risk management operations 400,538 400,538 Savannah River legacy pensions 0 0 Savannah River community and regulatory support 5,198 10,198 Payment in lieu of taxes (5,000) Savannah River National Laboratory O&M 90,000 90,000 Construction: 20-D–401 Saltstone Disposal Unit #10, 11, 12 82,500 82,500 19–D–701 SR Security Systems Replacement 6,000 6,000 18–D–401 Saltstone Disposal Unit #8, 9 0 0 18–D–402 Emergency Operations Center Replacement, SR 0 0 Subtotal, Construction 88,500 88,500 Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition 971,235 971,235 Total, Savannah River Site 1,555,471 1,560,471 Waste Isolation Pilot Plant Waste Isolation Pilot Plant 413,874 413,874 Construction: 15–D–411 Safety Significant Confinement Ventilation System, WIPP 10,346 10,346 15–D–412 Utility Shaft, WIPP 1,200 1,200 Total, Construction 11,546 11,546 Total, Waste Isolation Pilot Plant 425,420 425,420 Program direction—Defense Environmental Cleanup 334,958 334,958 Program support—Defense Environmental Cleanup 105,885 93,485 Unjustified growth (–12,400) Safeguards and Security—Defense Environmental Cleanup 265,197 265,197 Technology development and deployment 30,600 30,600 Subtotal, Defense Environmental Cleanup 7,059,695 7,036,295 TOTAL, Defense Environmental Cleanup 7,059,695 7,036,295 Defense Uranium Enrichment D&D 384,957 0 Program reduction (–384,957) Other Defense Activities Environment, health, safety and security Environment, health, safety and security mission support 141,908 141,908 Program direction 90,555 90,555 Total, Environment, health, safety and security 232,463 232,463 Office of Enterprise Assessments Enterprise assessments 30,022 30,022 Program direction 64,132 64,132 Total, Office of Enterprise Assessments 94,154 94,154 Specialized security activities 390,000 390,000 Legacy Management Legacy Management Activities—Defense 181,289 181,289 Program Direction 23,969 23,969 Total, Legacy Management 205,258 205,258 Defense-Related Administrative Support 213,649 213,649 Office of Hearings and Appeals 4,499 4,499 Subtotal, Other Defense Activities 1,140,023 1,140,023 Use of prior year balances 0 0 Total, Other Defense Activities 1,140,023 1,140,023 July 8, 2024 Read twice and placed on the calendar

118 S5424 IS: Safeguarding The Overall Protection of Minors Act U.S. Senate 2024-12-04 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 2d Session S. 5424 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES December 4, 2024 Mr. Marshall introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions A BILL To prohibit gender transition procedures on minors, to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to impose civil penalties on persons who perform gender transition procedures on minors, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Safeguarding The Overall Protection of Minors Act or the STOP Act . 2. Definitions In this Act: (1) Cross-sex hormones The term cross-sex hormones means— (A) testosterone or other androgens given to females at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy females; and (B) estrogen given to males at doses that are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy males. (2) Detransition The term detransition means to halt or reverse gender transition procedures, including exploration and seeking medical advice about reversing gender transition procedures. (3) Employer The term employer includes an individual or entity that engages a person in the performance of work as an independent contractor. (4) Employment The term employment includes work as an independent contractor. (5) Female The term female , when used to refer to a natural person, means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a congenital anomaly or intentional or unintentional disruption, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (6) Gender (A) In general Subject to subparagraph (B), the term gender, when used alone to refer to males, females, or the natural differences between males and females— (i) is a synonym for sex; and (ii) shall not be considered a synonym or short-hand expression for gender identity, experienced gender, gender expression, or gender role. (B) Exception Subparagraph (A) shall not apply when the term gender is used in conjunction with other words or as an adjective to modify other words, or when context or explicit definition in law indicates otherwise. (7) Gender identity The term gender identity does not mean sex or gender. (8) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process in which an individual goes from identifying with or presenting as his or her sex to identifying with or presenting a self-proclaimed identity that does not correspond with or is different from his or her sex, and may be accompanied with social, legal, or physical changes. (9) Gender transition procedure (A) In general The term gender transition procedure means any hormonal or surgical service that seeks— (i) to alter or remove physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for the individual’s sex, as determined by the sex organs, chromosomes, and endogenous profiles of the individual; or (ii) to change the body of such individual to no longer correspond to their sex. (B) Inclusions The term gender transition procedure includes the following: (i) Providing, prescribing, administering, dispensing, or otherwise conveying any of the following prescription drugs that induce transient or permanent infertility: (I) Puberty suppression drugs or puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normal puberty. (II) Cross-sex hormones, including supraphysiologic doses of testosterone to females or supraphysiologic doses of estrogen to males. (ii) Genital gender transition surgery. (iii) Non-genital gender transition surgery. (iv) The removal of any otherwise healthy or non-diseased body part or tissue. (C) Exclusions The term gender transition procedure does not include— (i) services to individuals born with a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including an individual with external sex characteristics that are irresolvably ambiguous, such as an individual born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, an individual born with 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or an individual born having both ovarian and testicular tissue; (ii) services provided when a physician has otherwise diagnosed a disorder of sexual development in which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a male or female; (iii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of gender transition procedures, whether or not the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether or not funding for the gender transition procedure is permissible under this section; (iv) any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function, unless surgery or treatment is performed for the purpose of a gender transition or for the alleviation of psychological, physical, or mental distress; (v) puberty suppression or blocking prescription drugs for the purpose of normalizing puberty for a minor experiencing precocious puberty; or (vi) male circumcision. (D) Genital gender transition surgery For purposes of subparagraph (B), the term genital gender transition surgery means a surgical procedure performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition, including— (i) for male patients, castration, a vasectomy, penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, and vulvoplasty; and (ii) for female patients, a mastectomy, hysterectomy/ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, and implantation of erection or testicular prostheses. (E) Non-genital gender transition surgery For purposes of subparagraph (B), the term non-genital gender transition surgery means a surgical procedure performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition, including— (i) for male patients, augmentation mammoplasty, facial feminization surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, thyroid cartilage reduction, gluteal augmentation (implants/lipofilling), hair reconstruction, and various aesthetic procedures; and (ii) for female patients, subcutaneous mastectomy, voice surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, pectoral implants, and various aesthetic procedures. (10) Male The term male , when used to refer to a natural person, means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a congenital anomaly or intentional or unintentional disruption, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. (11) Minor The term minor means an individual under the age of 18. (12) Puberty-blocking drugs The term puberty-blocking drugs means— (A) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other synthetic drugs used in males to stop luteinizing hormone secretion and therefore testosterone secretion; and (B) synthetic drugs used in females that stop the production of estrogen and progesterone, when used to delay or suppress pubertal development in children for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (13) Secretary The term Secretary means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (14) Sex The term sex , when referring to an individual’s sex, means to refer to either male or female, as biologically determined and defined in this section. 3. Gender transition procedures on minors (a) Prohibition (1) In general No person may, in any circumstance described in paragraph (2), knowingly perform, attempt to perform, conspire to perform, or provide a referral for any gender transition procedure on a minor. (2) Circumstances described A circumstance referred to in paragraph (1) is any the following: (A) The person, or the minor on whom the gender transition procedure was performed, attempted to be performed, conspired to be performed, or for whom a referral for any gender transition procedure was provided, traveled in interstate or foreign commerce, or traveled using a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in paragraph (1). (B) The person, or the minor on whom the gender transition procedure was performed, attempted to be performed, conspired to be performed, or for whom a referral for any gender transition procedure was provided, used a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in paragraph (1). (C) A payment of any kind was made, directly or indirectly, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in paragraph (1), using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce. (D) The person, or the minor on whom the gender transition procedure was performed, attempted to be performed, conspired to be performed, or for whom a referral for any gender transition procedure was provided, transmitted in interstate or foreign commerce any communication relating to or in furtherance of the conduct described in paragraph (1) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means or in manner, including by computer, mail, wire, or electromagnetic transmission. (E) Any instrument, item, substance, or other object that has traveled in interstate or foreign commerce was used to perform the conduct described in paragraph (1). (F) The conduct described in paragraph (1) occurred within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States or any territory or possession of the United States. (G) The conduct described in paragraph (1) otherwise occurred in or affected interstate or foreign commerce. (3) Knowingly For purposes of paragraph (1), a person acts knowingly when— (A) the person has actual knowledge of the facts giving rise to the violation; or (B) a reasonable person acting in the circumstances and exercising reasonable care would have that knowledge. (4) Application to employers (A) In general A violation of paragraph (1) by a person acting in the scope of their employment for an employer shall also be considered a violation of such paragraph by such employer. (B) Liability In the case of a violation described in subparagraph (A), the person and the employer shall be jointly and severally liable for any civil penalty under subsection (b) and any private right of action under subsection (c). (b) Civil penalties (1) In general The Secretary may impose a civil penalty on any person upon making a determination, after written notice and an opportunity for a hearing, that the person has violated a requirement of subsection (a)(1). (2) Amount of civil penalties (A) In general The amount of a civil penalty under paragraph (1) shall be not less than $100,000 for each violation. (B) Penalty considerations In determining the amount of a civil penalty under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider— (i) the nature, circumstances, extent, and gravity of the violation; (ii) with respect to the violator, the degree of culpability, any history of prior violations, and any effect on the ability to continue to do business; and (iii) other matters that justice requires. (3) Civil action to collect (A) In general The Attorney General may bring a civil action in an appropriate district court of the United States to collect a civil penalty under this subsection and any accrued interest on the civil penalty as assessed by the Secretary. In such a civil action, the amount and appropriateness of the civil penalty shall not be subject to review. (B) Compromise The Secretary may compromise the amount of a civil penalty imposed under this subsection before referral to the Attorney General under subparagraph (A), on the condition that such amount shall be not less than $100,000. (4) Liability for procedures required as a matter of standard practice It shall not be a defense in a hearing under this subsection that gender transition procedures are required as a matter of standard practice. (5) Prohibition on imposition of civil penalty on a person on whom procedures are performed No person on whom a gender transition procedure is performed in violation of subsection (a)(1), and no parent, guardian, or caretaker of such a person, may be held liable for a civil penalty under this subsection. (6) Depositing amounts collected (A) In general Amounts collected under this subsection shall be deposited in the fund established under subparagraph (B). (B) Establishment of Fund (i) In general There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the Justice for Victims Fund , which shall consist of amounts deposited in the fund pursuant to subparagraph (A). (ii) Availability of funds Amounts in the fund established under clause (i) shall be made available for expenditure for fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter, without further appropriation or fiscal year limitation for expenditure by the Secretary to carry out section 4. (c) Private civil action A person on whom a gender transition procedure is performed in violation of subsection (a)(1), or the parent, guardian, or caretaker of such a person if such person is a minor, may bring a civil action in an appropriate district court of the United States for appropriate relief against any person in violation of subsection (a)(1). (d) Penalty for obstruction of investigations (1) In general The Secretary may impose a civil penalty on any person who obstructs or prevents the Secretary from carrying out an investigation into an alleged violation of subsection (a)(1). (2) Definition of obstruct In this subsection, the term obstruct means to take an action that was known, or reasonably should have been known, to prevent, hinder, or impede an investigation. (e) Severability If any provision of this Act, or the application of such provision to any person or circumstance, is held to be or made invalid, the remainder of this Act, and the application of the provision to any other person or circumstance, shall not be affected. 4. Opening avenues for victims (a) Purpose The purpose of this section is to support, encourage, and assist individuals in their efforts to reverse gender transition procedures. (b) Establishment of grant program The Secretary shall establish a grant program under which the Secretary shall award grants to eligible entities to carry out the activities described in subsection (d). (c) Eligibility (1) Eligible entities To be eligible for a grant under this section, an entity shall— (A) be a nonprofit organization; (B) support, encourage, and assist individuals in their efforts to reverse gender transition procedures; (C) agree to be subject to such monitoring and review as the Secretary may require under subsection (g); (D) agree to not charge individuals for services provided through the grant; (E) provide each individual counseled through the grant with accurate information on the proper medical procedures to reverse gender transition procedures; and (F) have a privacy policy and procedures in place to ensure that— (i) the name, address, telephone number, or any other information that might identify any individual seeking services supported through the grant is not made public or shared with any other entity without the written consent of the individual; and (ii) the grantee adheres to requirements comparable to those applicable under the HIPAA privacy regulation (as defined in section 1180(b)(3) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1320d–9(b)(3) )) to covered entities (as defined for purposes of such regulation). (2) Ineligible entities An entity shall be ineligible to receive a grant under this section if the entity or any affiliate, subsidiary, successor, or clinic thereof— (A) performs, induces, refers for, or counsels in favor of gender transition procedures; or (B) provides financial support to any other entity that conducts any activity described in subparagraph (A). (3) Financial records As a condition on receipt of a grant under this section, an eligible entity shall agree to maintain and make available to the Secretary records, including financial records, that demonstrate that the entity satisfies the requirements of paragraph (1) and is not ineligible by operation of paragraph (2). (d) Use of grant funds (1) Required information and referral For the purpose described in subsection (a), an eligible entity receiving a grant under this section shall use the grant funds to provide to individuals who are exploring detransition information on, and referral to, each of the following services: (A) Medical advice and care. (B) Nutritional services. (C) Education and employment assistance, including services that support the continuation and completion of high school. (D) Parenting education and support services. (E) Voluntary substance abuse counseling and treatment. (2) Permissible direct provision of services For the purpose described in subsection (a), in addition to using grant funds under this section as described in paragraph (1), an eligible entity receiving a grant under this section may use the grant funds for the direct provision of one or more services described in paragraph (1). (e) Prohibited uses of funds None of the funds made available under this section shall be used for gender transition procedures. (f) Consideration In selecting the recipients of grants under this section, the Secretary shall consider each applicant’s demonstrated capacity in providing services to assist individuals who are exploring and seeking medical advice in their efforts to reverse gender transition procedures. (g) Monitoring and review The Secretary shall— (1) monitor and review each program funded through a grant under this section to ensure that the grantee carefully adheres to— (A) the purpose described in subsection (a); and (B) the requirements of this section; and (2) cease to fund a program under this section if the grantee fails to adhere to such purpose and requirements.

118 S613 IS: Protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act of 2023 U.S. Senate 2023-03-01 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 613 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES March 1, 2023 Mr. Tuberville (for himself, Mr. Lee , Mr. Lankford , Mr. Cotton , Mrs. Blackburn , Mr. Marshall , Mr. Budd , Mr. Cramer , Mrs. Hyde-Smith , Mr. Braun , Mr. Scott of Florida , Mr. Risch , Mr. Crapo , Mr. Hagerty , Mr. Rubio , Ms. Ernst , Ms. Lummis , Mr. Daines , Mr. Hawley , Mr. Mullin , Mr. Graham , and Mrs. Britt ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions A BILL To provide that for purposes of determining compliance with title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 in athletics, sex shall be recognized based solely on a person's reproductive biology and genetics at birth. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act of 2023 . 2. Amendment Section 901 of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (d) (1) It shall be a violation of subsection (a) for a recipient of Federal funds who operates, sponsors, or facilitates athletic programs or activities to permit a person whose sex is male to participate in an athletic program or activity that is designated for women or girls. (2) For purposes of this subsection, sex shall be recognized based solely on a person's reproductive biology and genetics at birth. .

118 S635 IS: Protecting Minors from Medical Malpractice Act of 2023 U.S. Senate 2023-03-02 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 635 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES March 2, 2023 Mr. Cotton (for himself, Mr. Braun , Mr. Cruz , Mr. Daines , Mr. Lankford , Mr. Mullin , Mr. Rubio , and Mr. Vance ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To protect children from medical malpractice in the form of gender transition procedures. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protecting Minors from Medical Malpractice Act of 2023 . 2. Private right of action for a gender-transition procedure performed on a minor (a) In general A medical practitioner, in any circumstance described in subsection (c), who performs a gender-transition procedure on an individual who is less than 18 years of age shall, as described in subsection (b), be liable to the individual if injured (including any physical, psychological, emotional, or physiological harms) by such procedure, related treatment, or the aftereffects of the procedure or treatment. (b) Private right of action An individual covered by subsection (a) who receives a gender-transition procedure from a medical practitioner (or a representative, including a legal guardian, on behalf of such individual) may, not later than the day that is 30 years after the date on which the individual turns 18 years of age, bring a civil action against such medical practitioner in a court of competent jurisdiction for— (1) declaratory or injunctive relief; (2) compensatory damages; (3) punitive damages; and (4) attorney’s fees and costs. (c) Circumstances For the purposes of subsection (a), the circumstances described in this subsection are that— (1) the medical practitioner or the individual receiving the gender-transition procedure traveled in interstate or foreign commerce, or traveled using a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (2) the medical practitioner used a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (3) any payment of any kind was made, directly or indirectly, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce; (4) the medical practitioner transmitted in interstate or foreign commerce any communication relating to or in furtherance of the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means or in any manner, including by computer, mail, wire, or electromagnetic transmission; (5) any instrument, item, substance, or other object that has traveled in interstate or foreign commerce was used to perform the conduct described in subsection (a); (6) the conduct described in subsection (a) occurred within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, or any territory or possession of the United States; or (7) the conduct described in subsection (a) otherwise occurred in or affected interstate or foreign commerce. 3. Preserving freedom of conscience and medical judgement for medical providers Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no provision of Federal law shall require, or be construed to require, a medical practitioner to perform a gender-transition procedure. 4. Prohibition on funding for certain States Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any State that requires medical practitioners to perform any gender-transition procedure on an individual in the State shall be ineligible to receive any Federal funding from the Department of Health and Human Services. 5. Definitions In this Act: (1) Biological sex The term biological sex means the genetic classification of an individual as male or female, as reflected in the organization of the body of such individual for a reproductive role or capacity, such as through sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, and internal and external genitalia present at birth, without regard to the subjective sense of identity of the individual. (2) Gender-transition procedure (A) In general Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term gender-transition procedure means— (i) the prescription or administration of puberty-blocking drugs for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual's biological sex; (ii) the prescription or administration of cross-sex hormones for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex; or (iii) a surgery to change the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex. (B) Exception The term gender-transition procedure does not include— (i) an intervention described in subparagraph (A) that is performed on— (I) an individual with biological sex characteristics that are inherently ambiguous, such as those born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or having both ovarian and testicular tissue; or (II) an individual with respect to whom a physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action, for a biological male or biological female; (ii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused or exacerbated by the performance of an intervention described in subparagraph (A) without regard to whether the intervention was performed in accordance with State or Federal law or whether the intervention is covered by the private right of action under section 2; or (iii) any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless the procedure is performed. (3) Medical practitioner The term medical practitioner means a person who is licensed, certified, or otherwise authorized by the laws of a State to administer health care in the ordinary course of the practice of the person’s profession. 6. Effective date This Act shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act.

118 S752 IS: Preventing Violence Against Female Inmates Act of 2023 U.S. Senate 2023-03-09 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 752 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES March 9, 2023 Mr. Cotton (for himself, Mr. Marshall , Mr. Braun , Mr. Rubio , Mr. Graham , Mr. Lee , Mr. Cruz , and Mr. Daines ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To secure the dignity and safety of incarcerated women. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Preventing Violence Against Female Inmates Act of 2023 . 2. Housing prisoners based on sex (a) Federal prisons (1) In general Chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 4052. Bar on housing together prisoners of different sexes (a) Definition In this section, the term biological sex means the biological classification of male and female in the context of reproductive potential or capacity, as indicated by sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and nonambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth. (b) Bar (1) In general The Bureau of Prisons— (A) shall use the biological sex of persons charged with or convicted of offenses against the United States in making determinations regarding housing such persons; and (B) except as provided in paragraph (2), shall not co-locate in detention facilities persons charged with or convicted of offenses against the United States if those persons are not of the same biological sex. (2) Exception The Bureau of Prisons may co-locate, on a temporary basis (which shall not include overnight housing), persons charged with or convicted of offenses against the United States who are not of the same biological sex. . (2) Technical and conforming amendment The table of sections for chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 4052. Bar on housing together prisoners of different sexes. . (b) State prisons Section 501 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ( 34 U.S.C. 10152 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (i) Bar on housing together prisoners of different sexes (1) Definition In this subsection, the term biological sex has the meaning given such term in section 4052 of title 18, United States Code. (2) Limitation on eligibility for funds (A) In general Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, a State may not receive funds under this subpart for a fiscal year if the State does not submit to the Attorney General a certification that the State— (i) except as provided in subparagraph (B), prohibits co-locating in detention facilities persons charged with or convicted of offenses under the law of the State if those persons are not of the same biological sex; and (ii) requires the use of the biological sex of persons charged with or convicted of offenses under the law of the State in making determinations regarding housing such persons. (B) Exception A State may co-locate, on a temporary basis (which shall not include overnight housing), persons charged with or convicted of offenses under the law of the State who are not of the same biological sex. .

118 SJ 90 IS: Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Health and Human Services relating to “Nondiscrimination in Health Programs and Activities”. U.S. Senate 2024-05-23 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IIA 118th CONGRESS 2d Session S. J. RES. 90 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES May 23, 2024 Mr. Marshall (for himself, Mrs. Blackburn , Mr. Rubio , Mr. Braun , Mr. Lee , Mr. Cramer , and Mrs. Britt ) introduced the following joint resolution; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions JOINT RESOLUTION Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Health and Human Services relating to Nondiscrimination in Health Programs and Activities . That Congress disapproves the rule submitted by the Department of Health and Human Services relating to Nondiscrimination in Health Programs and Activities (89 Fed. Reg. 37522 (May 6, 2024)), and such rule shall have no force or effect.

118 SJ 96 IS: Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to “Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Sex in Education Programs or Activities Receiving Federal Financial Assistance”. U.S. Senate 2024-06-12 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IIA 118th CONGRESS 2d Session S. J. RES. 96 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES June 12, 2024 Mrs. Hyde-Smith (for herself, Mr. Cassidy , Ms. Lummis , Mrs. Blackburn , Mrs. Britt , Mrs. Fischer , Mr. Tuberville , Mr. Johnson , Mr. Marshall , Mr. Lee , Mr. Risch , Mr. Crapo , Mr. Barrasso , Mr. Cotton , Mr. Scott of South Carolina , Mr. Budd , Mr. Rounds , Mr. Braun , Mr. Wicker , Mr. Tillis , Mr. Daines , Mr. Cramer , Mr. Hoeven , Mr. Cornyn , Mr. Hawley , Mr. Grassley , Mr. Mullin , Mr. Kennedy , Mr. Rubio , Mr. Ricketts , Mr. Graham , Mr. Cruz , Mr. Schmitt , Mr. Lankford , and Mr. Vance ) introduced the following joint resolution; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions JOINT RESOLUTION Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Sex in Education Programs or Activities Receiving Federal Financial Assistance . That Congress disapproves the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Sex in Education Programs or Activities Receiving Federal Financial Assistance (89 Fed. Reg. 33474 (April 29, 2024)), and such rule shall have no force or effect.

118 SRES 267 IS: Supporting the designation of the week of June 18 through June 24, 2023, as “National Women’s Sports Week” to celebrate the anniversary of the enactment of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 and the growth of women’s sports. U.S. Senate 2023-06-22 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. III 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. RES. 267 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES June 22, 2023 Ms. Ernst (for herself, Mr. Wicker , Mrs. Hyde-Smith , Mr. Graham , Mr. Lankford , Mr. Scott of Florida , Mrs. Blackburn , Mr. Cramer , Mr. Rubio , Mrs. Britt , Mr. Braun , and Mr. Cruz ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation RESOLUTION Supporting the designation of the week of June 18 through June 24, 2023, as National Women’s Sports Week to celebrate the anniversary of the enactment of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 and the growth of women’s sports. Whereas title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ) (referred to in this preamble as title IX ) was enacted on June 23, 1972, to end unjust sex discrimination in education, including in athletics; Whereas title IX transformed sports by guaranteeing women and girls the right to equal athletic opportunities; Whereas the purposes and benefits of title IX are negated for women whenever men claiming to be women are granted access to female sports; Whereas title IX has resulted in a 545-percent increase in the percentage of women playing college sports and a 990-percent increase in the percentage of women playing high school sports; Whereas athletic participation helps women and girls develop confidence, initiative, and leadership skills; Whereas policies allowing for the inclusion of men in women’s sports have no basis in biological fact or valid medical research; Whereas providing equal athletic opportunities in sports to women is impossible without single-sex teams and competitions reserved exclusively for female athletes; Whereas, without separate single-sex teams and competitions based on biological sex for men and women, men will dominate competitive sports where size, strength, and speed are factors, depriving female athletes of athletic and academic opportunities; Whereas the biological differences between men and women have led to women being injured by men competing in women’s sports; Whereas, since 2017, men have won at least 24 professional women’s sports titles and an innumerable number of unreported titles at the middle school, high school, and collegiate levels; and Whereas, in 2018, at least 300 high school-aged boys in the United States ran the 400-meter dash faster than the most decorated female Olympic champion in the world has run it in her lifetime: Now, therefore, be it That the Senate supports— (1) observing National Women’s Sports Week as the week of June 18 through June 24, 2023, to recognize— (A) the incredible expansion of opportunities for female athletes since the enactment of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ); and (B) the role of the provisions of law described in subparagraph (A) in guaranteeing equal athletic opportunities for members of both sexes; and (2) marking the observance of National Women’s Sports Week with— (A) appropriate programs and activities that— (i) celebrate the contributions of individual female athletes in the United States; (ii) honor the coaches and parents who support female athletes in the United States; (iii) promote equal access to athletic opportunities for members of both sexes; and (iv) support the commitment of the United States to supporting female athletes; and (B) legislative efforts to protect single-sex sports.

118 SRES 53 IS: Establishing a Women’s Bill of Rights to reaffirm legal protections afforded to women under Federal law. U.S. Senate 2023-02-09 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. III 118th CONGRESS 1st Session S. RES. 53 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES February 9, 2023 Mrs. Hyde-Smith (for herself, Mr. Rubio , Mr. Cruz , Ms. Lummis , Mr. Lee , and Mrs. Britt ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary RESOLUTION Establishing a Women’s Bill of Rights to reaffirm legal protections afforded to women under Federal law. Whereas males and females possess unique and immutable biological differences that manifest prior to birth and increase as they age and experience puberty; Whereas biological differences between the sexes mean that only females may get pregnant, give birth, and breastfeed children; Whereas biological differences between the sexes mean that males are, on average, larger in size and possess greater body strength than females; Whereas biological differences between the sexes can expose females to more harm than males from specific forms of violence, including sexual violence; Whereas women have achieved inspirational and significant accomplishments in education, athletics, and employment; and Whereas recent misguided court rulings related to the definition of sex have led to endangerment of spaces and resources dedicated to women, thereby necessitating clarification of certain terms: Now, therefore, be it That the Senate reaffirms that— (1) for the purposes of Federal law, the sex of an individual means his or her biological sex (either male or female) at birth; (2) for the purposes of Federal laws addressing sex, the terms woman and girl refer to human females, and the terms man and boy refer to human males; (3) for the purposes of Federal law, the word mother means a parent of the female sex and father is defined as a parent of the male sex; (4) there are important reasons to distinguish between the sexes with respect to athletics, prisons, domestic violence shelters, restrooms, and other areas, particularly where biology, safety, and privacy are implicated; (5) policies and laws that distinguish between the sexes are subject to intermediate constitutional scrutiny and permitted when they serve an important governmental objective and are substantially related to achieving that objective; and (6) for the purposes of complying with Federal laws that require State and local government agencies to collect or report data disaggregated by sex, such as Federal antidiscrimination laws, agencies are required to base such data on the biological sex of individuals at birth.

118 SRES 669 IS: Designating October 10, 2024, as “American Girls in Sports Day”. U.S. Senate 2024-05-02 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. III 118th CONGRESS 2d Session S. RES. 669 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES May 2, 2024 Mrs. Blackburn (for herself, Mrs. Hyde-Smith , Mr. Risch , Mr. Grassley , Mr. Crapo , Mr. Cotton , Mr. Cassidy , Mrs. Britt , Mr. Cramer , Mr. Marshall , Ms. Lummis , Mr. Cornyn , Mr. Daines , Mr. Rubio , Mr. Hagerty , Mr. Braun , Mr. Graham , Mr. Tuberville , Mrs. Fischer , Mr. Tillis , Mr. Ricketts , Mr. Lee , Mr. Cruz , and Mr. Lankford ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation RESOLUTION Designating October 10, 2024, as American Girls in Sports Day . Whereas athletic participation has an important, positive impact on young girls, improving their physical health, self-confidence, and discipline; Whereas women have been responsible for some of the greatest athletic feats in the sports history of the United States, from the Olympic games to professional competition; Whereas female athletes have served as inspirations for generations of women and girls; Whereas the enactment of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ) (referred to in this preamble as title IX ) marked a pivotal moment in the Federal support of girls in sports; Whereas title IX is under attack by the Biden Administration, which is moving to remove protections for biological women and girls in sports; Whereas there are fundamental biological differences between men and women that put women at a competitive disadvantage in sports and jeopardize their safety during competition; Whereas, in recent years, there has been an increase in the number of biological men allowed to compete in women’s sports; Whereas, since 2003, biological men have displaced women and girls from over 950 championship titles, medals, scholarships, and records they should have rightfully won, including at least 28 women's sports titles in volleyball, swimming, mountain biking, track and field, weightlifting, and cycling; Whereas the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) has instituted new policies to protect biological girls in sports and ensure that only student athletes whose biological sex is female will be allowed to compete in NAIA-sponsored women’s sports teams; Whereas it is imperative that women’s and girl’s opportunities to compete athletically are protected; and Whereas October 10th, as represented by the Roman numerals XX , signifies the female XX chromosomes: Now, therefore, be it That the Senate— (1) recognizes October 10, 2024, as American Girls in Sports Day ; (2) celebrates the impact of women on the sports culture and history of the United States; (3) recognizes the importance of title IX in protecting biological women in sports; and (4) calls on sports-governing bodies in the United States and abroad to protect biological women and girls in sports.

119 HR 1016 IH: Protecting Women’s Private Spaces Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-02-05 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 1016 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 5, 2025 Ms. Mace (for herself, Mr. Ogles , Mr. Rulli , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mrs. Harshbarger , Mr. Moore of Alabama , Mr. Gill of Texas , Ms. Boebert , and Mr. Moore of West Virginia ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform A BILL To prohibit individuals from accessing or using single-sex facilities on Federal property other than those corresponding to their biological sex, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protecting Women’s Private Spaces Act . 2. Prohibition on the use of single-sex facilities on Federal property other than those corresponding to the biological sex of an individual (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, except as provided in subsection (c), no person may access or use a single-sex facility on Federal property, other than those corresponding to the biological sex of such person. (b) Definitions In this section— (1) Single-sex facility The term single-sex facility means a space intended for the use of one biological sex (male or female), including a— (A) restroom; (B) locker room; or (C) changing room. (2) Federal property The term Federal property means any building, land, or other real property owned, leased, or occupied by any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States (including the Department of Defense and the United States Postal Service), or any other instrumentality wholly owned by the United States, or by any department or agency of the District of Columbia or any territory or possession of the United States. (3) Biological sex The term biological sex means the biological determination as to whether an individual is male or female, as such terms are defined in this section. (4) Female The term female means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (5) Male The term male means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. (c) Exception The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to— (1) emergency medical personnel responding to a medical emergency; or (2) law enforcement officers in active pursuit of a suspect, or as part of an active investigation.

119 HR 1017 IH: Stop the Invasion of Women’s Spaces Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-02-05 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 1017 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 5, 2025 Ms. Mace introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform A BILL To prohibit an entity from receiving Federal funds if such entity permits an individual to access or use a single-sex facility on the property of such entity that does not correspond to the biological sex of such person, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Stop the Invasion of Women’s Spaces Act . 2. Prohibition (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law and except as provided in subsection (b), Federal funds may not be provided, directly or indirectly, to an entity if such entity permits an individual to access or use a single-sex facility on the property of such entity that does not correspond to the biological sex of such person, except as provided by subsection (c). (b) Exception Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to an entity that permits an individual to access a single-sex facility on the property of such entity that does not correspond to the biological sex of such person in the circumstance of— (1) emergency medical personnel responding to a medical emergency; or (2) a law enforcement officer in active pursuit of a suspect, or as part of an active investigation. (c) Definitions In this section: (1) Biological sex The term biological sex means the biological determination as to whether an individual is male or female. (2) Entity The term entity means any private entity, non-Federal Government agency or department, or State, Tribal, or local government (including a political subdivision, department, or component thereof). (3) Female The term female means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and uses eggs for fertilization. (4) Male The term male means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and uses sperm for fertilization. (5) Property The term property means any building, land, or other real property owned, leased, controlled, or occupied by an entity. (6) Single-sex facility The term single-sex facility means a space intended for the use of one biological sex (male or female), including a— (A) restroom; (B) locker room; or (C) changing room.

119 HR 1028 IH: Protection of Women in Olympic and Amateur Sports Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-02-05 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 1028 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 5, 2025 Mr. Steube (for himself, Mr. Clyde , Mr. LaMalfa , Mr. Haridopolos , Ms. Mace , Mr. Burchett , Ms. Tenney , Mr. Webster of Florida , Mr. Nehls , Mr. Owens , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Ms. Hageman , Mr. Baird , Mr. Edwards , Ms. De La Cruz , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Zinke , Mr. Fulcher , Mr. Babin , Mr. Downing , Mr. Aderholt , Mr. Kustoff , Mr. Buchanan , Mr. Biggs of Arizona , Mr. Messmer , Mr. Bost , Mr. Van Orden , Mr. Carter of Texas , Mr. Timmons , and Mr. Gosar ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To modify eligibility requirements for amateur sports governing organizations. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protection of Women in Olympic and Amateur Sports Act . 2. Eligibility requirements (a) Definition Section 220501(b) of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (13) female means an individual who has, had, will have—or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident—the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (14) male means an individual who has, had, will have—or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident—the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. (15) sex means an individual’s biological sex, either male or female. . (b) Eligibility Section 220522 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking and at the end; (2) in paragraph (19), by striking the period and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (20) prohibits a person whose sex is male from participating in an amateur athletic competition that is designated for females, women, or girls. .

119 HR 1139 IH: Passport Sanity Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-02-07 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 1139 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 7, 2025 Mr. Roy introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs A BILL To prohibit the Secretary of State from issuing a passport, passport card, or Consular Report of Birth Abroad that includes the unspecified (X) gender designation, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Passport Sanity Act . 2. Prohibition regarding certain gender designation on passports, passport cards, and Consular Reports of Birth Abroad issued by Department of State (a) In general The Secretary of State shallâ€” (1) ensure each application for a covered document includes only the gender designations male and female; and (2) prohibit the issuing of a covered document that includes the unspecified (X) gender designation. (b) Covered document defined In this section, the term covered document means a passport, passport card, or Consular Report of Birth Abroad issued by the Department of State.

119 HR 1208 IH: No Tax Breaks for Radical Corporate Activism Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-02-11 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 1208 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 11, 2025 Mr. Mast introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means A BILL To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to deny the trade or business expense deduction for the reimbursement of employee costs of child gender transition procedure or travel to obtain an abortion. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the No Tax Breaks for Radical Corporate Activism Act . 2. Denial of deduction (a) In general Section 162 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsection (s) as subsection (t), and by inserting after subsection (r) the following new subsection: (s) Disallowance of certain expenses relating to abortion or child gender transition (1) In general No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter to an employer for any amount paid or incurred to reimburse an employee for, or to otherwise pay, expenses in connection with— (A) travel for the purpose of obtaining an abortion, or (B) any gender transition procedure for a minor child of the employee. (2) Definitions For purposes of this subsection— (A) Gender transition procedure (i) In general The term gender transition procedure means any medical or surgical service which seeks to alter or remove physiological or anatomical characteristics or features which are typical for the individual's biological sex, or to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics which resemble a sex different from the individual's birth sex, for the purpose of gender transition, including— (I) physician's services and inpatient and outpatient hospital services, including gender transition surgery, and (II) prescribed drugs related to gender transition, including puberty-blocking drugs, cross-sex hormones, or other mechanisms to promote the development of feminizing or masculinizing features (in the opposite sex). (ii) Exceptions Such term does not include— (I) services for treatment of a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including— (aa) external biological sex characteristics which are irresolvably ambiguous, such as the presence of 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or both ovarian and testicular tissue, or (bb) other physician-diagnosed disorder of sexual development, with respect to which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a biological male or biological female, or (II) treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder caused or exacerbated by the performance of any gender transition procedure, whether or not the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether not a deduction for expenses in connection with the gender transition procedure is allowable under this chapter. (iii) Gender The term gender means the psychological, behavioral, social, and cultural aspects of being male or female. (iv) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process in which an individual goes from identifying with and living as a gender that corresponds to his or her biological sex to identifying with and living as a gender different from his or her biological sex, and may involve social, legal, or physical changes. (v) Gender transition surgery (I) In general The term gender transition surgery means any surgical service, including genital or non-genital surgery, performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (II) Exception Such term does not include any service performed because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness which would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless surgery is performed. (vi) Genital surgery The term genital surgery includes surgical procedures such as— (I) penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, or vulvoplasty for biologically male patients, and (II) hysterectomy, ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, or implantation of erection or testicular prostheses for biologically female patients. (vii) Non-genital surgery The term non-genital surgery includes surgical procedures such as liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, and— (I) augmentation mammoplasty, facial feminization surgery, thyroid cartilage reduction, gluteal augmentation (whether implants or lipofilling), hair reconstruction, or various aesthetic procedures for biologically male patients, and (II) subcutaneous mastectomy, pectoral implants, or various aesthetic procedures for biologically female patients. (viii) Puberty-blocking drugs The term puberty-blocking drugs means gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other synthetic drugs used in biological males to stop luteinizing hormone secretion and therefore testosterone secretion, and synthetic drugs used in biological females to stop the production of estrogen and progesterone, when used to delay or suppress pubertal development in children for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (ix) Cross-sex hormones The term cross-sex hormones means testosterone or other androgens given to biological females at doses which are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological females, and estrogen given to biological males at doses which are profoundly larger or more potent than would normally occur naturally in healthy biological males. (B) Minor child The term minor child means an individual who has not attained age 18. . (b) Effective date The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act.

119 HR 1282 IH: Eliminate DEI in Colleges Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-02-13 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 1282 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 13, 2025 Mr. Bilirakis (for himself and Mr. Baird ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Workforce A BILL To prohibit Federal funding for institutions of higher education that carry out diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Eliminate DEI in Colleges Act . 2. Prohibition on Federal funding for institutions of higher education that carry out diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives Part B of title I of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1011 et seq. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: 124. Prohibition on diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives (a) Restriction on eligibility Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no institution of higher education shall be eligible to receive funds or any other form of financial assistance under any Federal program, including participation in any federally funded or guaranteed student loan program, unless the institution certifies to the Secretary that the institution— (1) does not and will not carry out any program, project, initiative, or other activity the primary purpose of which is to advocate, promote, or otherwise support diversity, equity, and inclusion; and (2) does not and will not maintain any office or other entity within the institution to advocate, promote, or otherwise support diversity, equity, and inclusion. (b) Information availability Each institution of higher education that provides the certification required by subsection (a) shall, upon request, make available to the Secretary any information needed by the Secretary to verify the truth and accuracy of the certification. (c) Regulations The Secretary shall publish regulations to implement and enforce the provisions of this section. (d) Appeals Upon determination by the Secretary to terminate financial assistance to any institution of higher education under this section, the institution may file an appeal with an administrative law judge before the expiration of the 30-day period beginning on the date such institution is notified of the decision to terminate financial assistance under this section. Such judge shall hold a hearing with respect to such termination of assistance before the expiration of the 45-day period beginning on the date that such appeal is filed. Such judge may extend such 45-day period upon a motion by the institution concerned. The decision of the judge with respect to such termination shall be considered to be a final agency action. (e) Definition In this section, the term diversity, equity, and inclusion means the concept according to which individuals are— (1) classified on basis of race, color, sex, national origin, gender identity, or sexual orientation; and (2) afforded differential or preferential treatment basis of such classification. .

119 HR 1866 IH: Guaranteeing Unalienable and Anatomical Rights for Dependents Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-03-05 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 1866 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 5, 2025 Ms. Hageman (for herself, Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Grothman , Mrs. Biggs of South Carolina , Mr. Brecheen , Mr. Gill of Texas , and Mr. Moore of Alabama ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Workforce A BILL To amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to disqualify any State that discriminates against parents or guardians who oppose medical, surgical, pharmacological, psychological treatment, or clothing and social changes related to affirming the subjective claims of gender identity expressed by any minor if such claimed identity is inconsistent with such minor’s biological sex from receiving funding under such Act. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Guaranteeing Unalienable and Anatomical Rights for Dependents Act or the GUARD Act . 2. State grant requirements The Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5101 et seq. ) is amended by inserting after section 3 the following: 4. State grant requirements (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no State may receive funding under this Act if such State takes any adverse action or otherwise discriminates against parents, guardians, or legal representatives who oppose medical, surgical, pharmacological, psychological treatment, or other medical intervention, or clothing, name or pronoun use, or other social changes or practices related to transitioning to or affirming the claims or expressions of gender identity of any minor under the charge, care, or supervision of the parent, guardian, or legal representative, if such gender identity is inconsistent, in such parent's, guardian's, or legal representative's estimation, with such minorâ€™s biological sex, as determined definitively at or before birth, regardless of any medical diagnosis or indication of gender dysphoria, body dysphoria, dissociative identity disorder, or social anxiety disorder. (b) Enforcement In the case of an award made by the Secretary under this Act in violation of subsection (a), any parent, guardian, or legal representative who experienced an adverse action or other discrimination described in subsection (a) by a State receiving funding under this Act may bring an action, in an appropriate Federal district court of the United States or State court, against the Department of Health and Human Services, seeking to enjoin the Secretary from continuing such award to such State and to require the State awarded amounts in violation of subsection (a) to return such funds to the Treasury. .

119 HR 2107 IH: Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2025-03-14 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 2107 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 14, 2025 Mr. Crenshaw (for himself, Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mrs. Miller-Meeks , Mr. Pfluger , Mr. Ellzey , Mr. Van Drew , Mr. Green of Tennessee , Mr. Rouzer , Mrs. Harshbarger , Mr. Grothman , Mr. Jackson of Texas , and Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce A BILL To amend title III of the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2025 . 2. Program of payments to children's hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs Section 340E of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 256e ) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking 2023 and inserting 2030 ; (2) in subsection (b)(3)(D), by inserting and the end of fiscal year 2030, after fiscal year 2022, ; (3) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) Prohibition on payments to hospitals furnishing specified procedures and drugs to minors (A) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, no payment may be made under this section to a children’s hospital for a fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 2026) if, at any point during the preceding fiscal year, such hospital furnished specified procedures and drugs (as defined in subsection (g)) to an individual under 18 years of age. (B) Special rule for fiscal year 2026 In applying subparagraph (A) with respect to payments described in such subparagraph for fiscal year 2026— (i) the reference to for a fiscal year shall be treated as a reference to for any portion of fiscal year 2026 occurring after December 31, 2025 ; and (ii) the reference to the preceding fiscal year shall be treated as a reference to the period beginning on September 1, 2025, and ending on December 31, 2025 . (C) Rule of construction Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as prohibiting payments for a fiscal year (or, in the case of payments for fiscal year 2026, during the portion of such fiscal year described in subparagraph (B)(i)) to a hospital that, during the preceding fiscal year (or, in the case of payments for fiscal year 2026, during the period described in subparagraph (B)(ii)), furnished mental or behavioral health services to individuals under 18 years of age for the treatment of gender dysphoria not consisting of specified procedures and drugs. ; (4) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) in clause (v), by striking and at the end; (ii) in clause (vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: (vii) for each of fiscal years 2026 through 2030, $124,000,000. ; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (E), by striking and at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: (G) for each of fiscal years 2026 through 2030, $261,000,000 ; and (5) in subsection (g), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (4) Specified procedures and drugs (A) In general Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term specified procedures and drugs means, with respect to an individual, any of the following: (i) Performing any surgery for the purpose of changing the body of such individual to no longer correspond to the individual’s sex, including— (I) castration; (II) orchiectomy; (III) scrotoplasty; (IV) vasectomy; (V) hysterectomy; (VI) oophorectomy; (VII) ovariectomy; (VIII) metoidioplasty; (IX) penectomy; (X) phalloplasty; (XI) vaginoplasty; (XII) vaginectomy; (XIII) vulvoplasty; (XIV) reduction thyrochondroplasty; (XV) chondrolaryngoplasty, or any plastic surgery that feminizes or masculinizes the facial features; (XVI) mastectomy, or any placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts; and (XVII) Any placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region. (ii) Administering, supplying, prescribing, dispensing, distributing, or otherwise conveying to an individual medications for the purposes described in clause (i), including gonadotrophin releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normal puberty, and estrogen, testosterone, progesterone, or other androgens to an individual in an amount greater than would normally be produced endogenously in a healthy individual of that individual’s age and sex. (B) Exception Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the provision by a physician or health care provider, with the consent of the child’s parent or legal guardian, of— (i) puberty suppression or blocking prescription drugs for the purpose of normalizing puberty for a minor experiencing precocious puberty; (ii) appropriate and medically necessary procedures or treatments to correct for— (I) a medically verifiable genetic disorder of sex development, including— (aa) 46,XX chromosomes with virilization; (bb) 46,XY chromosomes with undervirilization; and (cc) both ovarian and testicular tissue; or (II) sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex hormone action, if determined to be abnormal by a physician through genetic or biochemical testing; (iii) infection, disease, injury, or disorder caused or exacerbated by previous medical procedures as defined in subsection (g)(4)(A); or (iv) a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of a major bodily function unless the procedure is performed, not including if the procedure or drug is for the purpose described in subsection (g)(4)(A)(i). (C) Sex For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term sex means the indication of male or female sex by reproductive potential or capacity, sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, or internal or external genitalia present at birth. .

119 HR 2197 IH: No 340B Savings for Transgender Care Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-03-18 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 2197 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 18, 2025 Mr. Johnson of South Dakota (for himself, Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia , Mr. Crenshaw , Mr. Rulli , Mr. Ezell , Mrs. Bice , Mr. Moore of Alabama , and Mr. Rose ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce A BILL To prevent 340B covered entities from using savings derived for sex reassignment surgeries, hormonal therapies, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the No 340B Savings for Transgender Care Act . 2. Prohibition on use of 340b savings for services described for transgender individuals (a) Prohibition on use of 340 B savings for services described Section 340B(a)(4) of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 256b(a)(5) ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (E) Prohibition on use of 340b savings for services described A covered entity participating in the program under this section may not use any funds derived from the difference between the 340B ceiling price and the actual acquisition cost of covered outpatient drugs to pay for services described. (i) Definitions For purposes of this subsection— (I) Covered entity The term covered entities has the meaning given such term in section 340B(a)(4). (II) Services described The term services described means— (aa) sex reassignment surgeries furnished for the purpose of the gender alteration of a transgender individual; and (bb) hormone treatments furnished for the purpose of the gender alteration of a transgender individual. .

119 HR 2202 IH: End Taxpayer Funding of Gender Experimentation Act of 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2025-03-18 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 2202 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 18, 2025 Mr. LaMalfa introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce , and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary , and Ways and Means , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To prohibit taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures, and for other purposes. 1. Short title; table of contents (a) Short title This Act may be cited as the End Taxpayer Funding of Gender Experimentation Act of 2025 . (b) Table of contents The table of contents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—Prohibiting federally funded gender transition procedures Sec. 101. Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures. Sec. 102. Amendment to table of chapters. TITLE II—Application under the Affordable Care Act Sec. 201. Clarifying application of prohibition to premium credits and cost-sharing reductions under ACA. I Prohibiting federally funded gender transition procedures 101. Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures Title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new chapter: 4 Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures Sec. 301. Prohibition on funding for gender transition procedures. 302. Prohibition on funding for health benefits plans that cover gender transition procedures. 303. Limitation on Federal facilities and employees. 304. Construction relating to separate coverage. 305. Construction relating to the use of non-Federal funds for health coverage. 306. Construction relating to complications arising from gender transition procedures. 307. Definitions. 301. Prohibition on funding for gender transition procedures No funds authorized or appropriated by Federal law, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are authorized or appropriated by Federal law, shall be expended for any gender transition procedures. 302. Prohibition on funding for health benefits plans that cover gender transition procedures No funds authorized or appropriated by Federal law, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are authorized or appropriated by Federal law, shall be expended for health benefits coverage that includes coverage of gender transition procedures. 303. Limitation on Federal facilities and employees No health care service furnished— (1) by or in a health care facility owned or operated by the Federal Government; or (2) by any physician or other individual employed by the Federal Government to provide health care services within the scope of the physician’s or individual’s employment, may include gender transition procedures. 304. Construction relating to separate coverage Nothing in this chapter shall be construed as prohibiting any individual, entity, or State or locality from purchasing separate coverage for gender transition procedures or health benefits coverage that includes gender transition procedures so long as such coverage is paid for entirely using only funds not authorized or appropriated by Federal law and such coverage shall not be purchased using matching funds required for a federally subsidized program, including a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds. 305. Construction relating to the use of non-Federal funds for health coverage Nothing in this chapter shall be construed as restricting the ability of any non-Federal health benefits coverage provider from offering coverage for gender transition procedures, or the ability of a State or locality to contract separately with such a provider for such coverage, so long as only funds not authorized or appropriated by Federal law are used and such coverage shall not be purchased using matching funds required for a federally subsidized program, including a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds. 306. Construction relating to complications arising from gender transition procedures Nothing in this chapter shall be construed to apply to the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of a gender transition procedure. 307. Definitions For purposes of this chapter: (1) Female The term female , when used to refer to a natural person, means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a congenital anomaly, historical accident, or intentional or unintentional disruption, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (2) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process in which an individual goes from identifying with or presenting as his or her sex to identifying with or presenting a self-proclaimed identity that does not correspond with or is different from his or her sex, and may be accompanied with social, legal, or physical changes. (3) Gender transition procedure (A) In general The term gender transition procedure means any hormonal or surgical intervention for the purpose of gender transition, including— (i) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) agonists or any other puberty-blocking or suppressing drugs to stop or delay normal puberty; (ii) testosterone, estrogen, progesterone, or other androgens to an individual at doses that are supraphysiologic to what would normally be produced endogenously in a healthy individual of the same age and sex; (iii) castration; (iv) orchiectomy; (v) scrotoplasty; (vi) implantation of erection or testicular prostheses; (vii) vasectomy; (viii) hysterectomy; (ix) oophorectomy; (x) ovariectomy; (xi) reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty; (xii) metoidioplasty; (xiii) penectomy; (xiv) phalloplasty; (xv) vaginoplasty; (xvi) clitoroplasty (xvii) vaginectomy; (xviii) vulvoplasty; (xix) reduction thyrochondroplasty; (xx) chondrolaryngoplasty; (xxi) mastectomy; (xxii) tubal ligation; (xxiii) sterilization; (xxiv) any plastic, cosmetic, or aesthetic surgery that feminizes or masculinizes the facial or other physiological features of an individual; (xxv) any placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts; (xxvi) any placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region; (xxvii) augmentation mammoplasty; (xxviii) liposuction; (xxix) lipofilling; (xxx) voice surgery; (xxxi) hair reconstruction; (xxxii) pectoral implants; and (xxxiii) the removal of any otherwise healthy or non-diseased body part or tissue. (B) Exclusions The term gender transition procedure does not include the following when furnished to an individual by a health care provider with the consent of such individual or, if applicable, such individual’s parents or legal guardian: (i) Services to individuals born with a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including an individual with external sex characteristics that are irresolvably ambiguous, such as an individual born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, an individual born with 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or an individual born having both ovarian and testicular tissue. (ii) Services provided when a physician has otherwise diagnosed a disorder of sexual development in which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a healthy individual of the same sex and age. (iii) The treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of gender transition procedures, whether or not the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether or not funding for the gender transition procedure is permissible under this section. (iv) Any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness (but not claimed mental distress) that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function, unless the procedure is performed. (v) Puberty suppression or blocking prescription drugs for the purpose of normalizing puberty for a minor experiencing precocious puberty. (vi) Male circumcision. (4) Male The term male , when used to refer to a natural person, means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a congenital anomaly, historical accident, or intentional or unintentional disruption, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. (5) Sex The term sex , when referring to an individual’s sex, means to refer to either male or female, as biologically determined. . 102. Amendment to table of chapters The table of chapters for title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 4. Prohibiting taxpayer-funded gender transition procedures 301 . II Application under the Affordable Care Act 201. Clarifying application of prohibition to premium credits and cost-sharing reductions under ACA (a) In general (1) Disallowance of refundable credit and cost-sharing reductions for coverage under qualified health plan which provides coverage for gender procedures (A) In general Subparagraph (A) of section 36B(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: or any health plan that includes coverage for gender transition procedures, as defined in section 307 of title 1, United States Code (other than any procedure described in section 306 of such title) . (B) Option to purchase or offer separate coverage or plan Paragraph (3) of section 36B(c) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (C) Separate coverage or plan for gender transition procedures allowed (i) Option to purchase separate coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed as prohibiting any individual from purchasing separate coverage for gender transition procedures described in such subparagraph, or a health plan that includes such gender transition procedures, so long as no credit is allowed under this section with respect to the premiums for such coverage or plan. (ii) Option to offer coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall restrict any non-Federal health insurance issuer offering a health plan from offering separate coverage for gender transition procedures described in such subparagraph, or a plan that includes such gender transition procedures, so long as premiums for such separate coverage or plan are not paid for with any amount attributable to the credit allowed under this section (or the amount of any advance payment of the credit under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act). . (2) Disallowance of small employer health insurance expense credit for plan which includes coverage for gender transition procedures Subsection (h) of section 45R of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (A) by striking Any term and inserting the following: (1) In general Any term ; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) Exclusion of health plans including coverage for gender transition procedures (A) In general In this section, the term qualified health plan does not include any health plan that includes coverage for gender transition procedures, as defined in section 307 of title 1, United States Code (other than any procedure described in section 306 of such title). (B) Separate coverage or plan for gender transition procedures allowed (i) Option to purchase separate coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed as prohibiting any employer from purchasing for its employees separate coverage for gender transition procedures described in such subparagraph, or a health plan that includes such gender transition procedures, so long as no credit is allowed under this section with respect to the employer contributions for such coverage or plan. (ii) Option to offer coverage or plan Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall restrict any non-Federal health insurance issuer offering a health plan from offering separate coverage for gender transition procedures described in such subparagraph, or a plan that includes such gender transition procedures, so long as such separate coverage or plan is not paid for with any employer contribution eligible for the credit allowed under this section. . (b) Application to multi-State plans Section 1334(a) of Public Law 111–148 ( 42 U.S.C. 18054(a) ) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (8) Coverage consistent with Federal policy regarding gender transition procedures In entering into contracts under this subsection, the Director shall ensure that no multi-State qualified health plan offered in an Exchange provides health benefits coverage for which the expenditure of Federal funds is prohibited under chapter 4 of title 1, United States Code. . (c) Effective date The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years ending after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, but only with respect to plan years beginning after such date, and the amendment made by subsection (b) shall apply to plan years beginning after such date.

119 HR 2378 IH: Defining Male and Female Act of 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2025-03-26 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 2378 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 26, 2025 Mrs. Miller of Illinois (for herself, Ms. Tenney , Mr. Onder , Mr. Moore of Alabama , and Mr. Estes ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To establish clear and consistent biological definitions of male and female. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Defining Male and Female Act of 2025 . 2. Definition of sex , male , female , and related terms Chapter 1 of title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 9. Definition of sex , male , female , and related terms In determining the meaning of any Act of Congress, or of any ruling, regulation, or interpretation of the various departments and Federal agencies of the United States, the term— (1) boy means a minor human male; (2) father means a male parent; (3) female , when used to refer to a natural person, means a person belonging, at conception, to the sex characterized by a reproductive system with the biological function of producing eggs (ova); (4) gender identity means an identity that reflects an internal and subjective sense of self, disconnected from biological reality and sex and existing on an indeterminate continuum, and, because such an identity does not provide a meaningful basis for identification for purposes of Federal law, the term shall not be recognized by the Federal Government as a replacement for sex; (5) girl means a minor human female; (6) male , when used to refer to a natural person, means a person belonging, at conception, to the biological sex characterized by a reproductive system with the biological function of producing sperm; (7) man , except when used as a generic reference to human beings, means an adult human male; (8) mother means a female parent; (9) sex , when referring to a natural person's individual’s sex, means the person’s immutable biological classification as either male or female, as biologically determined and defined by this section; and (10) woman means an adult human female. .

119 HR 2387 IH: No Harm Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-03-26 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 2387 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 26, 2025 Mr. Onder (for himself, Mr. Harris of Maryland , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , and Mrs. Biggs of South Carolina ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce , and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary , Education and Workforce , and Ways and Means , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To prohibit Federal funds from being used for sex-trait altering treatments for minors, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the No Harm Act . 2. Prohibition on use of Federal funds for certain treatments (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funds may be made available for purposes of paying for, sponsoring, promoting, assisting, or supporting the furnishing of a sex-trait altering treatment to a minor. (b) Civil action Any person, including a taxpayer, may bring a civil action for violation of subsection (a) for legal damages and equitable relief against the United States, or the appropriate Department or Agency disbursing federal funds in violation of subsection (a), in an appropriate district court of the United States. 3. Prohibition on use of Federal funds for certain actions (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funds may be made available for purposes of taking any regulatory or subregulatory action to promote sex-trait altering treatments to minors. (b) Civil action Any person, including a taxpayer, may bring a civil action for violation of subsection (a) for legal damages and equitable relief against the United States, or the appropriate Department or Agency disbursing federal funds in violation of subsection (a), in an appropriate district court of the United States. 4. Female genital mutilation to include provision of sex-trait altering treatment to minors Section 116 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: For the purpose of subsection (b)(1), the phrase “necessary to the health of the person” shall not include change of gender or sex, or affirmation of gender or sex. . 5. Prohibition on funding certain institutions Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funds may be made available to a medical institution (including a hospital, medical school, clinic, public health organization, federally qualified health center, rural health center, or medical practice) if such institution provides sex-trait altering treatments to minors. 6. Right to decline treatments (a) In general The parent of a minor shall have the right to decline any sex-trait altering treatment for such minor. Likewise, no specified Federal funds shall be made available to a State that has in place a policy to provide sex-trait altering treatment for a minor without the consent of both parents. (b) State requirement (1) In general No specified Federal funds may be made available to a State that has in place a policy to separate a minor from such minor’s parent based solely on such parent’s refusal to consent to a sex-trait altering treatment for such minor. (2) Specified Federal funds defined For purposes of this section, the term specified Federal funds means Federal funds made available under title XIX of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq. ) or under part A of title IV of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 601 et seq. ). (c) Civil action (1) In general A minor or a parent of a minor who is harmed by a violation of this section may bring a civil action against the United States and against any State with a policy in place in violation of this section in an appropriate district court of the United States to obtain appropriate relief. (2) Statute of limitations An action under this subsection may be brought at any time prior to 30 years after the date on which the minor attains the age of majority. 7. Requirement to receive informed consent (a) In general No health care provider may furnish any sex-trait altering treatment to a minor unless, at least 72 hours prior to furnishing such treatment, such provider— (1) holds a consultation appointment with the parents of such minor to discuss such treatment; (2) provides to the parents of such minor a complete, printed list of potential side effects of such treatment, including any permanent risks relating to fertility and sexual function; and (3) received the written, informed consent of the parents of such minor for such treatment. (b) Civil action (1) In general A minor or a parent of a minor who is harmed by a violation of this section may bring a civil action against the health care provider in an appropriate district court of the United States to obtain appropriate relief. (2) Statute of limitations An action under this subsection may be brought at any time prior to 30 years after the date on which the minor attains the age of majority. 8. Medical malpractice liability (a) In general An individual may bring a civil action in an appropriate district court of the United States to obtain appropriate relief for any physical, psychological, or physiological harm caused by a sex-trait altering treatment performed on the individual when the individual was a minor against a medical practitioner, hospital, clinic, surgery center or other provider that performed or prescribed such treatment. If said civil action is successful, the individual will be awarded attorney’s fees and litigation costs, and treble damages. (b) Statute of limitations An action under this subsection may be brought at any time prior to 30 years after the date on which the minor attains the age of majority. 9. Right of conscience for health care providers (a) In general A health care provider may not be penalized, retaliated against, or otherwise discriminated against on the basis that the provider does not or declines to— (1) perform, refer for, pay for, or otherwise participate in sex-trait altering treatment; (2) provide or sponsor sex-trait altering treatment coverage; or (3) facilitate or make arrangements for sex-trait altering treatment. (b) State requirement (1) In general No specified Federal funds (as defined in paragraph (2)) may be made available to a State that requires a health care provider to provide sex-trait altering treatments. (2) Specified Federal funds defined For purposes of this subsection, the term specified Federal funds means any Federal funds made available under a program administered by the Department of Health and Human Services. (c) Civil action A health care provider who is harmed by a violation of subsection (a) may, in a civil action, obtain all appropriate relief, including injunctive relief, declaratory relief, and compensatory damages to prevent the occurrence, continuance, or repetition of such violation and to compensate for losses resulting from the violation. (d) Definition The term health care provider includes— (1) an individual physician, health care assistant, nurse, pharmacist, health researcher, or other health care personnel; (2) a hospital, laboratory, pharmacy, health system, or other health care or medical research facility or organization (including a party to a proposed merger or other collaborative arrangement relating to health services, and an entity resulting therefrom); (3) a provider-sponsored organization, an accountable care organization, or a health maintenance organization; (4) a social services provider that provides or authorizes referrals for health care services; (5) a program of training or education in the health professions or medical research, a participant in such a program, or any individual applying or otherwise aspiring to participate in such a program; (6) an issuer of health insurance coverage or of a health plan; (7) a health care sharing ministry; (8) a health insurance plan, including group, individual, or student health plans, or a sponsor or administrator thereof; and (9) any other health care organization, program, facility, or plan. 10. Prohibition on Federal funds for providing sex-trait altering treatment to students without parental consent (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funds may be provided to an elementary school or secondary school that allows school personnel to provide, assist in providing, or otherwise support the provision of sex-trait altering treatment to a student without notifying the parents of the student and receiving written approval from such parents. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) ESEA terms The terms elementary school , paraprofessional , parent , school leader , secondary school , and specialized instructional support personnel have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7801 ). (2) School personnel The term school personnel includes— (A) teachers; (B) paraprofessionals; (C) school leaders; (D) specialized instructional support personnel; (E) volunteers performing services for a school; and (F) other support staff who are employed by a school or who perform services for a school on a contractual basis. 11. Definitions In this Act: (1) Sex-trait altering treatment The term sex-trait altering treatment means any medical or surgical service, including physician’s services, practitioner’s services, inpatient and outpatient hospital services, or prescribed drugs related to gender transition, other than an excepted service, that seeks to: (A) Alter or remove physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for the individual’s sex; or (B) Instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the individual’s sex, including medical services that provide puberty blocking drugs, gender transition hormone therapy, or genital gender reassignment surgery or nongenital gender reassignment surgery knowingly performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (2) Sex The term sex means the biological indication of being male or female, including sex chromosomes, and naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, and nonambiguous internal and external genitalia present at birth. (3) Gender transition hormone therapy The term gender transition hormone therapy means testosterone, estrogen, or progesterone given to an individual in an amount greater than would normally be produced endogenously in a healthy individual of that individual’s age and sex. (4) Gender The term gender means the psychological, behavioral, social, and cultural aspects of being male or female. (5) Gender reassignment surgery The term gender reassignment surgery means any medical or surgical service that seeks to surgically alter or remove healthy physical or anatomical characteristics or features that are typical for the individual’s sex, in order to instill or create physiological or anatomical characteristics that resemble a sex different from the individual’s sex, including genital gender reassignment surgery or nongenital gender reassignment surgery knowingly performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (6) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process in which an individual shifts from identifying with and living as a gender that corresponds to his or her sex to identifying with and living as a gender different from his or her sex, and may involve social, legal, or physical changes. (7) Genital gender reassignment surgery The term genital gender reassignment surgery means a medical procedure knowingly performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition, including the following: (A) Surgical procedures, including a penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, or vulvoplasty for a male sex patient or hysterectomy or ovariectomy for a female sex patient. (B) Reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty. (C) Phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, or implantation of erection or testicular prostheses for a female sex patient. (8) Nongenital gender reassignment surgery The term nongenital gender reassignment surgery means medical procedures knowingly performed for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition, including the following: (A) Surgical procedures for a male sex patient, including augmentation mammoplasty, facial feminization surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, thyroid cartilage reduction, gluteal augmentation, hair reconstruction, or associated aesthetic procedures. (B) Surgical procedures for a female sex patient, including subcutaneous mastectomy, voice surgery, liposuction, lipofilling, pectoral implants, or associated aesthetic procedures. (9) Puberty blocking drugs The term puberty blocking drugs means the following when used for the purpose of assisting an individual with a gender transition. (A) Gonadotropin releasing hormone analogues or other synthetic drugs used to stop luteinizing hormone and follicle stimulating hormone secretion; or (B) Synthetic antiandrogen drugs used to block the androgen receptor. (10) Excepted service The term excepted service means any of the following: (A) Medical or surgical services furnished to an individual born with a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including an individual with: (i) External sex characteristics that are irresolvably ambiguous; (ii) Forty-six XX chromosomes with virilization; (iii) Forty-six XY chromosomes with undervirilization; or (iv) Both ovarian and testicular tissue. (B) Medical or surgical services provided when a physician or practitioner has diagnosed a disorder or condition of sexual development that the physician or practitioner has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action. (C) The treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of sex-trait altering treatments. (D) Any medical or surgical service undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician or practitioner, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless the medical or surgical service is performed. (E) Mental health or social services, other than sex-trait altering treatments. (F) Services for a disorder or condition of sexual development that is unrelated to a diagnosis of gender dysphoria or gender identity disorder. (11) Minor The term minor means an individual under 18 years of age.

119 HR 2616 IH: Parental Rights Over The Education and Care of Their Kids Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-04-03 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 2616 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES April 3, 2025 Mr. Walberg introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Workforce A BILL To require public elementary and middle schools that receive funds under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to obtain parental consent before changing a minor’s gender markers, pronouns, or preferred name on any school form or sex-based accommodations, including locker rooms or bathrooms. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Parental Rights Over The Education and Care of Their Kids Act or the PROTECT Kids Act . 2. Requirement related to gender markers, pronouns, and preferred names on school forms (a) Requirement As a condition of receiving funds under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq. ), a public school that receives funds under such Act shall be required to obtain parental consent before changing a covered student’s— (1) gender markers, pronouns, or preferred name on any school form; or (2) sex-based accommodations, including locker rooms or bathrooms. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) Covered student The term covered student means a minor who is— (A) an elementary school student; or (B) a student in any of the middle grades. (2) ESEA terms The terms elementary school , middle grades , and parent have the meanings given such terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7801 ).

119 HR 2617 IH: Say No to Indoctrination Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-04-03 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 2617 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES April 3, 2025 Mr. Owens (for himself and Mr. McGuire ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Workforce A BILL To amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to prevent the use of funds under such Act to teach or advance concepts related to gender ideology, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Say No to Indoctrination Act . 2. Prohibition on teaching gender ideology Section 8526 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7906 ) is amendedâ€” (1) in paragraph (6), by striking or ; (2) by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (8); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (6) the following: (7) to teach or advance concepts related to gender ideology, as defined in section 2 of Executive Order 14168 (90 Fed. Reg. 8615; relating to defending women from gender ideology extremism and restoring biological truth to the Federal Government); or .

119 HR 28 IH: Protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act of 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2025-01-03 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 28 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES January 3, 2025 Mr. Steube (for himself, Mr. Walberg , Mr. Estes , Mrs. Houchin , Mr. Finstad , Mr. Higgins of Louisiana , Mr. Fulcher , Ms. Mace , Mr. Ogles , Ms. Hageman , Mr. Bilirakis , Mr. Crenshaw , Mr. Gooden , Mr. Meuser , Mr. Johnson of South Dakota , Mr. Brecheen , Mr. Stauber , Mr. Owens , Mr. Ciscomani , Ms. Foxx , Mr. Ezell , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mrs. Cammack , Mr. Self , Mr. Biggs of Arizona , Mr. Babin , Mr. Nehls , Mr. Fleischmann , Mr. Kustoff , Mr. Bost , Mr. Fitzgerald , Mr. McCormick , Mr. Aderholt , Mr. Guest , Mr. Feenstra , Mr. Webster of Florida , Mr. Davidson , Mr. Ellzey , Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia , Mr. Bean of Florida , Mr. Green of Tennessee , Mr. Zinke , Mr. Arrington , Mr. Smith of New Jersey , Mr. Comer , Mr. Hudson , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mrs. Miller of West Virginia , Mr. Huizenga , Mr. Moore of West Virginia , Mrs. Biggs of South Carolina , Mr. Crank , Mr. Buchanan , Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida , Ms. De La Cruz , Mr. Smith of Missouri , and Mr. Burlison ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Workforce A BILL To amend the Education Amendments of 1972 to provide that for purposes of determining compliance with title IX of such Act in athletics, sex shall be recognized based solely on a person’s reproductive biology and genetics at birth. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act of 2025 . 2. Amendment Section 901 of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (d) (1) It shall be a violation of subsection (a) for a recipient of Federal financial assistance who operates, sponsors, or facilitates an athletic program or activity to permit a person whose sex is male to participate in an athletic program or activity that is designated for women or girls. (2) For the purposes of this subsection, sex shall be recognized based solely on a person’s reproductive biology and genetics at birth. (3) For the purposes of this subsection, the term athletic programs and activities includes, but is not limited to, all programs or activities that are provided conditional upon participation with any athletic team. (4) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit a recipient from permitting males to train or practice with an athletic program or activity that is designated for women or girls so long as no female is deprived of a roster spot on a team or sport, opportunity to participate in a practice or competition, scholarship, admission to an educational institution, or any other benefit that accompanies participating in the athletic program or activity. (5) The Comptroller General shall carry out a study to determine the meaning of the phrase any other benefit as used in paragraph (4) by looking at benefits to women or girls of participating in single sex sports that would be lost by allowing males to participate. The study shall document the adverse psychological, developmental, participatory, and sociological results to girls of allowing males to compete, be members of a sports team, or participants in athletic programs, that are designed for girls, including displacement or discouragement from sports participation, deprivation of a roster spot on a team or sport, loss of the opportunity to participate in a practice or competition, loss of a scholarship or scholarship opportunities, loss or displacement of admission to an educational institution, deprivation of the benefit of an environment free of hostility based on sexual assault or harassment, or loss of any other benefit that accompanies participating in the athletics program or activity. Further, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Education and Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report that contains the results of such study. .

119 HR 3205 IH: No Subsidies for Gender Transition Procedures Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-05-05 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3205 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 5, 2025 Ms. Tenney (for herself and Mr. Crenshaw ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce , and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To deny tax deductions and other Federal funding for the costs of gender transition procedures. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the No Subsidies for Gender Transition Procedures Act . 2. Denial of medical expense tax deduction (a) In general Subsection (d) of section 213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (12) Expenses relating to gender transition (A) In general The term medical care does not include any gender transition procedure. (B) Definitions For purposes of this paragraph— (i) Gender transition procedure (I) In general The term gender transition procedure means any hormonal or surgical intervention for the purpose of gender transition, including— (aa) the provision of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists or other puberty-suppression drugs or puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normally-timed puberty in an individual who does not identify as his or her sex, (bb) the provision of testosterone, estrogen, progesterone, or other androgen blockers to an individual at doses which are supraphysiologic to what would normally be produced endogenously in a healthy individual of the same age and sex, with the intent to align an individual’s physical appearance with an identity that differs from his or her sex, (cc) surgical procedures that attempt to transform an individual’s physical appearance to align with an identity that differs from his or her sex or that attempt to alter or remove an individual’s sexual organs to minimize or destroy their natural biological functions, (dd) castration, vasectomy, penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, vulvoplasty, mastectomy, hysterectomy, oophorectomy, ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without metoidioplasty or phalloplasty, metoidioplasty, phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, implantation of erection or testicular prostheses, reduction thyrochondroplasty, chondrolaryngoplasty, tubal ligation, sterilization, augmentation mammoplasty, placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts, placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region, liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, hair reconstruction, pectoral implants, any plastic, cosmetic, or aesthetic surgery which feminizes or masculinizes the facial or other physiological features of an individual, and any removal of any otherwise healthy or non-diseased body part or tissue. (II) Exclusions The term gender transition procedure does not include, when furnished to an individual by a health care provider with the consent of such individual (or, if applicable, such individual’s parents or legal guardian)— (aa) services to individuals born with a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including an individual with external sex characteristics which are irresolvably ambiguous, such as an individual born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, an individual born with 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or an individual born having both ovarian and testicular tissue, (bb) services relating to any other physician-diagnosed disorder of sexual development with respect to which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a healthy male or female of the same age, (cc) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder caused or exacerbated by the performance of gender transition procedures, without regard to whether the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether the gender transition procedure is treated as medical care under this section, (dd) any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness (but not mental, behavioral, or emotional distress or a mental, behavioral, or emotional disorder) which would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless the procedure is performed to alleviate said physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness, (ee) procedures to restore or reconstruct the body of the individual in order to correspond to the individual’s sex after one or more previous gender transition procedures, which may include the removal of a pseudo phallus or breast augmentation, (ff) puberty suppression or puberty-blocking prescription drugs for the purpose of normalizing puberty for a minor experiencing precocious puberty, or (gg) male circumcision. (ii) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process by which an individual goes from identifying with or presenting as his or her sex to identifying with or presenting as a self-proclaimed identity which does not correspond with or is different from his or her sex, and may be accompanied by social, legal, or physical changes. (iii) Sex The term sex , when referring to an individual’s sex, means either male or female, as biologically determined. (iv) Female The term female , when used to refer to a natural person, means a person belonging, at conception, to the sex characterized by a reproductive system with the biological function of producing eggs (ova). (v) Male The term male , when used to refer to a natural person, means a person belonging, at conception, to the biological sex characterized by a reproductive system with the biological function of producing sperm. . (b) Effective date The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 3. Prohibiting Federal medicaid funding for gender transition procedures (a) In general Section 1903(i) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1396b(i) ) is amended— (1) in paragraph (26), by striking ; or and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (27), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or ; (3) by inserting after paragraph (27) the following new paragraph: (28) with respect to any amounts expended for any specified gender transition procedure (as defined in section 1905(kk)) to an individual enrolled in a State plan under this title (or a waiver of such plan), including any amounts expended for the administration of a State program that furnishes any such procedure. ; and (4) in the flush left matter at the end, by striking and (18), and inserting (18), and (28) . (b) Prohibiting Federal medicaid funding for gender transition procedures Section 1905 of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1396d ) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (kk) Prohibiting Federal medicaid funding for specified gender transition procedures (1) Specified gender transition procedures defined For purposes of section 1903(i)(28), except as provided in paragraph (2), the term specified gender transition procedure means, with respect to an individual, any hormonal or surgical intervention for the purpose of gender transition, including— (A) the provision of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists or other puberty suppression drugs or puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normally timed puberty in an individual who does not identify as his or her sex; (B) the provision of testosterone, estrogen, progesterone, or other androgen blockers to an individual at doses which are supraphysiologic to what would normally be produced endogenously in a healthy individual of the same age and sex, with the intent to align an individual’s physical appearance with an identity that differs from his or her sex; (C) surgical procedures that attempt to transform an individual’s physical appearance to align with an identity that differs from his or her sex or that attempt to alter or remove an individual’s sexual organs to minimize or destroy their natural biological functions; or (D) castration, vasectomy, penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, vulvoplasty, mastectomy, hysterectomy, oophorectomy, ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without metoidioplasty or phalloplasty, metoidioplasty, phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, implantation of erection or testicular prostheses, reduction thyrochondroplasty, chondrolaryngoplasty, tubal ligation, sterilization, augmentation mammoplasty, placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts, placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region, liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, hair reconstruction, pectoral implants, any plastic, cosmetic, or aesthetic surgery which feminizes or masculinizes the facial or other physiological features of an individual, and any removal of any otherwise healthy or non-diseased body part or tissue. (2) Exclusions The term specified gender transition procedure shall not include, when furnished to an individual by a health care provider with the consent of such individual (or, if applicable, the parents or legal guardian of such individual)— (A) services to individuals born with a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including an individual with external sex characteristics which are irresolvably ambiguous, such as an individual born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, an individual born with 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or an individual born having both ovarian and testicular tissue; (B) services relating to any other physician-diagnosed disorder of sexual development with respect to which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a healthy male or female of the same age; (C) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder caused or exacerbated by the performance of gender transition procedures, without regard to whether the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether the gender transition procedure is treated as medical care under this section; (D) any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness (but not mental, behavioral, or emotional distress or a mental, behavioral, or emotional disorder) which would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless the procedure is performed to alleviate said physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness; (E) any procedure to restore or reconstruct the body of the individual in order to correspond to the individual’s sex after 1 or more previous gender transition procedures, which may include the removal of a pseudo phallus or breast augmentation; (F) puberty suppression or puberty-blocking prescription drugs for the purpose of normalizing puberty for an individual experiencing precocious puberty; or (G) male circumcision. (3) Additional definitions For purposes of this subsection: (A) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process by which an individual goes from identifying with or presenting as his or her sex to identifying with or presenting as a self-proclaimed identity which does not correspond with or is different from his or her sex, and may be accompanied by social, legal, or physical changes. (B) Sex The term sex , when referring to an individual’s sex, means either male or female, as biologically determined, including as described in subparagraphs (C) and (D). (C) Female The term female , when used to refer to a natural person, means an individual belonging, at conception, to the sex characterized by a reproductive system with the biological function of producing eggs (ova). (D) Male The term male , when used to refer to a natural person, means an individual belonging, at conception, to the biological sex characterized by a reproductive system with the biological function of producing sperm. . (c) Effective date The amendments made by this section shall apply to services furnished on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 4. Prohibiting Federal children’s health insurance program funding for gender transition procedures on minors (a) In general Section 2105(c) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1397ee(c) ) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (13) Limitation on payment for specified gender transition procedures for minors Payment shall not be made to a State under this section for any amount expended under the State plan to pay for specified gender transition procedures (as defined in section 1905(kk)) or to assist in the purchase, in whole or in part, of health benefit coverage that includes coverage of any such procedure. . (b) Conforming amendment Section 2107(e)(1)(N) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1397gg(e)(1)(N) ) is amended by striking and (17) and inserting (17), and (28) . (c) Effective date The amendments made by this section shall apply to services furnished on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 5. Prohibiting Federal medicare funding for gender transition procedures (a) In general Section 1862(a) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1395y(a) ) is amended— (1) in paragraph (24), by striking or at the end; (2) in paragraph (25), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or ; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (25) the following new paragraph: (26) which are specified gender transition procedures (as defined in section 1905(kk)). . (b) Effective date The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to items and services furnished on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 6. Exclusion of gender transition procedures from essential health benefits Section 1302(b)(2) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( 42 U.S.C. 18022(b)(2) ) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking Limitation and inserting Limitations ; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: (B) Exclusions In defining the essential health benefits under paragraph (1), or in revising essential health benefits under paragraph (4)(H), the Secretary shall not include the category of gender transition procedures (as defined in section 213(d)(12)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) or any items or services covered within such a category. ; and (4) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesignated), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting subparagraph (A) .

119 HR 3247 IH: Sensible Adoption For Every Home Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-05-07 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3247 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 7, 2025 Mrs. Miller of Illinois (for herself and Mr. McCormick ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means A BILL To prohibit entities receiving Federal assistance that are involved in adoption or foster care placements from delaying or denying placements under certain conditions. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Sensible Adoption For Every Home Act or the SAFE Home Act . 2. State plan requirement under the Federal foster care and adoption assistance program (a) In general Section 471(a) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 671(a) ) is amended— (1) by striking and at the end of paragraph (36); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (37) and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (38) (A) prohibits any entity that receives Federal assistance and is involved in adoption or foster care placements from delaying or denying the placement of a minor child for adoption or into foster care, or otherwise discriminating in making a placement decision with a prospective or actual adoptive or foster parent, for any of the following reasons: (i) The parent raises, cares for, and addresses a child in a manner consistent with the child’s sex. (ii) The parent declines to consent to a child receiving any medical, surgical, pharmacological, or psychological treatment or other medical or mental health service for the purpose of attempting to alter the appearance of, or to validate a child’s perception of, the child’s sex, if the appearance or perception is inconsistent with the child’s sex. (iii) The parent declines to consent to an amendment or alteration to a child’s birth certificate, passport, driver’s license, school records, or other government-issued identification document, if the amendment or alteration is inconsistent with the child’s sex; and (B) for purposes of this paragraph, defines— (i) the term sex as biological sex, either male or female; (ii) the term female as an individual who has, had, will have, or but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident would have, a reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization; and (iii) the term male as an individual who has, had, will have, or but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident would have, a reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. . (b) Effective date (1) In general The amendment made by this Act shall take effect on the 1st day of the 1st fiscal quarter beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to payments under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act for calendar quarters beginning on or after such date. (2) Delay permitted if state legislation required If the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that State legislation (other than legislation appropriating funds) is required in order for a State plan developed pursuant to part E of title IV of the Social Security Act to meet the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this Act, the plan shall not be regarded as failing to meet any of the additional requirements before the 1st day of the 1st calendar quarter beginning after the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. For purposes of the preceding sentence, if the State has a 2-year legislative session, each year of the session is deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature.

119 HR 3406 IH: Readiness Over Wokeness Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-05-14 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3406 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 14, 2025 Mr. Moore of Alabama (for himself, Ms. Hageman , Mrs. Luna , Mr. Davidson , Ms. Greene of Georgia , and Mr. Clyde ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services A BILL To prohibit individuals with gender dysphoria from serving as members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Readiness Over Wokeness Act . 2. Prohibition on service in the Armed Forces by individuals with genderdysphoria Chapter 49 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 974 the following new section: 975. Prohibition on service in the Armed Forces by individuals with genderdysphoria (a) Prohibition A person may not serve as a member of the Armed Forces if the person— (1) has a current diagnosis or history of, or exhibits symptoms consistent with, gender dysphoria; or (2) has a history of gender affirming care, including cross-sex hormone therapy or sex reassignment or genital reconstruction surgery as treatment for gender dysphoria or in pursuit of a sex transition. (b) Administrative Separation (1) The Secretary concerned shall administratively discharge any member of the Armed Forces prohibited from serving as a member under subsection (a). (2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a member of the Armed Forces who is separated pursuant to paragraph (1) and for whom no other basis exists for separation is not required to— (A) provide reimbursement for any educational or other benefit for which reimbursement would otherwise be required due to the termination of service as a member of the Armed Forces; or (B) complete any obligation of service as a member of the Armed Forces. (c) Security Clearance Reinvestigation The Secretary of Defense shall— (1) conduct a reinvestigation and readjudication of the eligibility for access to classified information of any person administratively discharged under subsection (b) who was eligible to access classified information at the time of separation from the Armed Forces; or (2) with respect to any such person who, after separation from the Armed Forces, does not serve in a position requiring eligibility to access classified information or who declines to participate in a reinvestigation or readjudication of the eligibility of such person for access to classified information, revoke the eligibility of such person for access to classified information. .

119 HR 3492 IH: Protect Children’s Innocence Act of 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2025-05-19 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3492 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 19, 2025 Ms. Greene of Georgia (for herself, Mr. Crane , Mr. Finstad , Mrs. Luna , Mrs. Bice , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Crenshaw , Mr. McGuire , Mr. Kustoff , Mr. Biggs of Arizona , Mr. Burlison , Ms. Tenney , Mr. Higgins of Louisiana , Mr. Brecheen , Mr. Nehls , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Harris of Maryland , Mr. Grothman , Mr. Hern of Oklahoma , Mr. Collins , Mr. Ogles , Mr. Babin , Mr. Clyde , Ms. De La Cruz , Ms. Hageman , Mr. Owens , Mr. Palmer , Mr. Timmons , Mr. Norman , Mr. Miller of Ohio , Mr. Steube , Mr. Jackson of Texas , Mr. Moore of West Virginia , Mr. Comer , Mr. Gill of Texas , Mr. Baird , Mr. McDowell , Mrs. Harshbarger , and Mr. Gooden ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To amend section 116 of title 18, United States Code, with respect to genital and bodily mutilation and chemical castration of minors. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protect Children’s Innocence Act of 2025 . 2. Genital and bodily mutilation of a minor; chemical castration of a minor (a) In general Section 116 of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 116. Genital and bodily mutilation of a minor; chemical castration of a minor (a) Genital or bodily mutilation Except as provided in subsection (g), whoever, in any circumstance described in subsection (d), knowingly performs, or attempts to perform, genital or bodily mutilation on another person who is a minor, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. (b) Chemical castration of a minor Except as provided in subsection (g), whoever, in any circumstance described in subsection (d), knowingly chemically castrates a minor shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. (c) Certain offense related to female genital mutilation Except as provided in subsection (g), whoever, in any circumstance described in subsection (d), knowingly— (1) facilitates or consents to female genital mutilation of a minor; or (2) transports a minor for the purpose of the performance of female genital mutilation on such minor, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. (d) Circumstances described For the purposes of subsections (a) and (b), the circumstances described in this subsection are that— (1) the defendant or victim traveled in interstate or foreign commerce, or traveled using a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a) or (b); (2) the defendant used a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a) or (b); (3) any payment of any kind was made, directly or indirectly, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a) or (b) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce; (4) the defendant transmitted in interstate or foreign commerce any communication relating to or in furtherance of the conduct described in subsection (a) or (b) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means or in manner, including by computer, mail, wire, or electromagnetic transmission; (5) any instrument, item, substance, or other object that has traveled in interstate or foreign commerce was used to perform the conduct described in subsection (a) or (b); (6) the conduct described in subsection (a) or (b) occurred within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, or any territory or possession of the United States; or (7) the conduct described in subsection (a) or (b) otherwise occurred in or affected interstate or foreign commerce. (e) Prohibition on certain defense It shall not be a defense to a prosecution under subsection (a) that female genital mutilation is required as a matter of religion, custom, tradition, ritual, or standard practice. (f) Prohibition on prosecution of victim No person who is chemically castrated or on whom genital or bodily mutilation is performed may be arrested or prosecuted for an offense under this section. (g) Exceptions (1) Procedures (A) In general Genital or bodily mutilation or chemical castration is not a violation of this section if such genital or bodily mutilation or chemical castration is— (i) necessary to the health of the minor on whom it is conducted, and is conducted by a person licensed in the place of such conduct as a medical practitioner; or (ii) in the case of female genital mutilation, performed on a minor in labor or who has just given birth and is performed for medical purposes connected with that labor or birth by a person licensed in the place it is performed as a medical practitioner, midwife, or person in training to become such a practitioner or midwife. (B) Health of a minor For the purposes of subparagraph (A), the health of a minor does not include a mental health disorder. (2) Exemption Genital or bodily mutilation or chemical castration is not a violation of this section if such genital or bodily mutilation or chemical castration is conducted with respect to any of the following individuals: (A) An individual with both ovarian and testicular tissue. (B) An individual with respect to whom a physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action. (C) An individual experiencing infection, disease, injury, or disorder caused or exacerbated by previous gender transition procedures. (D) An individual suffering from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of impairment of a major bodily function unless the procedure is performed. (h) Definitions In this section: (1) Genital or bodily mutilation The term genital or bodily mutilation means, with respect to an individual, any of the following: (A) Female genital mutilation. (B) Any surgery performed for the purpose of changing the body of such individual to correspond to a sex that differs from their biological sex, including— (i) castration; (ii) orchiectomy; (iii) scrotoplasty; (iv) vasectomy; (v) hysterectomy; (vi) oophorectomy; (vii) ovariectomy; (viii) metoidioplasty; (ix) penectomy; (x) phalloplasty; (xi) vaginoplasty; (xii) vaginectomy; (xiii) vulvoplasty; (xiv) reduction thyrochondroplasty; (xv) chondrolaryngoplasty; and (xvi) mastectomy. (C) Any plastic surgery that feminizes or masculinizes the facial features for the purposes described in subparagraph (B). (D) Any placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts for the purposes described in subparagraph (B). (E) Any placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region for the purposes described in subparagraph (B). (2) Chemical castration The term chemical castration means administering, supplying, prescribing, dispensing, distributing, or otherwise conveying to an individual medications for the purposes described in paragraph (1)(B), including— (A) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normal puberty; (B) testosterone or other androgens to biological females at doses that are supraphysiologic to the female sex; and (C) estrogen to biological males at doses that are supraphysiologic to the male sex. (3) Biological sex The term biological sex means the indication of male or female sex by reproductive potential or capacity, sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, gonads, or internal or external genitalia present at birth. (4) Female genital mutilation The term female genital mutilation means any procedure performed for non-medical reasons that involves partial or total removal of, or other injury to, the external female genitalia, and includes— (A) a clitoridectomy or the partial or total removal of the clitoris or the prepuce or clitoral hood; (B) excision or the partial or total removal (with or without excision of the clitoris) of the labia minora or the labia majora, or both; (C) infibulation or the narrowing of the vaginal opening (with or without excision of the clitoris); or (D) other procedures that are harmful to the external female genitalia, including pricking, incising, scraping, or cauterizing the genital area. (5) Minor The term minor means any person under the age of eighteen years. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for chapter 7 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item related to section 116 and inserting the following: 116. Genital and bodily mutilation of a minor; chemical castration of a minor. .

119 HR 3518 IH: To amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to prohibit graduate medical schools from receiving Federal financial assistance if such schools adopt certain policies and requirements relating to diversity, equity, and inclusion. U.S. House of Representatives 2025-05-20 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3518 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 20, 2025 Mr. Murphy (for himself, Mr. Owens , Mr. Kelly of Pennsylvania , Mr. Onder , Mr. Gosar , Ms. Tenney , Mr. Rouzer , Mr. Nehls , Mr. Moore of North Carolina , Mr. Jackson of Texas , Mr. Kennedy of Utah , Mrs. Miller of West Virginia , Mr. Begich , Ms. Van Duyne , and Mr. Crenshaw ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Workforce A BILL To amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to prohibit graduate medical schools from receiving Federal financial assistance if such schools adopt certain policies and requirements relating to diversity, equity, and inclusion. 1. Limitation on availability of funds for certain graduate medical schools Part B of title I of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1011 et seq. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: 124. Limitation on availability of funds for certain graduate medical schools (a) Limitation Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no graduate medical school at an institution of higher education shall be eligible to receive funds or any other form of financial assistance under any Federal program, including participation in any federally funded or guaranteed student loan program, unless the institution submits the following certifications to the Secretary: (1) A certification that the institution does not, and will not, do any of the following: (A) Direct or compel faculty, staff, or students of the medical school to personally state, pledge, recite, or otherwise express any of the following tenets as a precondition of receiving any benefit, program access, instruction, privilege, employment, admission, or other such matter: (i) That any sex, race, ethnicity, religion, color, or national origin makes an individual a member of oppressed or oppressor categories. (ii) That individuals should be adversely treated on the basis of their sex, race, ethnicity, religion, color, or national origin. (iii) That individuals, by virtue of sex, race, ethnicity, religion, color, or national origin, are inherently responsible for actions committed in the past by other members of the same sex, race, ethnicity, religion, color, or national origin. (iv) That America is systemically, structurally, or institutionally racist, or that racism is weaved into the ordinary business of society , or that America is an oppressive nation. (B) Take any action that would deprive or tend to deprive a medical student of educational opportunities or otherwise adversely affect their status as a student, on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, or national origin, including— (i) making a distinction or classification of medical school students on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, or national origin; (ii) establishing a privilege or benefit for students solely on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, or national origin; (iii) providing a course of instruction for students solely on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, or national origin; or (iv) otherwise distinguising students by race, ethnicity, color, or national origin. (C) Require a course of instruction or unit of study at the medical school directing or otherwise compelling students, faculty, or staff to personally state, pledge, recite, assert, or otherwise adopt any of the tenets specified in subparagraph (A). (D) Establish, maintain, or contract with a diversity, equity, and inclusion office, or any other functional equivalent of such an office, to serve the medical school. (E) Require or incentivize an individual to complete a diversity statement professing or adhering to diversity, equity, and inclusion as a condition of, or benefit in, admission or employment at such school. (2) A certification that the institution will comply with all applicable civil rights laws, including— (A) titles IV and VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000c et seq. ; 2000d et seq.); (B) title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ); (C) section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 ( 29 U.S.C. 794 ); (D) the Age Discrimination Act of 1975 ( 42 U.S.C. 6101 et seq. ); and (E) any regulations, guidelines, and standards issued by the Department of Education under any applicable civil rights laws. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) Diversity, equity, and inclusion office The term diversity, equity, and inclusion office means any component of an institution of higher education, including any division, unit, or center of such an institution, that is responsible for directing or compelling faculty, staff, or students to state, pledge, recite, assert, or otherwise express ideas as a precondition of receiving any benefit, program access, instruction, privilege, employment, admission, or other such matter in violation of title IV or title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000c et seq. ; 2000d et seq.). (2) Diversity statement The term diversity statement means any written or oral statement that— (A) asserts that individuals of any race, sex, ethnicity, color, or national origin are inherently superior or inferior; (B) asserts that individuals should be adversely or advantageously treated on the basis of their race, sex, ethnicity, color, or national origin; or (C) asserts that individuals, by virtue of race, sex, ethnicity, color, or national origin, bear collective guilt and are inherently responsible for actions committed in the past by other members of the same race, ethnicity, color, or national origin. (3) Institution of higher education The term institution of higher education has the meaning given that term in section 102. . 2. Conforming requirements for accrediting agencies and associations Section 496(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1099b(a) ) is amended— (1) in paragraph (7), by striking and at the end; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (9) if such agency or association has or seeks to include within its scope of recognition the evaluation of the quality of institutions or programs offering graduate medical education, such agency or association shall, in addition to meeting the other requirements of this subpart, demonstrate to the Secretary that the agency or association does not require an institution or program to adopt any policies or other requirements in contravention of section 124 as a condition of receiving accreditation from the agency or association. . 3. Rules of construction Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed— (1) to prohibit a graduate medical school at an institution of higher education from— (A) providing instruction about unique medical needs or conditions that may be related to an individual’s sex, race, or other characteristics; or (B) collecting and maintaining demographic data on students solely for informational purposes; (2) in the case of an institution with a religious mission, to require or incentivize the institution to take any action that is contrary to the tenets of such religion; or (3) to restrict or prohibit— (A) the exercise of First Amendment rights by anyone lawfully present on the grounds of an institution of higher education (as defined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1002 )); (B) academic instruction at such an institution, except to the extent required under paragraphs (2)(C) and (3) of section 124(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (as added by section 2); (C) research operations at such an institution; (D) the operations of student organizations at such an institution; (E) the invitation of lecturers and other guest speakers to such an institution; or (F) the ability of an institution to comply with Federal and State anti-discrimination laws. 4. Severability If any provision of this Act or an amendment made by this Act is held invalid, the remainder of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall not be affected thereby.

119 HR 3688 IH: Protecting Children from Experimentation Act of 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2025-06-03 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3688 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 3, 2025 Mr. LaMalfa (for himself, Mr. Grothman , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Gosar , Mr. Nehls , Ms. Tenney , Ms. Boebert , Mr. Rouzer , Mr. Arrington , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Palmer , and Mr. Bost ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To amend chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, to prohibit gender transition procedures on minors, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protecting Children from Experimentation Act of 2025 . 2. Gender transition procedures on minors prohibited Chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following: 2260B. Gender transition procedures on minors (a) In general Any physical or mental health care professional who, under the circumstances described in subsection (d), knowingly performs or otherwise aids and abets the performance of a gender transition procedure on a minor shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. (b) Prohibition on prosecution of person on whom procedures are performed No person on whom the gender transition procedure under subsection (a) is performed may be arrested or prosecuted for an offense under this section. (c) Civil action A person on whom a gender transition procedure is performed under this section may bring a civil action for appropriate relief against each person who performed the gender transition procedure. (d) Circumstances described For purposes of subsection (a), the circumstances described in this subsection are that— (1) the defendant or minor traveled in interstate or foreign commerce, or traveled using a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (2) the defendant used a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (3) any payment of any kind was made, directly or indirectly, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce; (4) the defendant transmitted in interstate or foreign commerce any communication relating to or in furtherance of the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means or in manner, including by computer, mail, wire, or electromagnetic transmission; (5) any instrument, item, substance, or other object that has traveled in interstate or foreign commerce was used to perform the conduct described in subsection (a); (6) the conduct described in subsection (a) occurred within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, or any territory or possession of the United States; or (7) the conduct described in subsection (a) otherwise occurred in or affected interstate or foreign commerce. (e) Definitions In this section: (1) Female The term female , when used to refer to a natural person, means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a congenital anomaly, historical accident, or intentional or unintentional disruption, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (2) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process in which an individual goes from identifying with or presenting as his or her sex to identifying with or presenting a self-proclaimed identity that does not correspond with or is different from his or her sex, and may be accompanied with social, legal, or physical changes. (3) Gender transition procedure (A) In general The term gender transition procedure means any hormonal or surgical intervention for the purpose of gender transition, including— (i) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) agonists or other puberty-blocking or suppressing drugs to stop or delay normal puberty; (ii) testosterone, estrogen, progesterone, or other androgens to an individual at doses that are supraphysiologic to what would normally be produced endogenously in a healthy individual of the same age and sex; (iii) castration; (iv) orchiectomy; (v) scrotoplasty; (vi) implantation of erection or testicular prostheses; (vii) vasectomy; (viii) hysterectomy; (ix) oophorectomy; (x) ovariectomy; (xi) reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty; (xii) metoidioplasty; (xiii) penectomy; (xiv) phalloplasty; (xv) vaginoplasty; (xvi) clitoroplasty; (xvii) vaginectomy; (xviii) vulvoplasty; (xix) reduction thyrochondroplasty; (xx) chondrolaryngoplasty; (xxi) mastectomy; (xxii) tubal ligation; (xxiii) sterilization; (xxiv) any plastic, cosmetic, or aesthetic surgery that feminizes or masculinizes the facial or other physiological features of an individual; (xxv) any placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts; (xxvi) any placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region; (xxvii) augmentation mammoplasty; (xxviii) liposuction; (xxix) lipofilling; (xxx) voice surgery; (xxxi) hair reconstruction; (xxxii) pectoral implants; and (xxxiii) the removal of any otherwise healthy or non-diseased body part or tissue. (B) Exclusions The term gender transition procedure does not include the following when furnished to an individual by a health care provider with the consent of such individual or, if applicable, such individual’s parents or legal guardian: (i) Services to individuals born with a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including an individual with external sex characteristics that are irresolvably ambiguous, such as an individual born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, an individual born with 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or an individual born having both ovarian and testicular tissue. (ii) Services provided when a physician has otherwise diagnosed a disorder of sexual development in which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a healthy individual of the same sex and age. (iii) The treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of gender transition procedures, whether or not the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether or not funding for the gender transition procedure is permissible under this section. (iv) Any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness (but not mental, behavioral, or emotional distress or a mental, behavioral, or emotional disorder) that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function, unless the procedure is performed. (v) Puberty suppression or blocking prescription drugs for the purpose of normalizing puberty for a minor experiencing precocious puberty. (vi) Male circumcision. (4) Male The term male , when used to refer to a natural person, means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a congenital anomaly, historical accident, or intentional or unintentional disruption, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. (5) Minor The term minor means an individual under the age of 18. (6) Sex The term sex , when referring to an individual’s sex, means to refer to either male or female, as biologically determined. ; and (2) by amending the table of sections for such chapter by adding at the end the following: 2260B. Gender transition procedures on minors. .

119 HR 3765 IH: Focusing Academies on Leadership and Cultivating Officers for National Security Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-06-05 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3765 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 5, 2025 Mr. Green of Tennessee introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services , and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To prohibit Federal service academies from providing training and education based on critical race theory or diversity, equity, and inclusion. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Focusing Academies on Leadership and Cultivating Officers for National Security Act or the FALCONS Act . 2. Prohibition on training and education at Federal service academies regarding critical race theory, diversity, equity, and inclusion No Federal funds may be obligated or expended to establish a curriculum, or to provide training or education based on critical race theory, diversity, equity, and inclusion at any of the following institutions: (1) The United States Military Academy. (2) The United States Naval Academy. (3) The United States Air Force Academy. (4) The United States Coast Guard Academy. (5) The United States Merchant Marine Academy.

119 HR 3792 IH: Kids Information Data Security Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-06-05 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3792 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 5, 2025 Mr. Van Drew introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce , and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to prohibit providers participating in the Medicare program and State health care programs from requesting on intake forms information regarding the gender identity or sexual preference of minors. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Kids Information Data Security Act or the KIDS Act . 2. Prohibiting providers participating in Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP from requesting on intake forms information regarding the gender identity or sexual preference of minors (a) In general Section 1128 of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1320a–7 ) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting (or, in the case of individuals and entities described in paragraph (5), from participation in the Medicare program under title XVIII or a State health care program) after (as defined in section 1128B(f)) ; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the following new paragraph: (5) Certain prohibited information requested from minors Any individual or entity that, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, requests through an intake form provided in connection with any item or service furnished to an individual under 18 years of age, or through any other written or electronic documentation or data collection process initiated before, during, or after the intake process with respect to such individual, information that— (A) is related to the gender identity or sexual preference of such individual; and (B) is not essential to the diagnosis, treatment, or prevention of a condition for which such individual is seeking care, as determined by applicable clinical guidelines or medical necessity criteria. . (b) Reporting mechanism Not later than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall establish a mechanism by which individuals may report to the Secretary any instance of a request for information described in paragraph (5) of section 1128(a) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1320a–7(a) ), as added by subsection (a).

119 HR 3802 IH: EO 14190 Act of 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2025-06-06 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3802 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 6, 2025 Mr. Burchett introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Workforce , and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services , and Foreign Affairs , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To codify Executive Order 14190 (relating to ending radical indoctrination in K–12 schooling). 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the EO 14190 Act of 2025 . 2. Codification of Executive Order 14190, Ending Radical Indoctrination in K–12 Schooling Executive Order 14190 (90 Fed. Reg. 8853; Ending Radical Indoctrination in K–12 Schooling) shall have the force and effect of law.

119 HR 3917 IH: To prohibit the participation of males in athletic programs or activities at the military service academies that are designated for women or girls. U.S. House of Representatives 2025-06-11 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 3917 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 11, 2025 Mr. Johnson of South Dakota introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services A BILL To prohibit the participation of males in athletic programs or activities at the military service academies that are designated for women or girls. 1. Prohibition on participation of males in athletic programs or activities at the military service academies that are designated for women or girls (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the United States Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy, and the United States Air Force Academy do not permit a person whose sex is male to participate in an athletic program or activity that is designated for women or girls. (b) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit a recipient from permitting males to train or practice with an athletic program or activity that is designated for women or girls so long as no female is deprived of a roster spot on a team or sport, opportunity to participate in a practice or competition, scholarship, admission to an educational institution, or any other benefit that accompanies participating in the athletic program or activity. (c) Definitions In this section— (1) the term athletic programs and activities includes all programs or activities that are provided conditional upon participation with any athletic team; and (2) the term sex means a person’s reproductive biology and genetics at birth.

119 S9 PCS: Protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act of 2025 U.S. Senate 2025-01-08 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II Calendar No. 2 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 9 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES January 7, 2025 Mr. Tuberville (for himself, Mr. Risch , Mr. Johnson , Mr. Tillis , Mrs. Capito , Mr. Cramer , Mrs. Hyde-Smith , Mr. Cotton , Mr. Crapo , Mr. Lankford , Mr. Daines , Mr. Marshall , Mr. Lee , Mr. Kennedy , Mr. Hagerty , Mr. Schmitt , Mr. Budd , Mr. Sheehy , Ms. Lummis , Mr. Barrasso , Mr. Paul , Mr. Graham , Mr. Scott of Florida , Ms. Ernst , Mrs. Britt , Mr. Ricketts , Mr. Sullivan , Mrs. Blackburn , Mr. Wicker , Mr. Banks and Mr. Scott of South Carolina ) introduced the following bill; which was read the first time January 8, 2025 Read the second time and placed on the calendar A BILL To provide that for purposes of determining compliance with title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 in athletics, sex shall be recognized based solely on a person's reproductive biology and genetics at birth. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act of 2025 . 2. Amendment Section 901 of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (d) (1) It shall be a violation of subsection (a) for a recipient of Federal funds who operates, sponsors, or facilitates athletic programs or activities to permit a person whose sex is male to participate in an athletic program or activity that is designated for women or girls. (2) For purposes of this subsection, sex shall be recognized based solely on a person's reproductive biology and genetics at birth. . January 8, 2025 Read the second time and placed on the calendar

119 HR 4138 IH: Restoring Biological Truth in Government Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-06-25 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 4138 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 25, 2025 Ms. Mace (for herself and Mr. Moore of Alabama ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform A BILL To prohibit the heads of executive agencies from asking about gender identity on any form or survey, to require executive agencies provide male and female as the only options to respond to questions about sex or gender on any forms or surveys and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Restoring Biological Truth in Government Act . 2. Prohibition on asking about gender identity on any executive agency form or survey (a) Prohibition With respect to any collection of information conducted by or for an executive agency through a form or survey, the head of such agency— (1) may not— (A) solicit or obtain any information regarding the gender identity of an individual; and (B) provide an option to select or mark on the form or survey that sex or gender of an individual is something other than male or female; and (2) shall reject the submission of any such form or survey that provides a response other than male or female to a required question on sex or gender. (b) OMB guidance Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall issue guidance to the heads of covered agencies on the implementation of the provisions of this section. (c) Definitions In this Act: (1) Executive agency The term executive agency means an establishment in the executive branch of the Federal Government, including— (A) the Executive Office of the President; (B) any executive department; (C) any independent regulatory agency; (D) any military department; (E) any government corporation; and (F) any government-controlled corporation. (2) Female The term female means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (3) Gender The term gender — (A) means— (i) males, females, or the natural differences between males and females, unless such term is otherwise specified or used alone (rather than with or as an adjective modifying other words); and (ii) a synonym for sex; and (B) does not mean gender identity, experienced gender, gender expression, or gender roles. (4) Gender identity The term gender identity does not mean sex or gender. (5) Male The term male means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. (6) Sex The term sex means the biological determination as to whether an individual is male or female.

119 HR 4512 IH: Transgender Research on Animals Now Stops and Money for Ideological Cruelty Eliminated Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-07-17 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 4512 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES July 17, 2025 Ms. Mace (for herself, Mr. Gosar , Mr. Gill of Texas , and Ms. Boebert ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology A BILL To prohibit the availability of Federal funds for certain animal research, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Transgender Research on Animals Now Stops and Money for Ideological Cruelty Eliminated Act or the TRANS MICE Act . 2. Prohibition on availability of Federal funds for certain animal research (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funds may be made available to conduct, support, or fund (directly or indirectly) any covered research on a qualified animal. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) Covered research The term covered research means any research to study the effects of drugs, hormones, surgery, or other interventions to alter the body of a qualified animal to no longer correspond to the biological sex of such animal, including by— (A) disrupting the development of an animal’s body; (B) inhibiting the natural functions of the animal’s body; or (C) modifying the physical appearance of an animal. (2) Excepted animal The term excepted animal means any non-human vertebrate that— (A) changes sex during its lifetime; or (B) naturally possesses both male and female reproductive organs. (3) Qualified animal The term qualified animal means any non-human vertebrate species (other than excepted animals). Such term includes mammals, birds, fish, reptiles, and amphibians.

119 HR 4618 IH: Jamie Reed Protecting Our Kids from Child Abuse Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-07-22 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 4618 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES July 22, 2025 Mr. Steube (for himself and Mrs. Miller of Illinois ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary , and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce , and Education and Workforce , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To establish a Federal tort against pediatric gender clinics and other entities pushing gender-transition procedures that cause bodily injury to children or harm the mental health of children. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Jamie Reed Protecting Our Kids from Child Abuse Act . 2. Federal tort for harm to children caused by gender-transition procedures (a) Definitions In this section: (1) Gender transition procedure (A) In general Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term gender-transition procedure means— (i) the prescription or administration of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists or any other puberty-blocking drugs for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual's biological sex of male or female; (ii) the prescription or administration of testosterone (when prescribed to a female) or estrogen (when prescribed to a male) for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex of male or female; or (iii) a surgery to change the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex of male or female. (B) Exception The term gender-transition procedure does not include— (i) an intervention described in subparagraph (A) that is performed on— (I) an individual with biological sex characteristics that are inherently ambiguous, such as those born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or having both ovarian and testicular tissue; or (II) an individual with respect to whom a physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action, for a biological male or biological female; (ii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused or exacerbated by the performance of an intervention described in subparagraph (A) without regard to whether the intervention was performed in accordance with State or Federal law or whether the intervention is covered by the private right of action under subsection (c); or (iii) any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless the procedure is performed. (2) Hospital The term hospital has the meaning given such term in section 1861(e) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1395x(e) ). (3) Institution of higher education The term institution of higher education has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 ). (4) Medical practitioner The term medical practitioner means a person who is licensed, certified, or otherwise authorized by the laws of a State to administer health care in the ordinary course of the practice of the person’s profession. (5) Minor The term minor means an individual who has not yet reached 18 years of age. (6) Pediatric gender clinic The term pediatric gender clinic means a medical facility that specializes in the diagnosis or treatment of gender discordance and gender dysphoria in minors, including medical interventions such as therapeutic diagnosis of gender dysphoria and performance of (or referral for) gender-transition procedures on minors. (b) Liability The following individuals and entities shall be liable in accordance with this section to any individual who suffers bodily injury or harm to mental health (including any physical, psychological, emotional, or physiological harm) that is attributable, in whole or in part, to a gender-transition procedure performed on the individual when the individual was a minor: (1) A pediatric gender clinic where the gender-transition procedure was provided. (2) Any medical practitioner who administered health care, at the time of the particular procedure, at the pediatric gender clinic where the gender-transition procedure was provided. (3) An institution of higher education that hosts, operates, partners with, provides funding to, or is otherwise affiliated with the pediatric gender clinic where the gender-transition procedure was provided. (4) A hospital that hosts, operates, partners with, provides funding to, or is otherwise affiliated with the pediatric gender clinic where the gender-transition procedure was provided. (5) Any medical practitioner who performed the gender-transition procedure on the individual. (c) Private right of action An individual who suffers bodily injury or harm to mental health that is attributable, in whole or in part, to a gender-transition procedure provided to the individual when the individual was a minor may, not later than 30 years after the date on which the individual turns 18 years of age, bring a civil action against an individual or entity described in subsection (b), in an appropriate district court of the United States or a State court of competent jurisdiction for— (1) compensatory damages; (2) punitive damages; and (3) attorney’s fees and costs. (d) Affirmative defense It shall be an affirmative defense to an action brought by or on behalf of an individual upon whom a gender-transition procedure was performed under subsection (c) that the pediatric gender clinic or medical practitioner who performed the gender-transition procedure on the individual, at all relevant times, did not know and had no reason to know that the individual in question was a minor. 3. Prohibition on funding No Federal funds may be made available— (1) to a pediatric gender clinic; (2) to an institution of higher education or hospital that hosts, operates, partners with, provides funding to, or is otherwise affiliated with, a pediatric gender clinic; or (3) for any gender-transition procedure performed on a minor. 4. Effective date and retroactive application This Act shall— (1) take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) apply to any gender-transition procedure that took place before, on, or after the effective date under paragraph (1). 5. Severability If any provision of this Act, or the application of such provision to any person or circumstance, is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder of this Act, and the application of the remaining provisions of this Act, to any person or circumstance, shall not be affected.

119 HR 4730 IH: Restoring Truth and Sanity to American History Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-07-23 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 4730 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES July 23, 2025 Mr. Self introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources , and in addition to the Committee on House Administration , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To codify Executive Order 14253 relating to restoring truth and sanity to American history, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Restoring Truth and Sanity to American History Act . 2. Codification of Executive Order 14253 (a) Findings Congress finds the following: (1) Over the past decade, Americans have witnessed a concerted and widespread effort to rewrite our Nation's history, replacing objective facts with a distorted narrative driven by ideology rather than truth. This revisionist movement seeks to undermine the remarkable achievements of the United States by casting its founding principles and historical milestones in a negative light. Under this historical revision, our Nation's unparalleled legacy of advancing liberty, individual rights, and human happiness is reconstructed as inherently racist, sexist, oppressive, or otherwise irredeemably flawed. Rather than fostering unity and a deeper understanding of our shared past, the widespread effort to rewrite history deepens societal divides and fosters a sense of national shame, disregarding the progress America has made and the ideals that continue to inspire millions around the globe. (2) The prior administration advanced this corrosive ideology. At Independence National Historical Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania—where our Nation declared that all men are created equal—the prior administration sponsored training by an organization that advocates dismantling Western foundations and interrogating institutional racism and pressured National Historical Park rangers that their racial identity should dictate how they convey history to visiting Americans because America is purportedly racist. (3) Once widely respected as a symbol of American excellence and a global icon of cultural achievement, the Smithsonian Institution has, in recent years, come under the influence of a divisive, race-centered ideology. This shift has promoted narratives that portray American and Western values as inherently harmful and oppressive. For example, the Smithsonian American Art Museum today features The Shape of Power: Stories of Race and American Sculpture , an exhibit representing that societies including the United States have used race to establish and maintain systems of power, privilege, and disenfranchisement. The exhibit further claims that sculpture has been a powerful tool in promoting scientific racism and promotes the view that race is not a biological reality but a social construct, stating Race is a human invention . (4) The National Museum of African American History and Culture has proclaimed that hard work , individualism , and the nuclear family are aspects of White culture . The forthcoming Smithsonian American Women's History Museum plans on celebrating the exploits of male athletes participating in women's sports. These are just a few examples. (b) Policy statement It is the policy of this Act— (1) to restore Federal sites dedicated to history, including parks and museums, to solemn and uplifting public monuments that remind Americans of our extraordinary heritage, consistent progress toward becoming a more perfect Union, and unmatched record of advancing liberty, prosperity, and human flourishing; (2) that Museums in our Nation's capital should be places where individuals go to learn—not to be subjected to ideological indoctrination or divisive narratives that distort our shared history; and (3) to restore the Smithsonian Institution to its rightful place as a symbol of inspiration and American greatness—igniting the imagination of young minds, honoring the richness of American history and innovation, and instilling pride in the hearts of all Americans. (c) Saving our Smithsonian (1) In general The Vice President, in consultation with the Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy and the Special Assistant to the President and Senior Associate Staff Secretary, shall— (A) work to effectuate the policies of this Act through the Vice President's role on the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution with respect to the Smithsonian Institution and its museums, education and research centers, and the National Zoo, including by seeking to remove from such properties anything that— (i) violates the policy of this Act as articulated in subsection (b) or Federal civil rights laws; or (ii) divides Americans based on race; and (B) recommend to the President any additional actions necessary to fully effectuate such policies. (2) Future appropriations The Vice President and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall work with Congress to ensure that future appropriations to the Smithsonian Institution— (A) prohibit expenditure on exhibits or programs that— (i) degrade shared American values; (ii) divide Americans based on race; or (iii) promote programs or ideologies inconsistent with Federal law, the policy of this Act as articulated in subsection (b), or Federal civil rights laws; and (B) celebrate the achievements of women in the American Women's History Museum and do not recognize men as women in any respect, including by— (i) promoting, celebrating, or favorably depicting biological males competing in women’s sports, winning awards designated for women, dressing as women, or entering private facilities designated for women; (ii) promoting, celebrating, or favorably depicting gender-affirming medicine, especially for minors; or (iii) including any other material that degrades the biological nature of sex or violates Federal civil rights laws. (3) Other measures to promote policy The Director of the Office of Management and Budget and the Secretary of the Interior shall take any other measures within their authority to promote the policy of this Act. (4) Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution As appropriate, the Vice President shall, in consultation with the Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy and Special Assistant to the President and Senior Associate Staff Secretary, work with the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Majority Leader of the Senate to seek the appointment of citizen members to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution committed to advancing the policy of this Act. (d) Restoring Independence Hall The Secretary of the Interior shall provide sufficient funding, as available, to improve the infrastructure of Independence National Historical Park, which shall be complete by July 4, 2026, the 250th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence. (e) Restoring truth in American history The Secretary of the Interior shall— (1) determine whether, since January 1, 2020, public monuments, memorials, statues, markers, or similar properties within the Department of the Interior's jurisdiction have been removed or changed to perpetuate a false reconstruction of American history, inappropriately minimize the value of certain historical events or figures, divide Americans based on race, recognize men as women, or include any other improper partisan ideology; (2) take action to reinstate the pre-existing monuments, memorials, statues, markers, or similar properties, as appropriate and consistent with section 437 of the Revised Statutes ( 43 U.S.C. 1451 ), division A of subtitle I of title 54, United States Code, and other applicable law; and (3) take action, as appropriate and consistent with applicable law, to ensure that all public monuments, memorials, statues, markers, or similar properties within the Department of the Interior’s jurisdiction— (A) do not contain descriptions, depictions, or other content that inappropriately disparage Americans past or living (including persons living in colonial times), divide Americans based on race, or recognize men as women; and (B) instead focus on the greatness of the achievements and progress of the American people or, with respect to natural features, the beauty, abundance, and grandeur of the American landscape. (f) Rule of construction Nothing in this Act shall be construed to— (1) impair or otherwise affect— (A) the authority granted by law to an executive department or agency, or the head thereof; or (B) the functions of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget relating to budgetary, administrative, or legislative proposals; or (2) create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, its departments, agencies, or entities, its officers, employees, or agents, or any other person.

119 HR 498 IH: Do No Harm in Medicaid Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-01-16 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 498 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES January 16, 2025 Mr. Crenshaw (for himself and Ms. Greene of Georgia ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce A BILL To amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to prohibit Federal Medicaid funding for gender transition procedures for minors. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Do No Harm in Medicaid Act . 2. Prohibiting federal medicaid funding for gender transition for minors (a) In general Section 1903(i) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1396b(i) ) is amended— (1) in paragraph (26), by striking ; or and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (27), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or ; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (27) the following new paragraph: (28) with respect to any amount expended for specified gender procedures under section 1905(kk) to an individual under 18 years of age enrolled in a State plan (or waiver of such plan), including any amounts expended for the administration of a State program that furnishes specified procedures and drugs to individuals under 18 years of age. . (4) in the flush left matter at the end, by striking and (18), and inserting (18), and (28) . (b) Prohibiting federal medicaid funding for gender transitions for minors Section 1905 of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1396d ) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (KK) Prohibiting federal medicaid funding for gender transitions for minors (A) For purposes of section 1903(i)(28), except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term specified gender transition procedures means, with respect to an individual, any of the following when performed for the purpose of intentionally changing the body of such individual (including by disrupting the body’s development, inhibiting its natural functions, or modifying its appearance) to no longer correspond to the individual’s sex: (i) Performing any surgery, including— (I) castration; (II) sterilization; (III) orchiectomy; (IV) scrotoplasty; (V) vasectomy; (VI) tubal ligation; (VII) hysterectomy; (VIII) oophorectomy; (IX) ovariectomy; (X) metoidioplasty; (XI) clitoroplasty; (XII) reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty; (XIII) penectomy; (XIV) phalloplasty; (XV) vaginoplasty; (XVI) vaginectomy; (XVII) vulvoplasty; (XVIII) reduction thyrochondroplasty; (XIX) chondrolaryngoplasty; (XX) mastectomy; and (XXI) any plastic, cosmetic, or aesthetic surgery that feminizes or masculinizes the facial or other physiological features of an individual. (ii) Any placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts or any placement of erection or testicular prosetheses. (iii) Any placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region. (iv) Administering, supplying, prescribing, dispensing, distributing, or otherwise conveying to an individual medications, including— (I) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normal puberty; and (II) testosterone, estrogen, progesterone or other androgens to an individual at doses that are supraphysiologic, greater or more potent than would normally be produced endogenously in a healthy individual of the same age and sex. (B) Exception Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the following when furnished to an individual by a health care provider with the consent of such individual’s parent or legal guardian: (i) Puberty suppression or blocking prescription drugs for the purpose of normalizing puberty for an individual experiencing precocious puberty. (ii) Appropriate and medically necessary procedures or treatments to correct for— (I) a medically verifiable genetic disorder of sex development, including— (aa) 46,XX chromosomes with virilization; (bb) 46,XY chromosome with undervirilization; and (cc) both ovarian and testicular tissue; (II) sex chromosome structure, sexsteroid hormone production, or sex hormone action, if determined to be abnormal for a healthy individual of the same sex and age by a physician through genetic or biochemical testing; (III) infection, disease, injury, or disorder caused or exacerbated by a previous procedure described in subparagraph (A), or a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of a major bodily function unless the procedure is performed, not including procedures performed for the alleviation of mental distress; or (IV) procedures to restore or reconstruct the body of the individual in order to correspond to the individual’s sex after one or more previous procedures described in subparagraph (A), which may include the removal of a pseudo phallus or breast augmentation. (C) Sex For purposes of subparagraph(A), the term sex means either male or female, as biologically determined and defined by clause (i) and clause (ii). (i) Female The term female means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (ii) Male The term male means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. .

119 HR 600 IH: WHO is Accountable Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-01-22 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 600 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES January 22, 2025 Mr. Arrington (for himself, Mr. Crenshaw , Mr. Estes , and Mr. Steube ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs A BILL To prohibit the use of funds to seek membership in the World Health Organization or to provide assessed or voluntary contributions to the World Health Organization. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the WHO is Accountable Act . 2. Prohibition on use of funds to seek membership in the World Health Organization or to provide assessed or voluntary contributions to the World Health Organization (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to any Federal department or agency may be used to seek membership by the United States in the World Health Organization or to provide assessed or voluntary contributions to the World Health Organization until such time as the Secretary of State certifies to Congress that the World Health Organization meets the conditions described in subsection (b). (b) Conditions described The conditions described in this subsection are the following: (1) The World Health Organization has adopted meaningful reforms to ensure that humanitarian assistance is not politicized and is to be provided to those with the most need. (2) The World Health Organization is not under the control or significant malign influence of the Chinese Communist Party. (3) The World Health Organization is not involved in a coverup of the Chinese Communist Party’s response to the COVID–19 pandemic. (4) The World Health Organization grants observer status to Taiwan. (5) The World Health Organization does not divert humanitarian or medical supplies to Iran, North Korea, or Syria. (6) The World Health Organization has put in place mechanisms to increase transparency and accountability in its operations and eliminate waste, fraud, and abuse. (7) The World Health Organization has ceased all funding for, engagement in, and messaging with respect to certain controversial and politically charged issues that are non-germane to the World Health Organization’s directive, including— (A) so-called gender identity and harmful rhetoric relating to gender affirming care ; (B) climate change; and (C) access to abortion. (8) The World Health Organization has agreed that as a condition of membership by the United States in the World Health Organization, no directive issued by the World Health Organization may be considered to be legally binding on any United States citizen or individual State.

119 HR 650 IH: Families’ Rights and Responsibilities Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-01-23 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 650 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES January 23, 2025 Ms. Foxx (for herself, Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Rose , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Bilirakis , Mr. Higgins of Louisiana , Mr. Guthrie , Mr. Finstad , Mr. Loudermilk , Mr. McCormick , and Mr. Haridopolos ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To protect the right of parents to direct the upbringing of their children as a fundamental right. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Families’ Rights and Responsibilities Act . 2. Congressional findings and declaration of purposes (a) Findings Congress finds the following: (1) The nature of the parent-child relationship endows parents with the primary responsibility and obligation to care for their child. (2) From these responsibilities and obligations comes the pre-political, natural right of parents to care for their children. (3) The role of parents in the raising and rearing of their children is of inestimable value and deserving of both praise and protection by all levels of government. (4) This right as recognized in the traditions of western civilization recognizes that parents have the responsibility to love, nurture, raise, and protect their children. (5) The right encompasses the authority of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children according to the dictates of their conscience, to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children in their own beliefs and religion, and to be the primary decision maker for their child until the child reaches adulthood. (6) The Supreme Court has consistently recognized the primary role of parents in caring for children, concluding the following: (A) The child is not the mere creature of the state; those who nurture him and direct his destiny have the right, coupled with the high duty, to recognize and prepare him for additional obligations. Pierce v. Soc’y of the Sisters of the Holy Names of JesusMary, 268 U.S. 510, 535 (1925). (B) It is the natural duty of the parent to give his children education suitable to their station in life. Meyer v. Nebraska, 262 U.S. 390, 400 (1923). (C) It is plain that the interest of a parent in the companionship, care, custody, and management of his or her children comes to this Court with a momentum for respect lacking when appeal is made to liberties which derive merely from shifting economic arrangements. Stanley v. Illinois, 405 U.S. 645, 651 (1972). (D) The history and culture of Western civilization reflect a strong tradition of parental concern for the nurture and upbringing of their children. This primary role of the parents in the upbringing of their children is now established beyond debate as an enduring American tradition. Wisconsin v. Yoder, 406 U.S. 205, 232 (1972). (E) Our jurisprudence historically has reflected Western civilization concepts of the family as a unit with broad parental authority over minor children. Our cases have consistently followed that course. Parham v. J. R., 442 U.S. 584, 602 (1979). (F) We have recognized on numerous occasions that the relationship between parent and child is constitutionally protected. Quilloin v. Walcott, 434 U.S. 246, 255 (1978). (G) The Supreme Court has explained that the liberty specially protected by the Due Process Clause includes the right to direct the education and upbringing of one’s children. Washington v. Glucksberg, 521 U.S. 702, 720 (1997). (H) We have recognized the fundamental right of parents to make decisions concerning the care, custody, and control of their children . . . In light of this extensive precedent, it cannot now be doubted that the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment protects the fundamental right of parents to make decisions concerning the care, custody, and control of their children. Troxel v. Granville, 530 U.S. 57, 66 (2000) (plurality op.). (I) The Due Process Clause does not permit a State to infringe on the fundamental right of parents to make child rearing decisions simply because a state judge believes a better decision could be made. Troxel, 530 U.S. at 72–73 (plurality op.). (7) Some decisions of Federal courts have failed to recognize the fundamental right of parents, resulting in an improper standard of judicial review being applied to government conduct that adversely affects parental rights and prerogatives. (8) Government agencies have increasingly intruded into the legitimate decisions and prerogatives of parents in situations that do not involve abuse or neglect but simply an agency’s disagreement with parenting choices based on decent and honorable religious or philosophical premises. (9) Government’s involvement in parenting should prioritize the parent’s role as the child’s primary educator and should support, not supplant, the parent’s rights and responsibilities. (10) Government should not interfere in the decisions and actions of parents without compelling justification. (11) The strict scrutiny test used by courts to evaluate cases concerning fundamental rights is the correct standard of review for government actions that interfere with the right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children, and it appropriately balances the interests of parents, children, and government. (b) Purposes The purposes of this Act are— (1) to protect the right of parents to direct the upbringing of their children as a fundamental right; and (2) while protecting the right of parents, to acknowledge that the rights involve responsibilities and specifically that parents have the responsibility for the education, nurture, and upbringing of their children as specified by the Supreme Court in Meyer v. Nebraska, 262 U.S. 390, 400 (1923), Wisconsin v. Yoder, 406 U.S. 205, 232 (1972), and Washington v. Glucksberg, 521 U.S. 702, 720 (1997), and have the high duty to recognize and prepare their children for additional obligations as specified by the Supreme Court in Pierce v. Soc’y of the Sisters of the Holy Names of JesusMary, 268 U.S. 510, 535 (1925). 3. Definitions In this Act: (1) Government The term government includes a branch, department, agency, instrumentality, and official (or other person acting under color of law) of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and each territory and possession of the United States. (2) Parent The term parent means a biological parent of a child, an adoptive parent of a child, or an individual who has been granted exclusive right and authority over the welfare of a child under State law. (3) Child The term child means an individual who has not attained 18 years of age. (4) Substantial burden The term substantial burden — (A) means any action that directly or indirectly constrains, inhibits, curtails, or denies the right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their child or compels any action contrary to the right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their child; and (B) includes withholding benefits, assessing criminal, civil, or administrative penalties or damages, or exclusion from governmental programs. 4. Protection of parental rights (a) In general (1) Fundamental right The liberty of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children is a fundamental right. (2) Limits on government interference Government shall not substantially burden the fundamental right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children without demonstrating that the infringement is required by a compelling governmental interest of the highest order as applied to the parent and the child and is the least restrictive means of furthering that compelling governmental interest. The fundamental rights protected include, without limitation, the following rights and responsibilities: (A) To direct the education of the child. (B) To direct the moral or religious upbringing of the child. (C) To access and review all medical records of the child and to make and consent to all physical and mental health care decisions for the child. (3) Effect of this Act on other rights Unless legally waived or legally terminated, parents have inalienable rights that are more comprehensive than those listed in this section. This Act does not prescribe all rights of parents, nor does it preempt or foreclose claims or remedies in support of parental rights that are available under any other Federal law, State law, the United States Constitution, or a State constitution. (b) Exceptions This section does not apply to a parental action or decision that would result in serious physical injury to the child or that would end life. (c) Judicial remedy Any parent may raise a violation of this Act as a claim or a defense in an action in a Federal or State court or before an administrative tribunal and obtain appropriate relief against a government. Standing to assert a claim or defense under this section shall be governed by the general rules of standing under article III of the Constitution. 5. Attorneys fees (a) Judicial Proceedings Section 722(b) of the Revised Statutes ( 42 U.S.C. 1988(b) ) is amended by inserting the Families’ Rights and Responsibilities Act, before title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . (b) Administrative Proceedings Section 504(b)(1)(C) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 and inserting any adjudication under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 or the Families’ Rights and Responsibilities Act . 6. Applicability (a) In General This Act applies to each Federal law, and the implementation of any such law, whether statutory or otherwise, and whether adopted before or after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) Rule of construction (1) Additional rights The protections of the fundamental right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children afforded by this Act are in addition to the protections provided under Federal law, State law, and the State and Federal constitutions. (2) Broad protection This Act shall be construed in favor of a broad protection of the fundamental right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children. (3) No government burden Nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize any government to burden the fundamental right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children. (4) Subsequently enacted laws Federal statutory law adopted after the date of the enactment of this Act is subject to this Act, unless such law explicitly excludes such application by reference to this Act.

119 HR 653 IH: Protect Minors from Medical Malpractice Act of 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2025-01-23 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 653 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES January 23, 2025 Mr. Babin (for himself and Mr. McCormick ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce , and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary , Education and Workforce , Natural Resources , and Ways and Means , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To protect children from medical malpractice in the form of gender transition procedures. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protect Minors from Medical Malpractice Act of 2025 . 2. Private right of action for a gender-transition procedure performed on a minor (a) In general A medical practitioner, in any circumstance described in subsection (c), who performs a gender-transition procedure on an individual who is less than 18 years of age shall, as described in subsection (b), be liable to the individual if injured (including any physical, psychological, emotional, or physiological harms) by such procedure, related treatment, or the after effects of the procedure or treatment. (b) Private right of action An individual covered by subsection (a) who receives a gender-transition procedure from a medical practitioner (or a representative, including a legal guardian, on behalf of such individual) may, not later than the day that is 30 years after the date on which the individual turns 18 years of age, bring a civil action against such medical practitioner in a court of competent jurisdiction for— (1) declaratory or injunctive relief; (2) compensatory damages; (3) punitive damages; and (4) attorney’s fees and costs. (c) Circumstances For the purposes of subsection (a), the circumstances described in this subsection are that— (1) the medical practitioner or the individual receiving the gender-transition procedure traveled in interstate or foreign commerce, or traveled using a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (2) the medical practitioner used a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (3) any payment of any kind was made, directly or indirectly, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce; (4) the medical practitioner transmitted in interstate or foreign commerce any communication relating to or in furtherance of the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means or in any manner, including by computer, mail, wire, or electromagnetic transmission; (5) any instrument, item, substance, or other object that has traveled in interstate or foreign commerce was used to perform the conduct described in subsection (a); (6) the conduct described in subsection (a) occurred within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, or any territory or possession of the United States; or (7) the conduct described in subsection (a) otherwise occurred in or affected interstate or foreign commerce. 3. Preserving freedom of conscience and medical judgement for medical providers Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no provision of Federal law shall require, or be construed to require, a medical practitioner to perform a gender-transition procedure. 4. Prohibition on funding for certain states Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any State that requires medical practitioners to perform any gender-transition procedure on an individual in the State shall be ineligible to receive any Federal funding from the Department of Health and Human Services. 5. Definitions In this Act: (1) Biological sex The term biological sex means the genetic classification of an individual as male or female, as reflected in the organization of the body of such individual for a reproductive role or capacity, such as through sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, and internal and external genitalia present at birth, without regard to the subjective sense of identity of the individual. (2) Gender-transition procedure (A) In general Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term gender-transition procedure means— (i) the prescription or administration of puberty-blocking drugs for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex; (ii) the prescription or administration of cross-sex hormones for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex; or (iii) a surgery to change the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex. (B) Exception The term gender-transition procedure does not include— (i) an intervention described in subparagraph (A) that is performed on— (I) an individual with biological sex characteristics that are inherently ambiguous, such as those born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or having both ovarian and testicular tissue; or (II) an individual with respect to whom a physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action, for a biological male or biological female; (ii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused or exacerbated by the performance of an intervention described in subparagraph (A) without regard to whether the intervention was performed in accordance with State or Federal law or whether the intervention is covered by the private right of action under section 2; or (iii) any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless the procedure is performed. (3) Medical practitioner The term medical practitioner means a person who is licensed, certified, or otherwise authorized by the laws of a State to administer health care in the ordinary course of the practice of the person’s profession. 6. Effective date This Act shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act.

119 HR 742 IH: Protecting Resources Of Taxpayers to Eliminate Childhood Transgender Surgeries Act of 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2025-01-28 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 742 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES January 28, 2025 Mr. McCormick (for himself, Mr. Clyde , Mrs. Luna , Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida , Ms. Van Duyne , Mr. Fallon , Mr. Collins , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Harris of Maryland , Mr. Grothman , Mr. Guest , Mr. Zinke , Mr. Babin , Mr. Moore of West Virginia , Mr. Ellzey , Mr. Norman , Mr. Webster of Florida , Mr. Arrington , Mr. Wied , Mr. Rose , Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia , Mr. Hamadeh of Arizona , Mr. Baird , Mr. Owens , Mr. Gooden , Mr. Jackson of Texas , Mr. Finstad , Mr. McGuire , Mr. Johnson of South Dakota , Mr. Ogles , and Mr. Gosar ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce A BILL To prohibit Federal funds from being used to provide certain gender transition procedures to minors. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protecting Resources Of Taxpayers to Eliminate Childhood Transgender Surgeries Act of 2025 or the PROTECTS Act of 2025 . 2. Prohibiting Federal funds from being used to provide certain gender transition procedures to minors (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funds may be used or otherwise made available to provide or refer for a specified gender transition procedure to an individual under the age of 18 or to reimburse any entity for providing such a procedure to such an individual. (b) Specified gender transition procedure defined (1) In general For purposes of this paragraph, except as provided in paragraph (2), the term specified gender transition procedure means, with respect to an individual, any of the following when performed for the purpose of intentionally changing the body of such individual to no longer correspond to their sex: (A) Performing any surgery, including— (i) castration; (ii) orchiectomy; (iii) scrotoplasty; (iv) vasectomy; (v) hysterectomy; (vi) oophorectomy; (vii) ovariectomy; (viii) metoidioplasty; (ix) penectomy; (x) phalloplasty; (xi) vaginoplasty; (xii) vaginectomy; (xiii) vulvoplasty; (xiv) reduction thyrochondroplasty; (xv) chondrolaryngoplasty; (xvi) mastectomy; and (xvii) any plastic, cosmetic, or aesthetic surgery that feminizes or masculinizes the facial or other body features of an individual. (B) Any placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts. (C) Any placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region. (D) Administering, supplying, prescribing, dispensing, distributing, or otherwise conveying to an individual medications, including— (i) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normal puberty; and (ii) testosterone, estrogen, or other androgens to an individual at doses that are supraphysiologic than would normally be produced endogenously in a healthy individual of the same age and sex. (2) Exception Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the following when furnished to an individual by a health care provider with the consent of such individual’s parent or legal guardian: (A) Puberty suppression or blocking prescription drugs for the purpose of normalizing puberty for an individual experiencing precocious puberty. (B) Appropriate and medically necessary procedures or treatments to correct for— (i) a medically verifiable genetic disorder of sex development, including— (I) 46,XX chromosomes with virilization; (II) 46,XY chromosomes with undervirilization; and (III) both ovarian and testicular tissue; (ii) sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex hormone action, if determined to be abnormal by a physician through genetic or biochemical testing; or (iii) infection, disease, injury, or disorder caused or exacerbated by a previous procedure described in paragraph (1), or a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of a major bodily function unless the procedure is performed, not including procedures performed for the alleviation of mental distress. (3) Certain terms For purposes of this section: (A) Sex The term sex , when referring to individual’s sex, shall be understood to refer to either male or female, as biologically determined. (B) Female The term female , when referring to a natural person, means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (C) Male The term male , when referring to a natural person, means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization.

119 HR 800 IH: DEI to DIE Act U.S. House of Representatives 2025-01-28 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 800 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES January 28, 2025 Mr. Mills introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform A BILL To enact into law the executive order relating to ending diversity, equity, and inclusion programs in the Federal Government, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the DEI to DIE Act . 2. Elimination of diversity, equity, and inclusion in Federal Government (a) Findings Congress finds the following: (1) The Biden Administration forced illegal and immoral discrimination programs, going by the name diversity, equity, and inclusion (in this Act referred to as DEI ), into virtually all aspects of the Federal Government, in areas ranging from airline safety to the military. (2) This was a concerted effort stemming from President Biden’s first day in office, when he issued Executive Order 13985, Advancing Racial Equity and Support for Underserved Communities Through the Federal Government . (3) Pursuant to Executive Order 13985 and follow-on orders, nearly every Federal agency and entity submitted Equity Action Plans to detail the ways that they have furthered DEIs infiltration of the Federal Government. (4) The public release of these plans demonstrated immense public waste and shameful discrimination. (5) That ends today. Americans deserve a Government committed to serving every person with equal dignity and respect, and to expending precious taxpayer resources only on making America great. (b) Elimination (1) In general The Director of the Office of Management and Budget (in this Act referred to as OMB ), assisted by the Attorney General and the Director of the Office of Personnel Management (in this Act referred to as OPM ), shall coordinate the termination of all discriminatory programs, including illegal diversity, equity, and inclusion (in this Act referred to as DEI ) and diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility (in this Act referred to as DEIA ) mandates, policies, programs, preferences, and activities in the Federal Government, under whatever name they appear. (2) Application To carry out paragraph (1), the Director of OPM, with the assistance of the Attorney General as requested, shall review and revise, as appropriate, all existing Federal employment practices, union contracts, and training policies or programs to comply with this Act. Federal employment practices, including Federal employee performance reviews, shall reward individual initiative, skills, performance, and hard work and shall not under any circumstances consider DEI or DEIA factors, goals, policies, mandates, or requirements. (c) Required actions Each agency, department, or commission head, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Director of OMB, and the Director of OPM, as appropriate, shall take the following actions not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act: (1) Terminate, to the maximum extent allowed by law, all DEI, DEIA, and environmental justice offices and positions (including Chief Diversity Officer positions); all equity action plans , equity actions, initiatives, or programs, equity-related grants or contracts; and all DEI or DEIA performance requirements for employees, contractors, or grantees. (2) Provide the Director of the OMB with a list of all— (A) agency or department DEI, DEIA, or environmental justice positions, committees, programs, services, activities, budgets, and expenditures in existence on November 4, 2024, and an assessment of whether these positions, committees, programs, services, activities, budgets, and expenditures have been misleadingly relabeled in an attempt to preserve their pre-November 4, 2024 function; (B) Federal contractors who have provided DEI training or DEI training materials to agency or department employees; and (C) Federal grantees who received Federal funding to provide or advance DEI, DEIA, or environmental justice programs, services, or activities since January 20, 2021. (3) Direct the deputy agency or department head to— (A) assess the operational impact (including the number of new DEI hires) and cost of the prior administration’s DEI, DEIA, and environmental justice programs and policies; and (B) recommend actions, such as congressional notifications under section 530D of title 28, United States Code, to align agency or department programs, activities, policies, regulations, guidance, employment practices, enforcement activities, contracts (including set-asides), grants, consent orders, and litigating positions with the policy of equal dignity and respect identified in subsection (a) of this Act. The agency or department head and the Director of OMB shall jointly ensure that the deputy agency or department head has the authority and resources needed to carry out this Act. (d) Meetings To inform and advise the President, so that he may formulate appropriate and effective civil-rights policies for the Executive Branch, the Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy shall convene a monthly meeting attended by the Director of OMB, the Director of OPM, and each deputy agency or department head to— (1) hear reports on the prevalence and the economic and social costs of DEI, DEIA, and environmental justice in agency or department programs, activities, policies, regulations, guidance, employment practices, enforcement activities, contracts (including set-asides), grants, consent orders, and litigating positions; (2) discuss any barriers to measures to comply with this Act; and (3) monitor and track agency and department progress and identify potential areas for additional Presidential or legislative action to advance the policy of equal dignity and respect. (e) Severability If any provision of this Act, or the application of any provision to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid, the remainder of this Act and the application of its provisions to any other persons or circumstances shall not be affected.

119 HR 925 IH: Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 U.S. House of Representatives 2025-02-04 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. I 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 925 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 4, 2025 Mr. Cloud (for himself, Ms. Tenney , Ms. Hageman , Mr. Moolenaar , Mr. Fitzgerald , Mr. Nehls , Mr. Finstad , Mr. Owens , Mr. Ellzey , Mr. Fleischmann , Mr. Bilirakis , Mr. Hudson , Mr. Gosar , Mr. Moore of Alabama , Mr. Collins , Mr. Strong , Mr. Timmons , Mr. Williams of Texas , Mr. Higgins of Louisiana , Mr. Ogles , Mr. Roy , Mr. Clyde , Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida , Mrs. Harshbarger , Mrs. Luna , Mr. Norman , Mr. Guest , Mrs. Hinson , Ms. Lee of Florida , Mr. Rose , Mr. Harris of North Carolina , Mr. Fry , Mr. Gill of Texas , Mr. Sessions , Mr. Stutzman , Mr. McGuire , Mr. Crenshaw , Mr. Palmer , Mr. Brecheen , Mr. Zinke , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Burlison , Ms. Boebert , Mr. Webster of Florida , Mr. Crank , Mr. Kennedy of Utah , Mr. DesJarlais , Mr. Aderholt , and Mr. Flood ) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary , Education and Workforce , Armed Services , Foreign Affairs , Financial Services , Energy and Commerce , Transportation and Infrastructure , and Intelligence (Permanent Select) , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned A BILL To ensure equal protection of the law, to prevent racism in the Federal Government, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 . 2. Table of contents The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. Prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice defined. TITLE I—Federal Offices and Personnel Sec. 101. Executive orders and memoranda rescinded. Sec. 102. Office of Personnel Management. Sec. 103. Office of Management and Budget. Sec. 104. Prohibited use of funds. Sec. 105. DEI offices closed. Sec. 106. Prohibited personnel practices. TITLE II—Federal Training Sec. 201. Government-wide training. Sec. 202. Use of funds. TITLE III—Federal Contracting Sec. 301. Required contract terms. Sec. 302. Prohibition on discrimination. Sec. 303. Prohibited use of funds. TITLE IV—Federal Grants and Cooperative Agreements Sec. 401. Required grant agreement terms. Sec. 402. Required cooperative agreement terms. TITLE V—Federal Advisory Committees Sec. 501. Prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practices. Sec. 502. Administrator responsibilities. Sec. 503. Agency head responsibilities. TITLE VI—Education Sec. 601. Standards for accreditation of accrediting agencies and associations. Sec. 602. Prohibited use of funds by the Secretary of Education. TITLE VII—Other Matters Sec. 701. Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Federal Home Loan Banks, and Federal Housing Finance Agency. Sec. 702. Capital markets regulation; corporate boards; self-regulatory organizations. Sec. 703. Health and Human Services. Sec. 704. Repeal of diversity, equity, and inclusion programs of Department of Defense. Sec. 705. Department of Homeland Security and Coast Guard. Sec. 706. Director of National Intelligence. TITLE VIII—Enforcement; severability Sec. 801. Enforcement; private cause of action. Sec. 802. Severability. 3. Prohibited diversity, equity or inclusion practice defined The Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000a et seq. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: XII Prohibited diversity, equity or inclusion practice defined 1201. Prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice For purposes of references to this section, the term prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice means— (1) discriminating for or against any person on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin; (2) requiring as a condition of employment, as a condition for promotion or advancement, or as a condition for speaking, making a presentation, or submitting written materials, that an employee undergo training, education, or coursework, or other pedagogy, that asserts that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; or (3) requiring as a condition of employment, as a condition for promotion or advancement, or as a condition for speaking, making a presentation, or submitting written materials, the signing of or assent to a statement, code of conduct, work program, or plan, or similar device that requires assent by the employee that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged. . I Federal Offices and Personnel 101. Executive orders and memoranda rescinded (a) Rescinded Executive Orders and memoranda (1) In general With respect to an Executive order or memoranda described in paragraph (2), the Executive order or memoranda— (A) shall not have any legal effect; and (B) is revoked in its entirety. (2) Executive orders and memoranda described The Executive orders and memoranda described in this paragraph are the following: (A) Executive Order 13985 ( 5 U.S.C. 601 note; relating to advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government). (B) Executive Order 13988 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e note; relating to preventing and combating discrimination on the basis of gender identity or sexual orientation). (C) Executive Order 14020, ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e note; relating to the establishment of the White House Gender Policy Council). (D) Executive Order 14031 ( 42 U.S.C. 3501 note; relating to advancing equity, justice, and opportunity for Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders). (E) Executive Order 14035 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e note; relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility in the Federal workforce). (F) Executive Order 14091 ( 5 U.S.C. 601 note; relating to further advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government). (G) The National Security Memorandum on Revitalizing America’s Foreign Policy and National Security Workforce, Institutions, and Partnerships (NSM–03) , dated February 4, 2021. (H) The National Security Memorandum on Advancing the Human Rights of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, and Intersex Persons Around the World (NSM–04) , dated February 4, 2021. (b) Carrying out rescinded executive orders and memoranda The head of an executive agency, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, may not carry out an Executive order or memorandum described in subsection (a)(2). (c) Programs and office (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of a Federal agency under which any program or office carries out an Executive order or memorandum described in subsection (a)(2) between the date of enactment of this Act and 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act shall close, terminate, and wind up the program or office. (2) No reassignment The head of a Federal agency that closes, terminates, and winds up a program or office under paragraph (1)— (A) shall undertake an appropriate reduction in force; and (B) may not transfer, reassign, or redesignate any employee or contractor with a position or function that is eliminated by operation of this subsection. 102. Office of Personnel Management (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall— (1) revise all regulations, policies, procedures, manuals, circulars, courses, training, and guidance of the Office such that all such material is in compliance with and consistent with this Act and the amendments made by this Act; (2) revise so as to effectively rescind all regulations, policies, procedures, manuals, circulars, courses, training, and guidance of the Office that were promulgated, adopted, or implemented to comply with the Executive orders and memoranda described in section 101(a)(2); (3) terminate, close, and wind up the Office of Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility of the Office of Personnel Management (referred to in this paragraph as ODEIA ) and undertake an appropriate reduction in force with respect to, and not transfer, reassign, or redesignate any, employees or contractors of ODEIA, the positions or functions of whom are eliminated by operation of this Act or the amendments made by this Act; and (4) terminate, close, and wind up the Chief Diversity Officers Executive Council and undertake an appropriate reduction in force with respect to, and not transfer, reassign, or redesignate any, employees or contractors of that Council, the positions or functions of whom are eliminated by operation of this Act or the amendments made by this Act. (b) Chief Diversity Officers Executive Council charter Effective on the date of enactment of this Act, the charter of the Chief Diversity Officers Executive Council is revoked. (c) Prohibition on racism in Government Section 1104 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (d) (1) In this subsection, the term prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice has the meaning given the term in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. (2) Racist behavior and racist training in the Government are prohibited, including any of the following: (A) Discriminating for or against any person on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin. (B) Training, education, coursework, or use of other pedagogy, that asserts that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged. (C) Maintaining an office, bureau, division, or other organization to further promote or enforce a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice. (D) Retaining or employing a consultant or advisor to further promote or enforce a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice. (E) Maintaining a rule, a regulation, a policy, guidance, a guideline, management control, a practice, a requirement, training, education, coursework, or a similar device to further promote or enforce a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice. (F) Requiring as a condition of employment, as a condition for promotion or advancement, or as a condition for speaking, making a presentation, or submitting written materials, the signing of or assent to a statement, code of conduct, work program, or plan, or similar device that requires assent by the employee that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged. (3) The Office shall establish standards that shall— (A) apply to the activities of the Office or any other agency under authority delegated under subsection (a); (B) prohibit racist behavior and racist training in the Government, as described in paragraph (2) of this subsection; (C) ensure compliance with this subsection; (D) ensure compliance with section 717 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e–16 ); and (E) be in accordance with the merit system principles under section 2301. (4) The Office shall establish and maintain an oversight program to ensure that activities under any authority delegated under subsection (a)— (A) prohibit racist behavior and racist training in the Government, as described in paragraph (2) of this subsection; (B) ensure compliance with this subsection; (C) ensure compliance with section 717 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e–16 ); and (D) are in accordance with the merit system principles under section 2301. . 103. Office of Management and Budget Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall— (1) revise all regulations, policies, procedures, manuals, circulars, courses, training, and guidance of the Office of Management and Budget to ensure those regulations, policies, procedures, manuals, circulars, courses, training, and guidance are in compliance and consistent with this Act and the amendments made by this Act; (2) rescind all regulations, policies, procedures, manuals, circulars, courses, training, and guidance of the Office of Management and Budget that were promulgated, adopted, or implemented to comply with the Executive orders and memoranda described in section 101(a)(2); and (3) rescind the version of Circular A–4 of the Office of Management and Budget adopted on November 9, 2023. 104. Prohibited use of funds (a) Agency defined In this chapter, the term agency has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44. (b) Stopping racism in the Federal Government (1) In general No Federal funds appropriated or otherwise made available by law shall be used for the purpose of maintaining in any agency an— (A) office relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; or (B) a substantially similar office. (2) Prohibition No Federal funds appropriated or otherwise made available by law shall be used for the purposes of— (A) maintaining in any agency the Chief Diversity Officers Executive Council or a substantially similar council; (B) maintaining or employing in any agency a chief diversity officer or a substantially similar officer; (C) subject to paragraph (3), developing, implementing, distributing, or publishing in any agency— (i) plans, strategic plans, reports, or surveys relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility; (ii) action plans, reports, or surveys relating to equity or substantially similar plans, reports, or surveys; (D) developing, implementing, or maintaining in any agency an employee resource group or an affinity group based on race, color, ethnicity, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, or gender identity; (E) developing, implementing, or maintaining in any agency an agency equity team or a substantially similar team; (F) maintaining the White House Environmental Justice Interagency Council or a substantially similar Council; (G) maintaining the Equitable Data Working Group or substantially similar group; (H) developing, implementing, distributing, publishing, establishing, or purchasing in any agency— (i) a training course relating to— (I) diversity; (II) equity; (III) inclusion; (IV) a critical theory relating to race, gender, or otherwise; or (V) intersectionality; or (ii) a training course substantiality similar to a training course described in clause (i); (I) developing, implementing, or maintaining in any agency a diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility data dashboard or a substantially similar data dashboard; (J) maintaining within the Office of Personnel Management a council relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; or (K) maintaining or employing in any agency a position relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility. (3) Exception The prohibition under paragraph (2)(C) shall not apply to a plan, report, or survey required by law. (4) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent the maintenance and funding of— (A) Equal Employment Opportunity offices as historically organized and operated; or (B) an office enforcing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. ) or similar programs or offices as historically organized and operated. 105. DEI offices closed (a) In general Not later than 90 days after date of enactment of this Act, the head of any Federal agency that has an office relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility— (1) shall— (A) terminate, close, and wind up that office; and (B) undertake an appropriate reduction in force; and (2) may not transfer, reassign, or redesignate any employee or contractor with a position or function that is eliminated by operation of this subsection. (b) Application Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent the maintenance and funding of— (1) Equal Employment Opportunity offices as historically organized and operated; or (2) an office enforcing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. ) or similar programs or offices as historically organized and operated. 106. Prohibited personnel practices (a) In general Section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (13)(B), by striking or at the end; (2) in paragraph (14), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or and (3) by inserting after paragraph (14) the following: (15) take or fail to take, or threaten to take or fail to take, any personnel action against any employee or applicant for employment because of the failure of the employee or applicant to— (A) complete training with respect to diversity, equity, or inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; (B) complete training that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; (C) sign or assent to (which may be by executing or acknowledging) a statement, code of conduct, work program, plan, or similar device with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; (D) sign or assent to (which may be by executing or acknowledging) a statement, code of conduct, work program, plan, or similar device that asserts or requires assent by the employee or applicant that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; (E) take any other action that would require the treatment of any individual advantageously or disadvantageously on the basis of that individual’s race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin; or (F) limit, segregate, or classify employees or applicants for employment in any way that would deprive or tend to deprive any individual of an employment opportunity, or otherwise adversely affect the status of the individual as an employee, because of the race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin of the individual. . (b) Performance appraisal systems Section 4302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (e) A performance appraisal system may not adversely evaluate an employee for the failure of the employee to— (1) complete training with respect to diversity, equity, or inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; (2) complete training that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; (3) sign or assent to (which may be by executing or acknowledging) a statement, code of conduct, work program, plan, or similar device with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; (4) sign or assent to (which may be by executing or acknowledging) a statement, code of conduct, work program, plan, or similar device that asserts or requires assent by the employee that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; (5) take any other action that would require the treatment of any individual advantageously or disadvantageously on the basis of that individual’s race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin; or (6) limit, segregate, or classify employees or applicants for employment in any way that would deprive or tend to deprive any individual of an employment opportunity, or otherwise adversely affect the status of the individual as an employee, because of the race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin of the individual. . (c) SES performance appraisal systems Section 4312 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (e) A performance appraisal system may not adversely evaluate a senior executive for the failure of the senior executive to— (1) complete training with respect to diversity, equity, or inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; (2) complete training that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; (3) sign or assent to (which may be by executing or acknowledging) a statement, code of conduct, work program, plan, or similar device with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; (4) sign or assent to (which may be by executing or acknowledging) a statement, code of conduct, work program, plan, or similar device that asserts or requires assent by the senior executive that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; (5) take any other action that would require the treatment of any individual advantageously or disadvantageously on the basis of that individual’s race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin; or (6) limit, segregate, or classify employees or applicants for employment in any way that would deprive or tend to deprive any individual of an employment opportunity, or otherwise adversely affect the status of the individual as an employee, because of the race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin of the individual. . II Federal Training 201. Government-wide training (a) In general Section 4103 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (d) No training program or plan may be developed, implemented, distributed, published, established, or purchased under this section— (1) with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; or (2) that asserts or requires the trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged. (e) No employee may be required to complete training under a program or plan established under this section— (1) with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; or (2) that asserts or requires the trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged. . (b) Regulations Section 4118 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by striking This section and inserting Except as provided in subsection (d), this section ; and (2) by adding at the end the following: (d) The Office shall, in the regulations prescribed under this section, provide that no training program or plan may be developed, implemented, distributed, published, established, or purchased— (1) with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; or (2) that asserts or requires the trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged. . 202. Use of funds No funds appropriated or otherwise made available by law shall be used for the purpose of developing, implementing, distributing, publishing or purchasing in any Federal agency a training course— (1) relating to— (A) diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility; (B) a critical theory relating to race, gender, or otherwise; or (C) intersectionality, sexual orientation, or gender identity; or (2) that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior, inferior, oppressive, oppressed, privileged, or unprivileged. III Federal Contracting 301. Required contract terms (a) Contracts exceeding $10,000 Section 6502 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (5) Prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice No part of the contract will be performed, and no materials, supplies, articles, or equipment will be manufactured or fabricated under the contract, in plants, factories, buildings, or surroundings, under working conditions or in a working environment, provided by or under the control or supervision of a contractor or any subcontractor who is subject to, or required to comply with, a prohibited diversity, equity or inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964). . (b) Contracts in other amounts Section 6703 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (6) Prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice The contract and bid specification shall contain a provision specifying that no part of the services covered by this chapter may be performed in buildings or surroundings, under working conditions or in a working environment, provided by or under the control or supervision of a contractor or any subcontractor who is subject to, or required to comply with, a prohibited diversity, equity or inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964). . 302. Prohibition on discrimination (a) In general Section 122 of title 40, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 122. Prohibition on discrimination (a) Prohibition (1) Discrimination prohibited With respect to a program or activity carried out or receiving Federal assistance under this subtitle, an individual may not be, based on race, color, biological sex, ethnicity, religion, or national origin— (A) excluded from participation; (B) denied benefits; or (C) otherwise discriminated against. (2) Prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practices With respect to a program or activity carried out or receiving Federal assistance under this subtitle, an individual may not be subject to or required to comply with a prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964). (b) Enforcement (1) In general The heads of Federal agencies shall enforce subsection (a) through rules, regulations, policies, and other executive actions of the agency that are similar to rules, regulations, policies, and other executive actions established with respect to racial and other discrimination under title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq. ). (2) Rule of construction Any enforcement under paragraph (1) shall not be construed to bar an individual from pursuing any other legal remedy available to the individual as a result of an action constituting a violation of subsection (a). . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 122 and inserting the following: 122. Prohibition on discrimination. . 303. Prohibited use of funds (a) Prohibition No funds appropriated or otherwise made available by Federal law may be used by a Federal contractor for purpose of— (1) maintaining an office relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility or a substantially similar office; (2) maintaining or employing a chief diversity officer or a substantially similar officer; (3) developing, implementing, distributing, publishing or purchasing— (A) a training course relating to— (i) diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; (ii) a critical theory relating to race, gender, or otherwise; (iii) intersectionality; or (iv) sexual orientation or gender identity; or (B) a training course that is substantially similar to a training course described in subparagraph (A); or (C) a training course that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior, inferior, oppressive, oppressed, privileged, or unprivileged. (b) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent— (1) the maintenance and funding of an Equal Employment Opportunity office, as historically organized and operated; (2) an office enforcing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. ) or similar programs or offices as historically organized and operated; or (3) a Federal contractor from using non-Federal funds as the Federal contractor so determines. IV Federal Grants and Cooperative Agreements 401. Required grant agreement terms (a) In general Chapter 63 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 6310. Grants and grant agreements (a) Grant Agreement Required Terms The head of an executive agency may not provide a grant to any recipient unless the head of the agency and the recipient enter into a grant agreement that contains a provision specifying that no funds appropriated or otherwise made available by Federal law shall be used by the grant recipient for purpose of— (1) maintaining an office relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; (2) maintaining or employing a chief diversity officer or a substantially similar officer; (3) developing, implementing, distributing, publishing, or purchasing— (A) a training course relating to— (i) diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; (ii) a critical theory relating to race, gender, or otherwise; (iii) intersectionality; or (iv) sexual orientation or gender identity; (B) a training course substantially similar to the training courses described in subparagraph (A); or (C) a training course that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, religion, ethnicity, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior, inferior, oppressive, oppressed, privileged or unprivileged; or (4) engaging in a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964). (b) Equal Employment Opportunity Offices Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent— (1) the maintenance and funding of an Equal Employment Opportunity office, as historically organized and operated; (2) an office enforcing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. ) or similar programs or offices as historically organized and operated; or (3) a recipient of a grant from an executive agency from using non-Federal funds as the recipient so determines. (c) Application to HBCUs Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent the maintenance and funding of Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs). . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for chapter 63 of title 31, United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following: 6310. Grants and grant agreements. . 402. Required cooperative agreement terms (a) In general Chapter 63 of title 31, United States Code, as amended by section 401(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 6311. Cooperative agreements (a) Cooperative Agreement Required Terms The head of an executive agency may not enter into a cooperative agreement with a party unless the cooperative agreement contains a provision specifying that no funds appropriated or otherwise made available by Federal law shall be used by any party to the cooperative agreement for purpose of— (1) maintaining an office relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; (2) maintaining or employing a chief diversity officer or a substantially similar officer; (3) developing, implementing, distributing, publishing, or purchasing— (A) a training course relating to— (i) diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; (ii) a critical theory relating to race, gender, or otherwise; (iii) intersectionality; or (iv) sexual orientation or gender identity; (B) a training course substantially similar to the training courses described in subparagraph (A); or (C) a training course that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, religion, ethnicity, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior, inferior, oppressive, oppressed, privileged or unprivileged; or (4) engaging in a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.). (b) Equal Employment Opportunity Offices Nothing in this section shall be construed to— (1) prevent the maintenance and funding of an Equal Employment Opportunity office, as historically organized and operated; (2) an office enforcing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. ) or similar programs or offices as historically organized and operated; or (3) prevent a party to a cooperative agreement with an executive agency from using non-Federal funds as the party so determines. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for chapter 63 of title 31, United States Code, as amended by section 401(b), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 6311. Cooperative agreements. . V Federal Advisory Committees 501. Prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practices (a) In general Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Federal Advisory Committee Act ), is amended by adding at the end the following: 1015. Diversity, equity, and inclusion practices (a) Prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practice defined In this section, the term prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice has the meaning that term has in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. (b) Prohibition The following may not authorize, permit, or implement a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice with respect to any advisory committee established by the head of an agency: (1) The Administrator. (2) The agency head. (3) The chair of the advisory committee. (4) The advisory committee. (c) Termination of committee (1) Finding by Administrator With respect to an advisory committee, if the Administrator finds that the applicable agency head, chair of the advisory committee, or the advisory committee authorized, permitted, or implemented a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice, then the advisory committee shall terminate not later than 30 days after the Administrator makes such finding. (2) Finding by Inspector General With respect to an advisory committee, if the Inspector General for the agency that established the advisory committee finds that the applicable agency head, chair of the advisory committee, or the advisory committee authorized, permitted, or implemented a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice, then the advisory committee shall terminate not later than 30 days after the Inspector General makes such finding. (d) Action (1) In general Any person may bring an action in any United States district court seeking a determination that the Administrator, any agency head, any chair of an advisory committee, or any advisory committee authorized, permitted, or implemented a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice with respect to an advisory committee. (2) Order directing termination of advisory committee If after an evidentiary hearing, a court determines that the defendant authorized, permitted, or implemented a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice, the court shall issue an order directing the Administrator to immediately terminate that advisory committee. (3) Additional awards In an action brought under this subsection in which the plaintiff prevails, the court may award— (A) a Writ of Mandamus or other equitable or declaratory relief; (B) a minimum of $1,000 per violation per day; (C) reasonable attorney’s fees and litigation costs; (D) compensatory damages; and (E) all other appropriate relief. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1014 the following: 1015. Diversity, equity, and inclusion practices. . 502. Administrator responsibilities (a) Compliance Subsection (b)(1) of section 1006 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking the word or at the end; (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (E) whether the committee is in compliance with the Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 . . (b) Guidelines and management controls Section 1006 of title 5, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: (f) Guidelines and management controls related to the End Racism in Federal Advisory Committees Act The Administrator shall— (1) prescribe administrative guidelines and management controls applicable to advisory committees to enforce the requirements of the Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 ; and (2) ensure that the Committee Management Secretariat complies with and enforces the requirements of the Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 . . (c) Revised rules, regulations and guidance Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall ensure that all rules, regulations, policies, guidance, guidelines, management controls, governing documents, practices, requirements, training, education, coursework, or similar devices are revised to the extent that they are inconsistent with this Act. 503. Agency head responsibilities (a) Agency head responsibilities Subsection (a) of section 1007 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: Each agency head shall establish uniform administrative guidelines and management controls to ensure compliance with the Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 . . (b) Compliance Subsection (b) of section 1007 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking and at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (4) ensure compliance with the Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 . . VI Education 601. Standards for accreditation of accrediting agencies and associations Section 496(c) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1099b(c) ) is amended— (1) in paragraph (8), by striking and at the end; (2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (10) confirms that the standards for accreditation of the agency or association do not— (A) require, encourage, or coerce any institution of higher education to engage in prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practices (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964); (B) assess the commitment of an institution of higher education to any ideology, belief, or viewpoint; (C) prohibit or discourage an institution of higher education from engaging in activity protected by the Constitution, including having a religious mission, operating as a religious institution, or being controlled by or associated with a religious organization; or (D) discriminate against an institution of higher education for engaging in religious speech, religious practice, or religious exercise. . 602. Prohibited use of funds by the Secretary of Education Section 8527 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7907 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (e) Prohibition; Rules of Construction (1) Prohibition None of the funds provided to the Secretary of Education under this Act may be used by the Secretary, including through a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, to— (A) maintain an Office of Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility, an Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, an Office of Diversity and Inclusion, a Diversity Office or a substantially similar office; (B) maintain or employ a Chief Diversity Officer or substantially similar officer; (C) develop, implement, distribute, publish, or purchase a training course or substantially similar course relating to any of the following— (i) diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility (DEIA); (ii) diversity, equity, and inclusion; (iii) diversity and inclusion; (iv) diversity; (v) critical theory (race, gender, or otherwise); (vi) intersectionality; or (vii) sexual orientation or gender identity; or (D) develop, implement, distribute, publish, or purchase a training course or substantially similar course that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior, inferior, oppressive or oppressed, privileged or unprivileged. (2) Rules of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed to— (A) prohibit the maintenance and funding of Equal Employment Opportunity offices or officers, as historically organized and operated; (B) prohibit the maintenance and funding of offices enforcing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 or similar programs or offices, as historically organized and operated; or (C) impact the use of non-Federal funds by a contractor of the Department of Education or by a grant recipient of funds from the Secretary of Education. . VII Other Matters 701. Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Federal Home Loan Banks, and Federal Housing Finance Agency Section 1319A of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 ( 12 U.S.C. 4520 ) is repealed. 702. Capital markets regulation; corporate boards; self-regulatory organizations (a) Repeal of Offices of Minority and Women Inclusion (1) In general Section 342 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( 12 U.S.C. 5452 ) is hereby repealed. (2) Technical and conforming amendments (A) Section 1016(c) of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 ( 12 U.S.C. 5496(c) ) is amended— (i) in paragraph (7), by adding and at the end; (ii) in paragraph (8), by striking ; and and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking paragraph (9). (B) The table of contents for the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 342. (b) Boards of public companies subject to civil rights act Section 701 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e ) is amended by adding at the end of subsection (f) the following: The term employee includes any person who serves on a board of directors of an issuer that has a registration statement in effect as to a security under the Securities Act of 1933 and is compensated by the issuer. . (c) Prohibition on racism The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ( 15 U.S.C. 6701 et seq. ) is amended by inserting after section 503 ( 15 U.S.C. 6803 ) the following: 503A. Prohibited diversity, equity and inclusion practices No Federal functional regulator shall engage in a prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964) or require (whether by regulation, enforcement action, guidance, examination or otherwise) that any person regulated by the Federal functional regulator engage in a prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practice. . (d) National securities associations Section 15A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 15 U.S.C. 78o–3 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (o) Prohibited diversity, equity and inclusion practices No national securities association shall engage in a prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964) or require (whether by rule, enforcement action, guidance, examination, or otherwise) that any member of the national securities association engage in a prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practice. . (e) Community Development Advisory Board member requirements Section 104(d)(2)(G) of the Community Development Banking and Financial Institutions Act of 1994 ( 12 U.S.C. 4703(d)(2)(G) ) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking and racial, ethnic, and gender diversity . 703. Health and Human Services Section 821 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 296m ) is repealed. 704. Repeal of diversity, equity, and inclusion programs of Department of Defense (a) Repeal of reporting requirements on diversity and inclusion Section 113 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; (2) in subsection (g)(1)(B)— (A) by striking clause (vii); and (B) by redesignating clauses (viii), (ix), and (x) as clauses (vii), (viii), and (ix), respectively; and (3) by striking subsections (l) and (m) and by redesignating subsections (n) and (o) as subsections (l) and (m), respectively. (b) Repeal of Chief Diversity Officer (1) In general Section 147 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 4 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 147. (c) Repeal of program on diversity in military leadership (1) In general Section 656 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 37 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 656. 705. Department of Homeland Security and Coast Guard (a) In general Paragraph (3) of section 845(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 415(c) ) is repealed. (b) Coast Guard Section 1903(d)(2) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking , including diversity, inclusion, and issues regarding women specifically . 706. Director of National Intelligence Section 5704 of the Damon Paul Nelson and Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018, 2019, and 2020 ( 50 U.S.C. 3334b ) is repealed. VIII Enforcement; severability 801. Enforcement; private cause of action (a) Enforcement Any person alleging a violation of this Act may bring a civil action in any United States District Court. (b) Relief In a civil action brought under subsection (a) in which the plaintiff prevails, the court may award— (1) a Writ of Mandamus or other equitable or declaratory relief; (2) a minimum of $1,000 per violation per day; (3) reasonable attorney’s fees and litigation costs; (4) compensatory damages; and (5) all other appropriate relief. 802. Severability If any provision of this Act, an amendment made by this Act, or the application of such provision or amendment to any person or circumstance is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder of this Act, the amendments made by this Act, and the application of such provision or amendment to any person or circumstance shall not be affected thereby.

119 HRES 157 IH: Impeaching John Deacon Bates, a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, for high crimes and misdemeanors. U.S. House of Representatives 2025-02-24 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 157 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 24, 2025 Mr. Ogles submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary RESOLUTION Impeaching John Deacon Bates, a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, for high crimes and misdemeanors. That John Deacon Bates, a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, is impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors, and that the following article of impeachment be exhibited to the Senate: Article of impeachment exhibited by the House of Representatives of the United States of America in the name of itself and of the people of the United States of America, against John Deacon Bates, a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, in maintenance and support of its impeachment against him for high crimes and misdemeanors. Article I John Deacon Bates, a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, engaged in a pattern of conduct that is incompatible with the trust and confidence placed in him as a Federal judge, as follows: Judge Bates ordered the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to restore socially divisive and destructive LGBTQI+ content on taxpayer subsidized government webpages, in contravention of Executive Order 14168 (January 20, 2025): Judge Bates, in granting a temporary restraining order to the far-left organization, Doctors for America, argued that by removing long relied upon medical resources without explanation, it is likely that the sic each agency failed to examine the relevant data and articulate a satisfactory explanation for its action . He further argued that the agencies did not consider the substantial reliance by medical professionals on the removed webpages . Judge Bates failed to consider that these webpages maintained informational resources on gender affirming care—better described as the intentional surgical or chemical castration of children—and that at no time in the history of the American judicial system, until very recently, would judges have considered the purposeful damage to the bodies of healthy young men and women to be a compelling or even legitimate health concern. To the contrary, it is the opinion of this Congress that the continued socialization of this grave moral evil necessitates immediate action against those who would promote it. Accordingly, Judge John Deacon Bates, has engaged in conduct so utterly lacking in intellectual honesty and basic integrity that he is guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors, is unfit to hold the office of Federal judge, and should be removed from office.

119 HRES 167 IH: To establish uniform standards for flag displays in the House of Representatives facilities. U.S. House of Representatives 2025-02-26 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 167 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES February 26, 2025 Mr. Hamadeh of Arizona (for himself, Ms. Tenney , Mrs. Harshbarger , and Mr. McDowell ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on House Administration RESOLUTION To establish uniform standards for flag displays in the House of Representatives facilities. 1. Scope and application (a) Application This resolution shall apply to the following: (1) Office buildings of the House of Representatives; (2) Any office or facility used by the leadership of the House of Representatives for official purposes. (3) Any locations used for official purposes by a committee of the House of Representatives. (4) Any other area under the jurisdiction of the House of Representatives. (b) Exception Nothing in this resolution shall apply to the individual personal office space of a Member of the House of Representatives. 2. Authorized flag displays In any location covered by section 1, the only flags that may be displayed are the following: (1) The United States flag, as defined in section 700(b) of title 18, United States Code. (2) The official House of Representatives flags and insignia. (3) The State flag of the represented district of a Member of the House of Representatives, displayed adjacent to the office of such Member. (4) A military service flag. (5) The POW/MIA flag. (6) Any flag eligible to be displayed in the Hall of Tribal Nations of the Bureau of Indian Affairs Museum Program. (7) The flags of visiting foreign dignitaries during an official visit. 3. Oversight The Administration Committee of the House of Representatives and the Sergeant of Arms shall oversee the application of this resolution, including byâ€” (1) establishing a process for reviewing and approving temporary exceptions; and (2) implementing a timeline for compliance with the requirements of this resolution, including an initial implementation date that is not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this resolution.

119 HRES 199 IH: Condemning woke foreign aid programs. U.S. House of Representatives 2025-03-06 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 199 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 6, 2025 Mr. Burchett submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs RESOLUTION Condemning woke foreign aid programs. Whereas the United States spent $2,000,000 on a transgender health grant in Guatemala, awarded in 2024 to Asociación Lambda for gender-affirming health care , plus economic empowerment and advocacy for trans-led groups, with $350,000 disbursed so far; Whereas the United States spent $20,000,000 on Iraqi Sesame Street, entitled Ahlan Simsim , funded to support educational programming for children in Iraq, with disbursements ongoing; Whereas the United States spent $1,500,000 on diversity, equity, and inclusion workplace programs in Serbia, a United States Agency for International Development (USAID) grant from 2023 to 2024 to Grupa Izadji to push diversity, equity, and inclusion in workplaces, aiming to boost LGBTQI+ economic engagement, with about $1,140,000 paid out so far; Whereas the United States spent $45,000,000 on diversity, equity, and inclusion scholarships in Burma, funded to provide diversity, equity, and inclusion-focused educational opportunities, with details on disbursements unavailable at this time; Whereas the United States spent $10,000,000 on male circumcision in Mozambique; Whereas the United States spent $250,000 on gender equality workshops in Morocco, through a 2023 Department of State grant to Association Marocaine pour les Droits des Femmes for workshops promoting gender equality and women’s entrepreneurship; Whereas the United States spent $100,000 on a drag HIV awareness campaign in South Africa; Whereas the United States spent $85,000 on a bee conservation musical in Brazil, funded in 2023 to raise awareness about bee conservation through a musical performance in São Paulo; Whereas the United States spent $70,000 on an Irish diversity, equity, and inclusion musical, funded a live musical event in Ireland in 2022 to promote United States-Ireland shared values of diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility, not a full musical, but a concert-style gig at the United States Embassy; Whereas the United States spent $60,000 on indigenous diversity, equity, and inclusion training in Bolivia, through a 2023 USAID grant for diversity and inclusion workshops for indigenous leaders in La Paz; Whereas the United States spent $50,000 on vegan cooking classes in Kenya, and USAID funded this 2023 program to teach plant-based cooking in Nairobi to promote sustainability; Whereas the United States spent $40,000 on a feminist podcast series in Chile, funded in 2022 by the Department of State for a podcast on feminist issues in Santiago; Whereas the United States spent $32,000 on a transgender comic book in Peru, through Department of State funding in 2021 to Peru’s Education Department via Fulbright for The Power of Education , a comic featuring an LGBTQ+ hero tackling social and mental health issues; Whereas the United States spent $30,000 on a trans youth art exhibit in Vietnam, through a 2022 Department of State grant for an art exhibit by transgender youth in Ho Chi Minh City; Whereas the United States spent $25,000 on a transgender opera in Colombia, through a Department of State grant in 2022 to Universidad de los Andes in Bogotá for As One , an opera about a transgender woman’s coming-of-age story, framed as public diplomacy (total project $47,020 with non-Federal funds); Whereas the United States spent $25,000 on a transgender fashion show in Thailand, through a 2024 grant for a fashion show featuring transgender designers in Bangkok; Whereas the United States spent $20,000 on drag queen training in Pakistan, funded in 2022 by the Department of State to train drag performers in Pakistan as part of a cultural exchange program; Whereas the United States spent $15,000 on a queer film festival in Ecuador, through a 2024 grant to fund an LGBTQ+ film festival in Quito, Ecuador, for public diplomacy ; and Whereas the United States spent $10,000 on a queer poetry slam in India, through a 2024 grant for a poetry event in New Delhi celebrating queer voices: Now, therefore, be it That the House of Representatives— (1) is firmly opposed to funding these programs and programs like these, viewing them as wasteful expenditures of taxpayer dollars on frivolous or ideologically driven initiatives; (2) requests more oversight of Federal aid programs, including a comprehensive audit by the Government Accountability Office of all grants awarded by the Department of State and United States Agency for International Development since 2021; (3) urges the immediate suspension of similar discretionary grants pending a review of their alignment with core national interests and fiscal responsibility; (4) demands transparency by mandating public disclosure of all grant applications, justifications, and outcomes on a searchable online database not later than 90 days after the date on which such a grant is awarded; (5) recommends redirecting funds from such programs to domestic priorities, including infrastructure repair, veteran health care, or disaster relief efforts; (6) encourages the inspector general of each relevant agency to conduct annual reviews of grant efficacy, with findings reported to Congress and made available to the public; (7) proposes a cap on annual spending for cultural exchange and advocacy grants abroad, limiting such expenditures to no more than 0.1 percent of the Federal discretionary budget; (8) insists on a requirement that all future grants over $10,000 receive explicit congressional approval via a streamlined review process; and (9) expresses its intent to draft legislation prohibiting the use of Federal funds for overseas programs promoting niche social agendas absent a clear and direct benefit to United States national security or economic interests.

119 HRES 224 IH: Expressing support for the recognition of “Detransition Awareness Day”. U.S. House of Representatives 2025-03-14 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 224 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES March 14, 2025 Mrs. Miller of Illinois (for herself, Mr. Harris of Maryland , Mr. LaMalfa , Mr. Ogles , Mr. Babin , Mr. Rose , and Mr. Crenshaw ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce , and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned RESOLUTION Expressing support for the recognition of Detransition Awareness Day . Whereas many individuals who have undergone sex trait modification interventions later regret such interventions; Whereas the number of individuals seeking to reverse such interventions has risen significantly, highlighting a need for greater understanding and support; Whereas many individuals who have undergone sex trait modification interventions face irreversible physical changes and suffer from a range of health complications, including genital mutilation, sexual dysfunction, infertility, osteoporosis, and psychological distress; Whereas there is a critical need for comprehensive, noninvasive, and evidence-based care for individuals experiencing discomfort with their sex that focuses on mental health support rather than solely on physiological interventions; and Whereas individuals who have undergone sex trait modification interventions and have returned to living in the reality of their sex often encounter retribution and hateful rhetoric for publicly announcing regret and face barriers to receiving appropriate medical, psychological, and social support after making the choice to detransition, including lack of insurance coverage for corrective or reparative treatments: Now, therefore, be it That the House of Representatives— (1) supports the recognition of Detransition Awareness Day to acknowledge the experiences of individuals who have detransitioned, or are in the process of detransitioning, and have returned to living in the reality of their sex, and to foster public and legislative understanding of the challenges of such individuals; (2) urges the development and implementation of policies that— (A) ensure comprehensive mental health services are available for individuals who experience discomfort with their sex; and (B) advocate for informed consent processes that fully disclose the risks of sex trait modification interventions, including the potential for regret and the irreversible nature of such interventions; (3) calls for legislative action to— (A) extend the statute of limitations for claims related to medical malpractice or negligence in providing sex trait modification interventions to recognize the delayed realization of harm in many cases; and (B) remove any existing caps on damages for individuals harmed by sex trait modification interventions to ensure adequate compensation for both physical and psychological injuries; (4) requests that the Department of Health and Human Services conduct a review of current literature regarding care for individuals struggling with discomfort due to their sex, promulgate new guidelines, as determined necessary, to promote ethical medical standards and practices that do not involve physiologically invasive practices that attempt to alter the sex traits of an individual, and revise guidelines to better protect patient rights and health; (5) commends individuals who have detransitioned, or are in the process of detransitioning, and have returned to living in the reality of their sex for their courage in sharing their stories and working towards better care and understanding for those in similar situations; and (6) encourages all States to adopt similar resolutions and initiatives to support such individuals and to ensure that all medical interventions are conducted according to the highest ethical standards.

119 HRES 26 IH: Deeming certain conduct of members of Antifa as domestic terrorism and designating Antifa as a domestic terrorist organization. U.S. House of Representatives 2025-01-09 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 26 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES January 9, 2025 Ms. Greene of Georgia (for herself, Mr. Biggs of Arizona , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Mr. Higgins of Louisiana , and Mr. Hunt ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary RESOLUTION Deeming certain conduct of members of Antifa as domestic terrorism and designating Antifa as a domestic terrorist organization. Whereas the extremist organization Antifa is motivated by communism, anarchism, socialism, and violence, and has continuously demonstrated their commitment to lawlessness and criminal behavior; Whereas, in 2016, the Department of Homeland Security formally classified Antifa activities as domestic terrorist violence ; Whereas one chapter, Rose City Antifa, has rejected the civil treatment of perceived enemies, stating, We can’t just argue against them; we have to prevent them from organizing by any means necessary. , and this same chapter publicly stated, We are unapologetic about the reality that fighting fascism at points requires physical militancy. ; Whereas the far-left militant organization held signs reading, We are ungovernable and Abolish ICE, no cops, prisons, borders, presidents , illustrating their dedication to lawlessness; Whereas, in response to the 2017 violent riots, an Antifa extremist stated, Sometimes you have to use direct action to stop it because protesting, signs, yelling is not going to do anything. You have to make them afraid. ; Whereas Federal Bureau of Investigation Director Christopher Wray stated in a testimony to the House Homeland Security Committee, We have seen folks who subscribe or identify with the Antifa movement, who coalesce regionally into small groups or nodes and they are certainly organized at that level , proving these extreme, violent attacks, disguised under the name of protests, are coordinated, organized events that are orchestrated by Antifa; Whereas the Congressional Research Service reports that Antifa literature urges followers to publicize information such as home addresses, phone numbers, photographs, and social media profiles of perceived enemies; Whereas, in June 2018, at least 1,500 U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (referred to in this resolution as ICE ) employees were doxed by an Antifa-linked Twitter account and were subjected to violent threats and harassments; Whereas, in February 2017, black-bloc, Antifa-affiliated riots resulted in $100,000 worth of damage at the University of California at Berkeley; Whereas, in February 2017, over 200 rioters were indicted on charges of assaulting police officers, torching a limousine, and smashing windows of several businesses, and other Antifa-affiliated rioters were armed with hammers, crowbars, bricks, rocks, flares, firecrackers, and other explosive devices; Whereas, in August 2017, approximately 100 Antifa rioters incited violence during a peaceful rally in Berkeley, California, where these terrorists were repeatedly punching and kicking innocent people, sending several peaceful protestors to the hospital, and ultimately 13 rioters were arrested on a range of charges including assault with deadly weapons and obstructing a police officer; Whereas, in July 2020, a self-proclaimed member of Antifa, Willem Van Spronsen, tossed lit objects at vehicles and buildings, caused a car fire, attempted to ignite a 500-gallon propane tank, and attempted to firebomb the ICE detention facility in Tacoma, Washington; Whereas, in February 2021, the United States Attorney for the District of Oregon stated that Antifa caused more than $2,300,000 in riot damage to Federal property in Oregon, not including any damages to private businesses or State, county, and city buildings; Whereas, over the summer of 2020, Antifa assisted in inflicting over $2,000,000,000 in damages against churches, Federal buildings, businesses, and other downtown structures across 20 States, resulting in the death of at least 30 individuals as well as 700 injured police officers; Whereas, over the summer and fall of 2020, Portland District Attorney Mike Schmidt refused to file charges in approximately 70 percent of the approximate 1,000 protest- and riot-related cases brought by police officers; Whereas, in May 2020, the Department of Justice formally labeled Antifa violence as domestic terrorism in a public statement saying, The violence instigated and carried out by Antifa and other similar groups in connection with the rioting is domestic terrorism and will be treated accordingly. ; Whereas Black Lives Matter-Antifa rioter Malik Fard Muhammad was sentenced to 10 years in Federal prison for repeatedly and intentionally jeopardizing the lives of police officers, destroying public property, and encouraging others to commit violence during protests that occurred in Portland in 2020 ; Whereas, in January 2021, Portland Police Bureau officials reported that Antifa rioters attacked officers in downtown Portland shooting commercial-grade, aerial fireworks and firebombs, and destroying government property and over a dozen downtown businesses; Whereas in that same riot, police were also attacked with bricks, rocks, and frozen water bottles, and Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler reported at least tens of thousands of dollars in damage had been done; Whereas, in August 2022, Antifa ardently defended the sexualization of children by guarding a kid-friendly drag show at a North Texas distillery; Whereas, in January 2023, Atlanta police arrested 6 extremists on charges of domestic terrorism following violent riots carried out by members of Antifa who shattered windows, destroyed businesses, torched a police car, and vandalized the walls of the city; Whereas, in January 2023, Antifa issued a statement telling its followers to bring pipes, spray paint, kerosene, and lighters to New York City to Burn it all down ; Whereas, in March 2023, Antifa-affiliated rioters set fire to the future Atlanta police training facility by launching fireworks, Molotov cocktails, and other destructive items at police officers and into the facility’s construction site resulting in arrests of 23 extremists on charges of domestic terrorism; Whereas these coordinated, destructive acts of hate carried out by Antifa are attacks against the Nation’s law enforcement as well as the American people and have no place in the United States; and Whereas members of Antifa are relentlessly dedicated to using acts of domestic terrorism in order to suppress opposing political ideologies: Now, therefore, be it That— (1) this conduct of Antifa members, or any unlawful conduct performed at an Antifa-affiliated demonstration, is deemed to be domestic terrorism (as such term is defined in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code); (2) the House of Representatives designates Antifa, and any other affiliated group or subsidiary of Antifa, to be a domestic terrorist organization; and (3) the House of Representatives calls on the Department of Justice— (A) to prosecute these crimes of domestic terrorism (as such term is defined in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code) by Antifa; and (B) to use all available tools and resources to combat the spread of domestic terrorism (as such term is defined in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code) committed by Antifa.

119 HRES 47 IH: Concerning the National Collegiate Athletic Association policy for eligibility in women’s sports. U.S. House of Representatives 2025-01-15 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 47 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES January 15, 2025 Mr. Steube (for himself, Ms. Hageman , Mr. Moore of West Virginia , Ms. Boebert , Mr. Webster of Florida , Mr. Owens , Mrs. Miller of Illinois , Ms. Tenney , Mr. Buchanan , Mr. McCormick , Mr. Ellzey , Mr. Norman , and Mr. Guest ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Workforce RESOLUTION Concerning the National Collegiate Athletic Association policy for eligibility in women’s sports. Whereas athletic participation has an important positive impact on young girls, improving their physical, emotional, and psychological health, self-confidence, and discipline; Whereas women have been responsible for some of the greatest athletic feats in the history of sports in the United States, from the Olympic games to professional competition, through opportunities to compete in collegiate sports; Whereas the enactment of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ) (referred to in this preamble as title IX ) marked a pivotal moment in the Federal support of women in sports and applied to virtually all postsecondary institutions as recipients of Federal financial assistance; Whereas there are fundamental and enduring biological differences between males and females that put females at a competitive disadvantage in sports and jeopardize their safety during competition against males; Whereas, in 2010, the National Collegiate Athletic Association unilaterally adopted a policy that enables biological males to participate on women’s rosters and compete in the women’s sports category, a policy that continues today; Whereas the policy described in the previous proviso disproportionately negatively impacts female athletes; Whereas the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (referred to in this preamble as the NAIA ) has instituted new policies to protect biological women in sports and ensure that only student athletes whose biological sex is female will be allowed to compete on NAIA-sponsored women's sports teams; Whereas it is imperative that opportunities for collegiate women to compete athletically are protected on the basis of sex; and Whereas member institutions of the National Collegiate Athletic Association have an obligation under title IX to ensure equality of benefits and opportunities in athletic programs on the basis of sex: Now, therefore be it That the House of Representatives— (1) calls on the National Collegiate Athletic Association (referred to in this resolution as NCAA ) to revoke its transgender student-athlete eligibility policy that directly discriminates against female student athletes; (2) implores the NCAA immediately to protect the integrity of collegiate women’s sports by forbidding transgender-identifying males to compete on any women’s sports roster or in any collegiate competition; (3) urges the NCAA to require its member conferences to conform to a biological sex-based policy across all sports and all divisions; and (4) calls on all sports-governing bodies in the United States to protect the category of women’s sport for biological women and girls.

119 HRES 475 IH: Supporting the designation of Family Month. U.S. House of Representatives 2025-06-04 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 475 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 4, 2025 Mrs. Miller of Illinois (for herself, Mr. Cloud , Mr. Moore of Alabama , Mrs. Harshbarger , Mr. Weber of Texas , Mr. Rulli , Mr. Nehls , Ms. Hageman , Mr. Harris of North Carolina , Ms. Tenney , Mr. Davidson , Mr. McGuire , Mr. Sessions , Mr. Grothman , Mr. Gill of Texas , Mr. Loudermilk , Mr. Brecheen , and Ms. Greene of Georgia ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Workforce RESOLUTION Supporting the designation of Family Month. Whereas the traditional nuclear family is the foundation of a healthy society; Whereas mothers and fathers play a crucial and irreplaceable role in the upbringing of their children; Whereas the best environment for children to thrive is a home with a married mother and father; Whereas roughly half of all marriages in the United States end in divorce; Whereas many young people are opting to delay or forgo marriage and starting a family; Whereas many tax and welfare policies encourage cohabitation and penalize couples for getting married; Whereas the birth rate in the United States has fallen below the replacement level needed to replenish the population and sustain the economy; Whereas the month of June was first declared as Pride Month by President Bill Clinton in 1999 and has been done so by Presidents Barack Obama and Joe Biden, rejecting the importance of marriage and family; Whereas Americans are inundated with perverse Pride Month displays and events throughout the month of June that denigrate the nuclear family; Whereas Americans who hold to a traditional view of marriage and family are often disparaged; Whereas the decline of marriage and family has corresponded to a rise in crime, drug abuse, and other social ill; Whereas our Founding Father John Adams said, Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other. ; Whereas our survival as a country and civilization depends on the continuation of traditional marriage and family; and Whereas it is fitting to observe a month of rededicating our Nation to the importance of the traditional nuclear family: Now, therefore, be it That the House of Representativesâ€” (1) recognizes the benefit of marriage and family to men, women, children, and society; (2) no longer recognizes Pride Month; and (3) supports the designation of Family Month for the purpose of rededicating our Nation to the importance of this essential unit.

119 HRES 536 IH: Supporting the designation of the week including June 23, 2025, as “National Women’s Sports Week” to celebrate the anniversary of the passage of title IX and the growth of women’s sports. U.S. House of Representatives 2025-06-23 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. IV 119th CONGRESS 1st Session H. RES. 536 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES June 23, 2025 Ms. Tenney (for herself, Mr. Norman , Ms. Mace , and Mr. Weber of Texas ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Workforce RESOLUTION Supporting the designation of the week including June 23, 2025, as National Women’s Sports Week to celebrate the anniversary of the passage of title IX and the growth of women’s sports. Whereas title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ) (referred to in this preamble as title IX ) was enacted on June 23, 1972, to end unjust sex discrimination in education, including in athletics; Whereas title IX transformed sports by guaranteeing women and girls the right to equal athletic opportunities; Whereas the purposes and benefits of title IX are negated for women whenever men claiming to be women are granted access to female sports; Whereas title IX has resulted in a 545 percent increase in the percentage of women playing college sports and a 990 percent increase in the percentage of women playing high school sports; Whereas athletic participation helps women and girls develop confidence, initiative, and leadership skills; Whereas policies allowing for the inclusion of men in women’s sports have no basis in biological fact or valid medical research; Whereas providing equal athletic opportunities in sports to women is impossible without single-sex teams and competitions reserved exclusively for female athletes; Whereas, without separate single-sex teams and competitions based on biological sex for men and women, men will dominate competitive sports where size, strength, and speed are factors, depriving female athletes of athletic and academic opportunities; Whereas the biological differences between men and women have led to women being injured by men competing in women’s sports; Whereas, since 2017, men have won at least 24 professional women’s sports titles and an innumerable number of unreported titles at the middle school, high school, and collegiate levels; Whereas, in 2018, at least 300 high school-aged boys in the United States ran the 400-meter dash faster than the most decorated female Olympic champion in the world has run it in her lifetime; Whereas Executive Order 14201 (90 Fed. Reg. 9279; relating to keeping men out of women’s sports) emphasizes opposition to male competitive participation in women’s sports as a matter of safety, fairness, dignity, and truth ; and Whereas the week of June 22 through June 28 is National Women’s Sports Week : Now, therefore, be it That the House of Representatives supports— (1) observing National Women’s Sports Week to recognize— (A) the incredible expansion of opportunities for female athletes since the enactment of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ); and (B) the role of the provisions of law described in subparagraph (A) in guaranteeing equal athletic opportunities for members of both sexes; and (2) marking the observance of National Women’s Sports Week with— (A) appropriate programs and activities that— (i) celebrate the contributions of individual female athletes in the United States; (ii) honor the coaches and parents who support female athletes in the United States; (iii) promote equal access to athletic opportunities for members of both sexes; and (iv) support the commitment of the United States to supporting female athletes; and (B) legislative efforts to protect single-sex sports.

119 S1147 IS: Defining Male and Female Act of 2025 U.S. Senate 2025-03-26 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 1147 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES March 26, 2025 Mr. Marshall (for himself, Mr. Cassidy , Mr. Sheehy , Mrs. Hyde-Smith , and Mr. Ricketts ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To establish clear and consistent biological definitions of male and female. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Defining Male and Female Act of 2025 . 2. Definition of sex , male , female , and related terms Chapter 1 of title 1, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 9. Definition of sex , male , female , and related terms In determining the meaning of any Act of Congress, or of any ruling, regulation, or interpretation of the various departments and Federal agencies of the United States, the term— (1) boy means a minor human male; (2) father means a male parent; (3) female , when used to refer to a natural person, means a person belonging, at conception, to the sex characterized by a reproductive system with the biological function of producing eggs (ova); (4) gender identity means an identity that reflects an internal and subjective sense of self, disconnected from biological reality and sex and existing on an indeterminate continuum, and, because such an identity does not provide a meaningful basis for identification for purposes of Federal law, the term shall not be recognized by the Federal Government as a replacement for sex; (5) girl means a minor human female; (6) male , when used to refer to a natural person, means a person belonging, at conception, to the biological sex characterized by a reproductive system with the biological function of producing sperm; (7) man , except when used as a generic reference to human beings, means an adult human male; (8) mother means a female parent; (9) sex , when referring to a natural person's individual’s sex, means the person’s immutable biological classification as either male or female, as biologically determined and defined by this section; and (10) woman means an adult human female. .

119 S1551 IS: No Subsidies for Gender Transition Procedures Act U.S. Senate 2025-05-01 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 1551 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES May 1, 2025 Mr. Marshall (for himself, Mr. Ricketts , Mr.Cassidy , and Mr. Lee )introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee onFinance A BILL To deny tax deductions and other Federal funding for the costs of gendertransition procedures. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the No Subsidies for Gender Transition Procedures Act . 2. Denial of medical expense taxdeduction (a) In general Subsection (d) of section 213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (12) Expenses relating to gender transition (A) In general The term medical care does not include any gender transition procedure. (B) Definitions For purposes of this paragraph— (i) Gender transition procedure (I) In general The term gender transition procedure means any hormonal or surgical intervention for the purpose of gender transition, including— (aa) the provision of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists or other puberty-suppression drugs or puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normally-timed puberty in an individual who does not identify as his or her sex, (bb) the provision of testosterone, estrogen, progesterone, or other androgen blockers to an individual at doses which are supraphysiologic to what would normally be produced endogenously in a healthy individual of the same age and sex, with the intent to align an individual's physical appearance with an identity that differs from his or her sex, (cc) surgical procedures that attempt to transform an individual's physical appearance to align with an identity that differs from his or her sex or that attempt to alter or remove an individual's sexual organs to minimize or destroy their natural biological functions, (dd) castration, vasectomy, penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, vulvoplasty, mastectomy, hysterectomy, oophorectomy, ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without metoidioplasty or phalloplasty, metoidioplasty, phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, implantation of erection or testicular prostheses, reduction thyrochondroplasty, chondrolaryngoplasty, tubal ligation, sterilization, augmentation mammoplasty, placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts, placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region, liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, hair reconstruction, pectoral implants, any plastic, cosmetic, or aesthetic surgery which feminizes or masculinizes the facial or other physiological features of an individual, and any removal of any otherwise healthy or non-diseased body part or tissue. (II) Exclusions The term gender transition procedure does not include, when furnished to an individual by a health care provider with the consent of such individual (or, if applicable, such individual’s parents or legal guardian)— (aa) services to individuals born with a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including an individual with external sex characteristics which are irresolvably ambiguous, such as an individual born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, an individual born with 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or an individual born having both ovarian and testicular tissue, (bb) services relating to any other physician-diagnosed disorder of sexual development with respect to which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a healthy male or female of the same age, (cc) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder caused or exacerbated by the performance of gender transition procedures, without regard to whether the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether the gender transition procedure is treated as medical care under this section, (dd) any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness (but not mental, behavioral, or emotional distress or a mental, behavioral, or emotional disorder) which would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless the procedure is performed to alleviate said physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness, (ee) procedures to restore or reconstruct the body of the individual in order to correspond to the individual's sex after one or more previous gender transition procedures, which may include the removal of a pseudo phallus or breast augmentation, (ff) puberty suppression or puberty-blocking prescription drugs for the purpose of normalizing puberty for a minor experiencing precocious puberty, or (gg) male circumcision. (ii) Gender transition The term gender transition means the process by which an individual goes from identifying with or presenting as his or her sex to identifying with or presenting as a self-proclaimed identity which does not correspond with or is different from his or her sex, and may be accompanied by social, legal, or physical changes. (iii) Sex The term sex , when referring to an individual’s sex, means either male or female, as biologically determined. (iv) Female The term female , when used to refer to a natural person, means a person belonging, at conception, to the sex characterized by a reproductive system with the biological function of producing eggs (ova). (v) Male The term male , when used to refer to a natural person, means a person belonging, at conception, to the biological sex characterized by a reproductive system with the biological function of producing sperm. . (b) Effective date The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 3. Prohibiting Federal medicaid funding for gender transition procedures (a) In general Section 1903(i) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1396b(i) ) is amended— (1) in paragraph (26), by striking ; or and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (27), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or ; (3) by inserting after paragraph (27) the following new paragraph: (28) with respect to any amounts expended for any specified gender transition procedure (as defined in section 1905(kk)) to an individual enrolled in a State plan under this title (or a waiver of such plan), including any amounts expended for the administration of a State program that furnishes any such procedure. ; and (4) in the flush left matter at the end, by striking and (18), and inserting (18), and (28) . (b) Prohibiting Federal medicaid funding for gender transitionprocedures Section 1905 of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1396d ) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (kk) Prohibiting Federal medicaid funding for specified gender transitionprocedures (1) Specified gender transition procedures defined For purposes of section 1903(i)(28), except as provided in paragraph (2), the term specified gender transition procedure means, with respect to an individual, any hormonal or surgical intervention for the purpose of gender transition, including— (A) the provision of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists or other puberty suppression drugs or puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normally timed puberty in an individual who does not identify as his or her sex; (B) the provision of testosterone, estrogen, progesterone, or other androgen blockers to an individual at doses which are supraphysiologic to what would normally be produced endogenously in a healthy individual of the same age and sex, with the intent to align an individual’s physical appearance with an identity that differs from his or her sex; (C) surgical procedures that attempt to transform an individual’s physical appearance to align with an identity that differs from his or her sex or that attempt to alter or remove an individual’s sexual organs to minimize or destroy their natural biological functions; or (D) castration, vasectomy, penectomy, orchiectomy, vaginoplasty, clitoroplasty, vulvoplasty, mastectomy, hysterectomy, oophorectomy, ovariectomy, reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without metoidioplasty or phalloplasty, metoidioplasty, phalloplasty, vaginectomy, scrotoplasty, implantation of erection or testicular prostheses, reduction thyrochondroplasty, chondrolaryngoplasty, tubal ligation, sterilization, augmentation mammoplasty, placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts, placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region, liposuction, lipofilling, voice surgery, hair reconstruction, pectoral implants, any plastic, cosmetic, or aesthetic surgery which feminizes or masculinizes the facial or other physiological features of an individual, and any removal of any otherwise healthy or non-diseased body part or tissue. (2) Exclusions The term specified gender transition procedure shall not include, when furnished to an individual by a health care provider with the consent of such individual (or, if applicable, the parents or legal guardian of such individual)— (A) services to individuals born with a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including an individual with external sex characteristics which are irresolvably ambiguous, such as an individual born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, an individual born with 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or an individual born having both ovarian and testicular tissue; (B) services relating to any other physician-diagnosed disorder of sexual development with respect to which the physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action for a healthy male or female of the same age; (C) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder caused or exacerbated by the performance of gender transition procedures, without regard to whether the gender transition procedure was performed in accordance with State and Federal law or whether the gender transition procedure is treated as medical care under this section; (D) any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness (but not mental, behavioral, or emotional distress or a mental, behavioral, or emotional disorder) which would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless the procedure is performed to alleviate said physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness; (E) any procedure to restore or reconstruct the body of the individual in order to correspond to the individual’s sex after 1 or more previous gender transition procedures, which may include the removal of a pseudo phallus or breast augmentation; (F) puberty suppression or puberty-blocking prescription drugs for the purpose of normalizing puberty for an individual experiencing precocious puberty; or (G) male circumcision. (3) Additional definitions For purposes of this subsection: (A) Gendertransition The term gender transition means the process by which an individual goes from identifying with or presenting as his or her sex to identifying with or presenting as a self-proclaimed identity which does not correspond with or is different from his or her sex, and may be accompanied by social, legal, or physical changes. (B) Sex The term sex , when referring to an individual’s sex, means either male or female, as biologically determined, including as described in subparagraphs (C) and (D). (C) Female The term female , when used to refer to a natural person, means an individual belonging, at conception, to the sex characterized by a reproductive system with the biological function of producing eggs (ova). (D) Male The term male , when used to refer to a natural person, means an individual belonging, at conception, to the biological sex characterized by a reproductive system with the biological function of producing sperm. . (c) Effective date The amendments made by this section shall apply to services furnished on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 4. Prohibiting Federal children’s health insurance program funding for gendertransition procedures on minors (a) In general Section 2105(c) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1397ee(c) ) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (13) Limitation on payment for specified gender transition procedures forminors Payment shall not be made to a State under this section for any amount expended under the State plan to pay for specified gender transition procedures (as defined in section 1905(kk)) or to assist in the purchase, in whole or in part, of health benefit coverage that includes coverage of any such procedure. . (b) Conforming amendment Section 2107(e)(1)(N) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1397gg(e)(1)(N) ) is amended by striking and (17) and inserting (17), and (28) . (c) Effective date The amendments made by this section shall apply to services furnished on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 5. Prohibiting Federal medicare funding for gender transition procedures (a) In general Section 1862(a) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1395y(a) ) is amended— (1) in paragraph (24), by striking or at the end; (2) in paragraph (25), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or ; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (25) the following new paragraph: (26) which are specified gender transition procedures (as defined in section 1905(kk)). . (b) Effective date The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to items and services furnished on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 6. Exclusion of gender transition procedures from essential healthbenefits Section 1302(b)(2) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( 42 U.S.C. 18022(b)(2) ) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking Limitation and inserting Limitations ; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: (B) Exclusions In defining the essential health benefits under paragraph (1), or in revising essential health benefits under paragraph (4)(H), the Secretary shall not include the category of gender transition procedures (as defined in section 213(d)(12)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) or any items or services covered within such a category. ; and (4) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesignated), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting subparagraph (A) .

119 S1658 IS: Sensible Adoption For Every Home Act U.S. Senate 2025-05-07 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 1658 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES May 7, 2025 Mr. Banks (for himself and Mr. Cotton ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Finance A BILL To prohibit entities receiving Federal assistance that are involved in adoption or foster care placements from delaying or denying placements under certain conditions. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Sensible Adoption For Every Home Act or the SAFE Home Act . 2. State plan requirement under the Federal foster care and adoption assistance program (a) In general Section 471(a) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 671(a) ) is amended— (1) by striking and at the end of paragraph (36); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (37) and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (38) (A) prohibits any entity that receives Federal assistance and is involved in adoption or foster care placements from delaying or denying the placement of a minor child for adoption or into foster care, or otherwise discriminating in making a placement decision with a prospective or actual adoptive or foster parent, for any of the following reasons: (i) The parent raises, cares for, and addresses a child in a manner consistent with the child’s sex. (ii) The parent declines to consent to a child receiving any medical, surgical, pharmacological, or psychological treatment or other medical or mental health service for the purpose of attempting to alter the appearance of, or to validate a child’s perception of, the child’s sex, if the appearance or perception is inconsistent with the child’s sex. (iii) The parent declines to consent to an amendment or alteration to a child’s birth certificate, passport, driver’s license, school records, or other government-issued identification document, if the amendment or alteration is inconsistent with the child’s sex; and (B) for purposes of this paragraph, defines— (i) the term sex as biological sex, either male or female; (ii) the term female as an individual who has, had, will have, or but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident would have, a reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization; and (iii) the term male as an individual who has, had, will have, or but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident would have, a reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. . (b) Effective date (1) In general The amendment made by this Act shall take effect on the 1st day of the 1st fiscal quarter beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to payments under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act for calendar quarters beginning on or after such date. (2) Delay permitted if state legislation required If the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that State legislation (other than legislation appropriating funds) is required in order for a State plan developed pursuant to part E of title IV of the Social Security Act to meet the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this Act, the plan shall not be regarded as failing to meet any of the additional requirements before the 1st day of the 1st calendar quarter beginning after the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. For purposes of the preceding sentence, if the State has a 2-year legislative session, each year of the session is deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature.

119 S1811 IS: EDUCATE Act U.S. Senate 2025-05-20 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 1811 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES May 20, 2025 Mr. Kennedy (for himself and Mr. Schmitt ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions A BILL To amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to prohibit graduate medical schools from receiving Federal financial assistance if such schools adopt certain policies and requirements relating to diversity, equity, and inclusion. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Embracing Anti-Discrimination, Unbiased Curricula, and Advancing Truth in Education Act or the EDUCATE Act . 2. Limitation on availability of funds for certain graduate medical schools Part B of title I of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1011 et seq. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: 124. Limitation on availability of funds for certain graduate medical schools (a) Limitation Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no graduate medical school at an institution of higher education shall be eligible to receive funds or any other form of financial assistance under any Federal program, including participation in any federally funded or guaranteed student loan program, unless the institution submits the following certifications to the Secretary: (1) A certification that the institution does not, and will not, do any of the following: (A) Direct or compel faculty, staff, or students of the medical school to personally state, pledge, recite, or otherwise express any of the following tenets as a precondition of receiving any benefit, program access, instruction, privilege, employment, admission, or other such matter: (i) That any sex, race, ethnicity, religion, color, or national origin makes an individual a member of oppressed or oppressor categories. (ii) That individuals should be adversely treated on the basis of their sex, race, ethnicity, religion, color, or national origin. (iii) That individuals, by virtue of sex, race, ethnicity, religion, color, or national origin, are inherently responsible for actions committed in the past by other members of the same sex, race, ethnicity, religion, color, or national origin. (iv) That America is systemically, structurally, or institutionally racist, or that racism is weaved into the ordinary business of society , or that America is an oppressive nation. (B) Take any action that would deprive or tend to deprive a medical student of educational opportunities or otherwise adversely affect their status as a student, on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, or national origin, including— (i) making a distinction or classification of medical school students on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, or national origin; (ii) establishing a privilege or benefit for students solely on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, or national origin; (iii) providing a course of instruction for students solely on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, or national origin; or (iv) otherwise distinguishing students by race, ethnicity, color, or national origin. (C) Require a course of instruction or unit of study at the medical school directing or otherwise compelling students, faculty, or staff to personally state, pledge, recite, assert, or otherwise adopt any of the tenets specified in subparagraph (A). (D) Establish, maintain, or contract with a diversity, equity, and inclusion office, or any other functional equivalent of such an office, to serve the medical school. (E) Require or incentivize an individual to complete a diversity statement professing or adhering to diversity, equity, and inclusion as a condition of, or benefit in, admission or employment at such school. (2) A certification that the institution will comply with all applicable civil rights laws, including— (A) titles IV and VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000c et seq. ; 2000d et seq.); (B) title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq); (C) section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 ( 29 U.S.C. 794 ); (D) the Age Discrimination Act of 1975 ( 42 U.S.C. 6101 et seq. ); and (E) any regulations, guidelines, and standards issued by the Department of Education under any applicable civil rights laws. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) Diversity, equity, and inclusion office The term diversity, equity, and inclusion office means any component of an institution of higher education, including any division, unit, or center of such an institution, that is responsible for directing or compelling faculty, staff, or students to state, pledge, recite, assert, or otherwise express ideas as a precondition of receiving any benefit, program access, instruction, privilege, employment, admission, or other such matter in violation of title IV or title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000c et seq. ; 2000d et seq.). (2) Diversity statement The term diversity statement means any written or oral statement that— (A) asserts that individuals of any race, sex, ethnicity, color, or national origin are inherently superior or inferior; (B) asserts that individuals should be adversely or advantageously treated on the basis of their race, sex, ethnicity, color, or national origin; or (C) asserts that individuals, by virtue of race, sex, ethnicity, color, or national origin, bear collective guilt and are inherently responsible for actions committed in the past by other members of the same race, ethnicity, color, or national origin. (3) Institution of higher education The term institution of higher education has the meaning given that term in section 102. . 3. Conforming requirements for accrediting agencies and associations Section 496(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1099b(a) ) is amended— (1) in paragraph (7), by striking and at the end; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (9) if such agency or association has or seeks to include within its scope of recognition the evaluation of the quality of institutions or programs offering graduate medical education, such agency or association shall, in addition to meeting the other requirements of this subpart, demonstrate to the Secretary that the agency or association does not require an institution or program to adopt any policies or other requirements in contravention of section 124 as a condition of receiving accreditation from the agency or association. . 4. Rules of construction Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed— (1) to prohibit a graduate medical school at an institution of higher education from— (A) providing instruction about unique medical needs or conditions that may be related to an individual’s sex, race, or other characteristics; or (B) collecting and maintaining demographic data on students solely for informational purposes; (2) in the case of an institution with a religious mission, to require or incentivize the institution to take any action that is contrary to the tenets of such religion; or (3) to restrict or prohibit— (A) the exercise of First Amendment rights by anyone lawfully present on the grounds of an institution of higher education (as defined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1002 )); (B) academic instruction at such an institution, except to the extent required under section 124(a)(1)(C) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (as added by section 2); (C) research operations at such an institution; (D) the operations of student organizations at such an institution; (E) the invitation of lecturers and other guest speakers to such an institution; or (F) the ability of an institution to comply with Federal and State anti-discrimination laws. 5. Severability If any provision of this Act or an amendment made by this Act is held invalid, the remainder of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall not be affected thereby.

119 S1988 IS: To prohibit the participation of males in athletic programs or activities at the military service academies that are designated for women or girls. U.S. Senate 2025-06-09 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 1988 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES June 9, 2025 Mr. Tuberville introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Armed Services A BILL To prohibit the participation of males in athletic programs or activities at the military service academies that are designated for women or girls. 1. Prohibition on participation of males in athletic programs or activities at the military service academies that are designated for women or girls (a) In general The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the United States Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy, and the United States Air Force Academy do not permit a person whose sex is male to participate in an athletic program or activity that is designated for women or girls. (b) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit a recipient from permitting males to train or practice with an athletic program or activity that is designated for women or girls so long as no female is deprived of a roster spot on a team or sport, opportunity to participate in a practice or competition, scholarship, admission to an educational institution, or any other benefit that accompanies participating in the athletic program or activity. (c) Definitions In this section— (1) the term athletic programs and activities includes all programs or activities that are provided conditional upon participation with any athletic team; and (2) the term sex means a person’s reproductive biology and genetics at birth.

119 S2008 IS: Stop Funding Genital Mutilation Act U.S. Senate 2025-06-10 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 2008 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES June 10, 2025 Mr. Cornyn (for himself and Mr. Lankford ) introduced the following bill; whichwas read twice and referred to the Committeeon Finance A BILL To amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to prohibit Medicaid and CHIPfunding for gender transition procedures. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Stop Funding Genital Mutilation Act . 2. Prohibiting Federal Medicaid and CHIPfunding for gender transition procedures (a) Medicaid Section 1903(i) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1396b(i) ) is amended— (1) in paragraph (26), by striking ; or and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (27), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or ; (3) by inserting after paragraph (27) the following new paragraph: (28) with respect to any amount expended for specified gender transition procedures (as defined in section 1905(kk)) furnished to an individual enrolled in a State plan (or waiver of such plan). ; and (4) in the flush left matter at the end, by striking and (18), and inserting (18), and (28) . (b) CHIP Section 2107(e)(1)(N) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1397gg(e)(1)(N) ) is amended by striking and (17) and inserting (17), and (28) . (c) Specified gender transition procedures defined Section 1905 of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1396d ) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (kk) Specified gender transition procedures (1) In general For purposes of section 1903(i)(28), except as provided in paragraph (2), the term specified gender transition procedure means, with respect to an individual, any of the following when performed for the purpose of intentionally changing the body of such individual (including by disrupting the body's development, inhibiting its natural functions, or modifying its appearance) to no longer correspond to the individual's sex: (A) Performing any surgery, including— (i) castration; (ii) sterilization; (iii) orchiectomy; (iv) scrotoplasty; (v) vasectomy; (vi) tubal ligation; (vii) hysterectomy; (viii) oophorectomy; (ix) ovariectomy; (x) metoidioplasty; (xi) clitoroplasty; (xii) reconstruction of the fixed part of the urethra with or without a metoidioplasty or a phalloplasty; (xiii) penectomy; (xiv) phalloplasty; (xv) vaginoplasty; (xvi) vaginectomy; (xvii) vulvoplasty; (xviii) reduction thyrochondroplasty; (xix) chondrolaryngoplasty; (xx) mastectomy; and (xxi) any plastic, cosmetic, or aesthetic surgery that feminizes or masculinizes the facial or other body features of an individual. (B) Any placement of chest implants to create feminine breasts or any placement of erection or testicular prostheses. (C) Any placement of fat or artificial implants in the gluteal region. (D) Administering, prescribing, or dispensing to an individual medications, including— (i) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues or other puberty-blocking drugs to stop or delay normal puberty; and (ii) testosterone, estrogen, or other androgens to an individual at doses that are supraphysiologic than would normally be produced endogenously in a healthy individual of the same age and sex. (2) Exception Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the following when furnished to an individual by a health care provider with the consent of such individual's parent or legal guardian: (A) Puberty suppression or blocking prescription drugs for the purpose of normalizing puberty for an individual experiencing precocious puberty. (B) Medically necessary procedures or treatments to correct for— (i) a medically verifiable disorder of sex development, including— (I) 46,XX chromosomes with virilization; (II) 46,XY chromosomes with undervirilization; and (III) both ovarian and testicular tissue; (ii) sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex hormone action, if determined to be abnormal by a physician through genetic or biochemical testing; (iii) infection, disease, injury, or disorder caused or exacerbated by a previous procedure described in paragraph (1), or a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of a major bodily function unless the procedure is performed, not including procedures performed for the alleviation of mental distress; or (iv) procedures to restore or reconstruct the body of the individual in order to correspond to the individual's sex after one or more previous procedures described in paragraph (1), which may include the removal of a pseudo phallus or breast augmentation. (3) Sex For purposes of paragraph (1), the term sex means either male or female, as biologically determined and defined in paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively. (4) Female For purposes of paragraph (3), the term female means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (5) Male For purposes of paragraph (3), the term male means an individual who naturally has, had, will have, or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident, the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. .

119 S2037 IS: Restoring Biological Truth to the Workplace Act U.S. Senate 2025-06-11 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 2037 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES June 11, 2025 Mr. Banks introduced the following bill;which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, andPensions A BILL To amend title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to prohibitdiscrimination against employees on the basis of expression that describes, asserts, orreinforces the binary or biological nature of sex. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Restoring Biological Truth to the Workplace Act . 2. Prohibited unlawful employment action Section 703 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e–2 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (o) (1) It shall be an unlawful employment practice for an employer to take an action described in subsection (a) because an employee engages in covered expression, that describes, asserts, or reinforces the binary or biological nature of sex. For purposes of this paragraph, the term covered expression means expression, inside or outside of a workplace, through means including speech, writing, or a depiction, or owning or using an item that contains speech, writing, or a depiction, and includes the use of pronouns. (2) It shall be an unlawful employment practice for an employer to take an action described in subsection (a) because an employee requests or uses a single-sex area that is a bathroom, changing area, or other area where physical privacy is desirable. (3) It shall not be a defense to the use of a practice described in paragraph (1) or (2) that use of the practice is job related for the position in question or consistent with business necessity. . 3. Prohibited retaliation Section 704(a) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e–3(a) ) is amended by inserting , including an unlawful employment practice prohibited under section 703(o) after by this title .

119 S204 IS: Families’ Rights and Responsibilities Act U.S. Senate 2025-01-23 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 204 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES January 23, 2025 Mr. Scott of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. Lankford , Mr. Cramer , and Mr. Barrasso ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To protect the right of parents to direct the upbringing of their children as a fundamental right. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Families’ Rights and Responsibilities Act . 2. Congressional findings and declaration of purposes (a) Findings Congress finds the following: (1) The nature of the parent-child relationship endows parents with the primary responsibility and obligation to care for their child. (2) From these responsibilities and obligations comes the pre-political, natural right of parents to care for their children. (3) The role of parents in the raising and rearing of their children is of inestimable value and deserving of both praise and protection by all levels of government. (4) This right as recognized in the traditions of western civilization recognizes that parents have the responsibility to love, nurture, raise, and protect their children. (5) The right encompasses the authority of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children according to the dictates of their conscience, to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children in their own beliefs and religion, and to be the primary decision maker for their child until the child reaches adulthood. (6) The Supreme Court has consistently recognized the primary role of parents in caring for children, concluding the following: (A) The child is not the mere creature of the state; those who nurture him and direct his destiny have the right, coupled with the high duty, to recognize and prepare him for additional obligations. Pierce v. Soc’y of the Sisters of the Holy Names of JesusMary, 268 U.S. 510, 535 (1925). (B) It is the natural duty of the parent to give his children education suitable to their station in life. Meyer v. Nebraska, 262 U.S. 390, 400 (1923). (C) It is plain that the interest of a parent in the companionship, care, custody, and management of his or her children comes to this Court with a momentum for respect lacking when appeal is made to liberties which derive merely from shifting economic arrangements. Stanley v. Illinois, 405 U.S. 645, 651 (1972). (D) The history and culture of Western civilization reflect a strong tradition of parental concern for the nurture and upbringing of their children. This primary role of the parents in the upbringing of their children is now established beyond debate as an enduring American tradition. Wisconsin v. Yoder, 406 U.S. 205, 232 (1972). (E) Our jurisprudence historically has reflected Western civilization concepts of the family as a unit with broad parental authority over minor children. Our cases have consistently followed that course. Parham v. J. R., 442 U.S. 584, 602 (1979). (F) We have recognized on numerous occasions that the relationship between parent and child is constitutionally protected. Quilloin v. Walcott, 434 U.S. 246, 255 (1978). (G) The Supreme Court has explained that the liberty specially protected by the Due Process Clause includes the right to direct the education and upbringing of one’s children. Washington v. Glucksberg, 521 U.S. 702, 720 (1997). (H) We have recognized the fundamental right of parents to make decisions concerning the care, custody, and control of their children . . . In light of this extensive precedent, it cannot now be doubted that the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment protects the fundamental right of parents to make decisions concerning the care, custody, and control of their children. Troxel v. Granville, 530 U.S. 57, 66 (2000) (plurality op.). (I) The Due Process Clause does not permit a State to infringe on the fundamental right of parents to make child rearing decisions simply because a state judge believes a better decision could be made. Troxel, 530 U.S. at 72–73 (plurality op.). (7) Some decisions of Federal courts have failed to recognize the fundamental right of parents, resulting in an improper standard of judicial review being applied to government conduct that adversely affects parental rights and prerogatives. (8) Government agencies have increasingly intruded into the legitimate decisions and prerogatives of parents in situations that do not involve abuse or neglect but simply an agency’s disagreement with parenting choices based on decent and honorable religious or philosophical premises. (9) Government’s involvement in parenting should prioritize the parent’s role as the child’s primary educator and should support, not supplant, the parent’s rights and responsibilities. (10) Government should not interfere in the decisions and actions of parents without compelling justification. (11) The strict scrutiny test used by courts to evaluate cases concerning fundamental rights is the correct standard of review for government actions that interfere with the right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children, and it appropriately balances the interests of parents, children, and government. (b) Purposes The purposes of this Act are— (1) to protect the right of parents to direct the upbringing of their children as a fundamental right; and (2) while protecting the right of parents, to acknowledge that the rights involve responsibilities and specifically that parents have the responsibility for the education, nurture, and upbringing of their children as specified by the Supreme Court in Meyer v. Nebraska, 262 U.S. 390, 400 (1923), Wisconsin v. Yoder, 406 U.S. 205, 232 (1972), and Washington v. Glucksberg, 521 U.S. 702, 720 (1997), and have the high duty to recognize and prepare their children for additional obligations as specified by the Supreme Court in Pierce v. Soc’y of the Sisters of the Holy Names of JesusMary, 268 U.S. 510, 535 (1925). 3. Definitions In this Act: (1) Government The term government includes a branch, department, agency, instrumentality, and official (or other person acting under color of law) of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and each territory and possession of the United States. (2) Parent The term parent means a biological parent of a child, an adoptive parent of a child, or an individual who has been granted exclusive right and authority over the welfare of a child under State law. (3) Child The term child means an individual who has not attained 18 years of age. (4) Substantial burden The term substantial burden — (A) means any action that directly or indirectly constrains, inhibits, curtails, or denies the right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their child or compels any action contrary to the right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their child; and (B) includes withholding benefits, assessing criminal, civil, or administrative penalties or damages, or exclusion from governmental programs. 4. Protection of parental rights (a) In general (1) Fundamental right The liberty of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children is a fundamental right. (2) Limits on government interference Government shall not substantially burden the fundamental right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children without demonstrating that the infringement is required by a compelling governmental interest of the highest order as applied to the parent and the child and is the least restrictive means of furthering that compelling governmental interest. The fundamental rights protected include, without limitation, the following rights and responsibilities: (A) To direct the education of the child. (B) To direct the moral or religious upbringing of the child. (C) To access and review all medical records of the child and to make and consent to all physical and mental health care decisions for the child. (3) Effect of this Act on other rights Unless legally waived or legally terminated, parents have inalienable rights that are more comprehensive than those listed in this section. This Act does not prescribe all rights of parents, nor does it preempt or foreclose claims or remedies in support of parental rights that are available under any other Federal law, State law, the United States Constitution, or a State constitution. (b) Exceptions This section does not apply to a parental action or decision that would result in serious physical injury to the child or that would end life. (c) Judicial remedy Any parent may raise a violation of this Act as a claim or a defense in an action in a Federal or State court or before an administrative tribunal and obtain appropriate relief against a government. Standing to assert a claim or defense under this section shall be governed by the general rules of standing under article III of the Constitution. 5. Attorneys fees (a) Judicial Proceedings Section 722(b) of the Revised Statutes ( 42 U.S.C. 1988(b) ) is amended by inserting the Families’ Rights and Responsibilities Act, before title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . (b) Administrative Proceedings Section 504(b)(1)(C) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 and inserting any adjudication under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 or the Families’ Rights and Responsibilities Act . 6. Applicability (a) In General This Act applies to each Federal law, and the implementation of any such law, whether statutory or otherwise, and whether adopted before or after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) Rule of construction (1) Additional rights The protections of the fundamental right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children afforded by this Act are in addition to the protections provided under Federal law, State law, and the State and Federal constitutions. (2) Broad protection This Act shall be construed in favor of a broad protection of the fundamental right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children. (3) No government burden Nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize any government to burden the fundamental right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and health care of their children. (4) Subsequently enacted laws Federal statutory law adopted after the date of the enactment of this Act is subject to this Act, unless such law explicitly excludes such application by reference to this Act.

119 S209 IS: Protecting Minors from Medical Malpractice Act of 2025 U.S. Senate 2025-01-23 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 209 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES January 23, 2025 Mr. Cotton (for himself, Mr. Banks , Mr. Sheehy , and Mr. Mullin ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To protect children from medical malpractice in the form of gender-transition procedures. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protecting Minors from Medical Malpractice Act of 2025 . 2. Private right of action for a gender-transition procedure performed on a minor (a) In general A medical practitioner, in any circumstance described in subsection (c), who performs a gender-transition procedure on an individual who is less than 18 years of age shall, as described in subsection (b), be liable to the individual if injured (including any physical, psychological, emotional, or physiological harms) by such procedure, related treatment, or the aftereffects of the procedure or treatment. (b) Private right of action An individual covered by subsection (a) who receives a gender-transition procedure from a medical practitioner (or a representative, including a legal guardian, on behalf of such individual) may, not later than the day that is 30 years after the date on which the individual turns 18 years of age, bring a civil action against such medical practitioner in a court of competent jurisdiction for— (1) declaratory or injunctive relief; (2) compensatory damages; (3) punitive damages; and (4) attorney’s fees and costs. (c) Circumstances For the purposes of subsection (a), the circumstances described in this subsection are that— (1) the medical practitioner or the individual receiving the gender-transition procedure traveled in interstate or foreign commerce, or traveled using a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (2) the medical practitioner used a means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); (3) any payment of any kind was made, directly or indirectly, in furtherance of or in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce; (4) the medical practitioner transmitted in interstate or foreign commerce any communication relating to or in furtherance of the conduct described in subsection (a) using any means, channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means or in any manner, including by computer, mail, wire, or electromagnetic transmission; (5) any instrument, item, substance, or other object that has traveled in interstate or foreign commerce was used to perform the conduct described in subsection (a); (6) the conduct described in subsection (a) occurred within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, or any territory or possession of the United States; or (7) the conduct described in subsection (a) otherwise occurred in or affected interstate or foreign commerce. 3. Preserving freedom of conscience and medical judgement for medical providers Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no provision of Federal law shall require, or be construed to require, a medical practitioner to perform a gender-transition procedure. 4. Prohibition on funding for certain States Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any State that requires medical practitioners to perform any gender-transition procedure on an individual in the State shall be ineligible to receive any Federal funding from the Department of Health and Human Services. 5. Definitions In this Act: (1) Biological sex The term biological sex means the genetic classification of an individual as male or female, as reflected in the organization of the body of such individual for a reproductive role or capacity, such as through sex chromosomes, naturally occurring sex hormones, and internal and external genitalia present at birth, without regard to the subjective sense of identity of the individual. (2) Gender-transition procedure (A) In general Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term gender-transition procedure means— (i) the prescription or administration of puberty-blocking drugs for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual's biological sex; (ii) the prescription or administration of cross-sex hormones for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex; or (iii) a surgery to change the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex. (B) Exception The term gender-transition procedure does not include— (i) an intervention described in subparagraph (A) that is performed on— (I) an individual with biological sex characteristics that are inherently ambiguous, such as those born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or having both ovarian and testicular tissue; or (II) an individual with respect to whom a physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action, for a biological male or biological female; (ii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused or exacerbated by the performance of an intervention described in subparagraph (A) without regard to whether the intervention was performed in accordance with State or Federal law or whether the intervention is covered by the private right of action under section 2; or (iii) any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless the procedure is performed. (3) Medical practitioner The term medical practitioner means a person who is licensed, certified, or otherwise authorized by the laws of a State to administer health care in the ordinary course of the practice of the person’s profession. 6. Effective date This Act shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act.

119 S2091 IS: Restoring Lethality Act U.S. Senate 2025-06-17 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 2091 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES June 17, 2025 Mr. Tuberville introduced the followingbill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Armed Services A BILL To eliminate statutory provisions relating to diversity, equity, andinclusion in the Department of Defense. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Restoring Lethality Act . 2. Elimination of statutory provisions relatingto diversity, equity, and inclusion in the Department of Defense (a) Duties of Secretary of Defense Section 113 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; (2) in subsection (g)(1)(B)— (A) by striking clause (vii); and (B) by redesignating clauses (viii), (ix), and (x) as clauses (vii), (viii), and (ix), respectively; (3) in subsection (l)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking to measure— and all that follows through (C) the efforts and inserting to measure the efforts ; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking shall— and all that follows through (A) ensure that and inserting shall ensure that ; (ii) by striking the semicolon after extent practicable and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking subparagraphs (B) through (F); and (4) in subsection (m)— (A) by striking , disaggregated by gender, race, and ethnicity, each place it appears; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking disaggregated by gender, race, and ethnicity, ; and (C) in paragraph (9), by striking , gender, race, and ethnicity . (b) Chief diversity officer of the department of defense Section 147 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (c) Diversity in selection boards (1) Promotion selection boards Title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 573(b), by striking The members of a selection and all that follows through extent practicable. ; (B) in section 612(a)(1), by striking The members of a selection and all that follows through extent practicable. ; and (C) in section 14102(b), by striking The members of a selection and all that follows through extent practicable. . (2) Other selection boards Section 503(c) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ; 10 U.S.C. 573 note) is repealed. (d) Diversity in military leadership Section 656 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (e) Identification of gender or personal pronouns in official correspondence Section 986 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (f) Human relations training Section 2001(a)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking include and all that follows through the period and inserting shall include honor, excellence, courage, and commitment. . (g) Strategic plan for diversity and inclusion Section 529 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 10 U.S.C. 656 note) is repealed. (h) Senior advisors for diversity and inclusion for the military departments andcoast guard Section 913(b) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ; 10 U.S.C. 147 note) is repealed. (i) Conforming amendment Section 118(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking to carry out— and all that follows through (2) guidance and inserting to carry out guidance .

119 S2251 IS: Say No to Indoctrination Act U.S. Senate 2025-07-10 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 2251 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES July 10, 2025 Mr. Risch (for himself, Mr. Crapo , Mr. Marshall , Mr. Schmitt , Mr. Budd , Mr. Tuberville , Mr. Hawley , and Mr. Sheehy ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions A BILL To amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to prevent the use of funds under such Act to teach or advance concepts related to gender ideology, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Say No to Indoctrination Act . 2. Prohibition on teaching gender ideology Section 8526 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7906 ) is amendedâ€” (1) in paragraph (6), by striking or ; (2) by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (8); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (6) the following: (7) to teach or advance concepts related to gender ideology, as defined in section 2 of Executive Order 14168 (90 Fed. Reg. 8615; relating to defending women from gender ideology extremism and restoring biological truth to the Federal government); or .

119 S312 IS: Jamie Reed Protecting Our Kids from Child Abuse Act U.S. Senate 2025-01-29 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 312 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES January 29, 2025 Mr. Hawley (for himself and Mr. Cruz ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To establish a Federal tort against pediatric gender clinics and other entities pushing gender-transition procedures that cause bodily injury to children or harm the mental health of children. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Jamie Reed Protecting Our Kids from Child Abuse Act . 2. Federal tort for harm to children caused by gender-transition procedures (a) Definitions In this section: (1) Gender transition procedure (A) In general Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term gender-transition procedure means— (i) the prescription or administration of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists or any other puberty-blocking drugs for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual's biological sex of male or female; (ii) the prescription or administration of testosterone (when prescribed to a female) or estrogen (when prescribed to a male) for the purpose of changing the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex of male or female; or (iii) a surgery to change the body of an individual so that it conforms to the subjective sense of identity of the individual, in the case such identity is at odds with the individual’s biological sex of male or female. (B) Exception The term gender-transition procedure does not include— (i) an intervention described in subparagraph (A) that is performed on— (I) an individual with biological sex characteristics that are inherently ambiguous, such as those born with 46 XX chromosomes with virilization, 46 XY chromosomes with undervirilization, or having both ovarian and testicular tissue; or (II) an individual with respect to whom a physician has determined through genetic or biochemical testing that the individual does not have normal sex chromosome structure, sex steroid hormone production, or sex steroid hormone action, for a biological male or biological female; (ii) the treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused or exacerbated by the performance of an intervention described in subparagraph (A) without regard to whether the intervention was performed in accordance with State or Federal law or whether the intervention is covered by the private right of action under subsection (c); or (iii) any procedure undertaken because the individual suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the individual in imminent danger of death or impairment of major bodily function unless the procedure is performed. (2) Hospital The term hospital has the meaning given such term in section 1861(e) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1395x(e) ). (3) Institution of higher education The term institution of higher education has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 ). (4) Medical practitioner The term medical practitioner means a person who is licensed, certified, or otherwise authorized by the laws of a State to administer health care in the ordinary course of the practice of the person’s profession. (5) Minor The term minor means an individual who has not yet reached 18 years of age. (6) Pediatric gender clinic The term pediatric gender clinic means a medical facility that specializes in the diagnosis or treatment of gender discordance and gender dysphoria in minors, including medical interventions such as therapeutic diagnosis of gender dysphoria and performance of (or referral for) gender-transition procedures on minors. (b) Liability The following individuals and entities shall be liable in accordance with this section to any individual who suffers bodily injury or harm to mental health (including any physical, psychological, emotional, or physiological harm) that is attributable, in whole or in part, to a gender-transition procedure performed on the individual when the individual was a minor: (1) A pediatric gender clinic where the gender-transition procedure was provided. (2) Any medical practitioner who administered health care, at the time of the particular procedure, at the pediatric gender clinic where the gender-transition procedure was provided. (3) An institution of higher education that hosts, operates, partners with, provides funding to, or is otherwise affiliated with the pediatric gender clinic where the gender-transition procedure was provided. (4) A hospital that hosts, operates, partners with, provides funding to, or is otherwise affiliated with the pediatric gender clinic where the gender-transition procedure was provided. (5) Any medical practitioner who performed the gender-transition procedure on the individual. (c) Private right of action An individual who suffers bodily injury or harm to mental health that is attributable, in whole or in part, to a gender-transition procedure provided to the individual when the individual was a minor may, not later than 30 years after the date on which the individual turns 18 years of age, bring a civil action against an individual or entity described in subsection (b), in an appropriate district court of the United States or a State court of competent jurisdiction for— (1) compensatory damages; (2) punitive damages; and (3) attorney’s fees and costs. (d) Affirmative defense It shall be an affirmative defense to an action brought by or on behalf of an individual upon whom a gender-transition procedure was performed under subsection (c) that the pediatric gender clinic or medical practitioner who performed the gender-transition procedure on the individual, at all relevant times, did not know and had no reason to know that the individual in question was a minor. 3. Prohibition on funding No Federal funds may be made available— (1) to a pediatric gender clinic; (2) to an institution of higher education or hospital that hosts, operates, partners with, provides funding to, or is otherwise affiliated with, a pediatric gender clinic; or (3) for any gender-transition procedure performed on a minor. 4. Effective date and retroactive application This Act shall— (1) take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) apply to any gender-transition procedure that took place before, on, or after the effective date under paragraph (1). 5. Severability If any provision of this Act, or the application of such provision to any person or circumstance, is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder of this Act, and the application of the remaining provisions of this Act, to any person or circumstance, shall not be affected.

106 S382 IS: Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 U.S. Senate 2025-02-04 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 382 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES February 4, 2025 Mr. Schmitt (for himself, Mr. Cotton , Mr. Lankford , Mr. Daines , Mr. Tuberville , Mrs. Blackburn , Mr. Marshall , Ms. Lummis , Mr. Cassidy , Mr. Risch , Mr. Cramer , Mr. Banks , Mr. Sheehy , Mrs. Hyde-Smith , Mr. Scott of Florida , Mr. Lee , Mr. Crapo , Mr. Johnson , Mr. Hawley , and Mr. Budd ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs A BILL To ensure equal protection of the law, to prevent racism in the Federal Government, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 . 2. Table of contents The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. Prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice defined. TITLE I—Federal Offices and Personnel Sec. 101. Executive orders and memoranda rescinded. Sec. 102. Office of Personnel Management. Sec. 103. Office of Management and Budget. Sec. 104. Prohibited use of funds. Sec. 105. DEI offices closed. Sec. 106. Prohibited personnel practices. TITLE II—Federal Training Sec. 201. Government-wide training. Sec. 202. Use of funds. TITLE III—Federal Contracting Sec. 301. Required contract terms. Sec. 302. Prohibition on discrimination. Sec. 303. Prohibited use of funds. TITLE IV—Federal Grants and Cooperative Agreements Sec. 401. Required grant agreement terms. Sec. 402. Required cooperative agreement terms. TITLE V—Federal Advisory Committees Sec. 501. Prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practices. Sec. 502. Administrator responsibilities. Sec. 503. Agency head responsibilities. TITLE VI—Education Sec. 601. Standards for accreditation of accrediting agencies and associations. Sec. 602. Prohibited use of funds by the Secretary of Education. TITLE VII—Other Matters Sec. 701. Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Federal Home Loan Banks, and Federal Housing Finance Agency. Sec. 702. Capital markets regulation; corporate boards; self-regulatory organizations. Sec. 703. Health and Human Services. Sec. 704. Repeal of diversity, equity, and inclusion programs of Department of Defense. Sec. 705. Department of Homeland Security and Coast Guard. Sec. 706. Director of National Intelligence. TITLE VIII—Enforcement; severability Sec. 801. Enforcement; private cause of action. Sec. 802. Severability. 3. Prohibited diversity, equity or inclusion practice defined The Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000a et seq. ) is amended by adding at the end the following: XII Prohibited diversity, equity or inclusion practice defined 1201. Prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice For purposes of references to this section, the term prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice means— (1) discriminating for or against any person on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin; (2) requiring as a condition of employment, as a condition for promotion or advancement, or as a condition for speaking, making a presentation, or submitting written materials, that an employee undergo training, education, or coursework, or other pedagogy, that asserts that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; or (3) requiring as a condition of employment, as a condition for promotion or advancement, or as a condition for speaking, making a presentation, or submitting written materials, the signing of or assent to a statement, code of conduct, work program, or plan, or similar device that requires assent by the employee that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged. . I Federal Offices and Personnel 101. Executive orders and memoranda rescinded (a) Rescinded Executive Orders and memoranda (1) In general With respect to an Executive order or memoranda described in paragraph (2), the Executive order or memoranda— (A) shall not have any legal effect; and (B) is revoked in its entirety; and (2) Executive orders and memoranda described The Executive orders and memoranda described in this paragraph are the following: (A) Executive Order 13985 ( 5 U.S.C. 601 note; relating to advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government). (B) Executive Order 13988 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e note; relating to preventing and combating discrimination on the basis of gender identity or sexual orientation). (C) Executive Order 14020, ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e note; relating to the establishment of the White House Gender Policy Council). (D) Executive Order 14031 ( 42 U.S.C. 3501 note; relating to advancing equity, justice, and opportunity for Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders). (E) Executive Order 14035 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e note; relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility in the Federal workforce). (F) Executive Order 14091 ( 5 U.S.C. 601 note; relating to further advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the Federal Government). (G) The National Security Memorandum on Revitalizing America’s Foreign Policy and National Security Workforce, Institutions, and Partnerships (NSM–03) , dated February 4, 2021. (H) The National Security Memorandum on Advancing the Human Rights of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, and Intersex Persons Around the World (NSM–04) , dated February 4, 2021. (b) Carrying out rescinded executive orders and memoranda The head of an executive agency, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, may not carry out an Executive order or memorandum described in subsection (a)(2). (c) Programs and office (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of a Federal agency under which any program or office carries out an Executive order or memorandum described in subsection (a)(2) between the date of enactment of this Act and 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act shall close, terminate, and wind up the program or office. (2) No reassignment The head of a Federal agency that closes, terminates, and winds up a program or office under paragraph (1)— (A) shall undertake an appropriate reduction in force; and (B) may not transfer, reassign, or redesignate any employee or contractor with a position or function that is eliminated by operation of this subsection. 102. Office of Personnel Management (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall— (1) revise all regulations, policies, procedures, manuals, circulars, courses, training, and guidance of the Office such that all such material is in compliance with and consistent with this Act and the amendments made by this Act; (2) revise so as to effectively rescind all regulations, policies, procedures, manuals, circulars, courses, training, and guidance of the Office that were promulgated, adopted, or implemented to comply with the Executive orders and memoranda described in section 101(a)(2); (3) terminate, close, and wind up the Office of Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility of the Office of Personnel Management (referred to in this paragraph as ODEIA ) and undertake an appropriate reduction in force with respect to, and not transfer, reassign, or redesignate any, employees or contractors of ODEIA, the positions or functions of whom are eliminated by operation of this Act or the amendments made by this Act; and (4) terminate, close, and wind up the Chief Diversity Officers Executive Council and undertake an appropriate reduction in force with respect to, and not transfer, reassign, or redesignate any, employees or contractors of that Council, the positions or functions of whom are eliminated by operation of this Act or the amendments made by this Act. (b) Chief Diversity Officers Executive Council charter Effective on the date of enactment of this Act, the charter of the Chief Diversity Officers Executive Council is revoked. (c) Prohibition on racism in Government Section 1104 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (d) (1) In this subsection, the term prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice has the meaning given the term in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. (2) Racist behavior and racist training in the Government are prohibited, including any of the following: (A) Discriminating for or against any person on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin. (B) Training, education, coursework, or use of other pedagogy, that asserts that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged. (C) Maintaining an office, bureau, division, or other organization to further promote or enforce a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice. (D) Retaining or employing a consultant or advisor to further promote or enforce a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice. (E) Maintaining a rule, a regulation, a policy, guidance, a guideline, management control, a practice, a requirement, training, education, coursework, or a similar device to further promote or enforce a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice. (F) Requiring as a condition of employment, as a condition for promotion or advancement, or as a condition for speaking, making a presentation, or submitting written materials, the signing of or assent to a statement, code of conduct, work program, or plan, or similar device that requires assent by the employee that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged. (3) The Office shall establish standards that shall— (A) apply to the activities of the Office or any other agency under authority delegated under subsection (a); (B) prohibit racist behavior and racist training in the Government, as described in paragraph (2) of this subsection; (C) ensure compliance with this subsection; (D) ensure compliance with section 717 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e–16 ); and (E) be in accordance with the merit system principles under section 2301. (4) The Office shall establish and maintain an oversight program to ensure that activities under any authority delegated under subsection (a)— (A) prohibit racist behavior and racist training in the Government, as described in paragraph (2) of this subsection; (B) ensure compliance with this subsection; (C) ensure compliance with section 717 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e–16 ); and (D) are in accordance with the merit system principles under section 2301. . 103. Office of Management and Budget Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall— (1) revise all regulations, policies, procedures, manuals, circulars, courses, training, and guidance of the Office of Management and Budget to ensure those regulations, policies, procedures, manuals, circulars, courses, training, and guidance are in compliance and consistent with this Act and the amendments made by this Act; (2) rescind all regulations, policies, procedures, manuals, circulars, courses, training, and guidance of the Office of Management and Budget that were promulgated, adopted, or implemented to comply with the Executive orders and memoranda described in section 101(a)(2); and (3) rescind the version of Circular A–4 of the Office of Management and Budget adopted on November 9, 2023. 104. Prohibited use of funds (a) Agency defined In this chapter, the term agency has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44. (b) Stopping racism in the Federal Government (1) In general No Federal funds appropriated or otherwise made available by law shall be used for the purpose of maintaining in any agency an— (A) office relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; or (B) a substantially similar office. (2) Prohibition No Federal funds appropriated or otherwise made available by law shall be used for the purposes of— (A) maintaining in any agency the Chief Diversity Officers Executive Council or a substantially similar council; (B) maintaining or employing in any agency a chief diversity officer or a substantially similar officer; (C) subject to paragraph (3), developing, implementing, distributing, or publishing in any agency— (i) plans, strategic plan, reports, or surveys relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility; and (ii) action plans, reports, or surveys relating to equity or substantially similar plans, reports, or surveys; (D) developing, implementing, or maintaining in any agency an employee resource group or an affinity group based on race, color, ethnicity, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, or gender identity; (E) developing, implementing, or maintaining in any agency an agency equity team or a substantially similar team; (F) maintaining the White House Environmental Justice Interagency Council or a substantially similar Council; (G) maintaining the Equitable Data Working Group or substantially similar group; (H) developing, implementing, distributing, publishing, establishing, or purchasing in any agency— (i) a training course relating to— (I) diversity; (II) equity; (III) inclusion; (IV) a critical theory relating to race, gender, or otherwise; or (V) intersectionality; or (ii) a training course substantiality similar to a training course described in clause (i); (I) developing, implementing, or maintaining in any agency a diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility data dashboard or a substantially similar data dashboard; (J) maintaining within the Office of Personnel Management a council relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; or (K) maintaining or employing in any agency a position relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility. (3) Exception The prohibition under paragraph (2)(C) shall not apply to a plan, report, or survey required by law. (4) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent the maintenance and funding of— (A) Equal Employment Opportunity offices as historically organized and operated; or (B) an office enforcing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. ) or similar programs or offices as historically organized and operated. 105. DEI offices closed (a) In general Not later than 90 days after date of enactment of this Act, the head of any Federal agency that has an office relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility— (1) shall— (A) terminate, close, and wind up that office; and (B) undertake an appropriate reduction in force; and (2) may not transfer, reassign, or redesignate any employee or contractor with a position or function that is eliminated by operation of this subsection. (b) Application Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent the maintenance and funding of— (1) Equal Employment Opportunity offices as historically organized and operated; or (2) an office enforcing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. ) or similar programs or offices as historically organized and operated. 106. Prohibited personnel practices (a) In general Section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (13)(B), by striking or at the end; (2) in paragraph (14), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or ; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (14) the following: (15) take or fail to take, or threaten to take or fail to take, any personnel action against any employee or applicant for employment because of the failure of the employee or applicant to— (A) complete training with respect to diversity, equity, or inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; (B) complete training that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; (C) sign or assent to (which may be by executing or acknowledging) a statement, code of conduct, work program, plan, or similar device with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; (D) sign or assent to (which may be by executing or acknowledging) a statement, code of conduct, work program, plan, or similar device that asserts or requires assent by the employee or applicant that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; (E) take any other action that would require the treatment of any individual advantageously or disadvantageously on the basis of that individual’s race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin; or (F) limit, segregate, or classify employees or applicants for employment in any way that would deprive or tend to deprive any individual of an employment opportunity, or otherwise adversely affect the status of the individual as an employee, because of the race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin of the individual. . (b) Performance appraisal systems Section 4302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (e) A performance appraisal system may not adversely evaluate an employee for the failure of the employee to— (1) complete training with respect to diversity, equity, or inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; (2) complete training that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; (3) sign or assent to (which may be by executing or acknowledging) a statement, code of conduct, work program, plan, or similar device with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; (4) sign or assent to (which may be by executing or acknowledging) a statement, code of conduct, work program, plan, or similar device that asserts or requires assent by the employee that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; (5) take any other action that would require the treatment of any individual advantageously or disadvantageously on the basis of that individual’s race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin; or (6) limit, segregate, or classify employees or applicants for employment in any way that would deprive or tend to deprive any individual of an employment opportunity, or otherwise adversely affect the status of the individual as an employee, because of the race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin of the individual. . (c) SES performance appraisal systems Section 4312 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (e) A performance appraisal system may not adversely evaluate a senior executive for the failure of the senior executive to— (1) complete training with respect to diversity, equity, or inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; (2) complete training that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; (3) sign or assent to (which may be by executing or acknowledging) a statement, code of conduct, work program, plan, or similar device with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; (4) sign or assent to (which may be by executing or acknowledging) a statement, code of conduct, work program, plan, or similar device that asserts or requires assent by the senior executive that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged; (5) take any other action that would require the treatment of any individual advantageously or disadvantageously on the basis of that individual’s race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin; or (6) limit, segregate, or classify employees or applicants for employment in any way that would deprive or tend to deprive any individual of an employment opportunity, or otherwise adversely affect the status of the individual as an employee, because of the race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin of the individual. . II Federal Training 201. Government-wide training (a) In general Section 4103 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (d) No training program or plan may be developed, implemented, distributed, published, established, or purchased under this section— (1) with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; or (2) that asserts or requires the trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged. (e) No employee may be required to complete training under a program or plan established under this section— (1) with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; or (2) that asserts or requires the trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged. . (b) Regulations Section 4118 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by striking This section and inserting Except as provided in subsection (d), this section ; and (2) by adding at the end the following: (d) The Office shall, in the regulations prescribed under this section, provide that no training program or plan may be developed, implemented, distributed, published, established, or purchased— (1) with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion, critical theory (relating to race, gender, or otherwise), intersectionality, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any substantially similar theory or policy; or (2) that asserts or requires the trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior or inferior, oppressive or oppressed, or privileged or unprivileged. . 202. Use of funds No funds appropriated or otherwise made available by law shall be used for the purpose of developing, implementing, distributing, publishing or purchasing in any Federal agency a training course— (1) relating to— (A) diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility; (B) a critical theory relating to race, gender, or otherwise; or (C) intersectionality, sexual orientation, or gender identity; or (2) that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior, inferior, oppressive, oppressed, privileged, or unprivileged. III Federal Contracting 301. Required contract terms (a) Contracts exceeding $10,000 Section 6502 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (5) Prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice No part of the contract will be performed, and no materials, supplies, articles, or equipment will be manufactured or fabricated under the contract, in plants, factories, buildings, or surroundings, under working conditions or in a working environment, provided by or under the control or supervision of a contractor or any subcontractor who is subject to, or required to comply with, a prohibited diversity, equity or inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964). . (b) Contracts in other amounts Section 6703 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (6) Prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice The contract and bid specification shall contain a provision specifying that no part of the services covered by this chapter may be performed in buildings or surroundings, under working conditions or in a working environment, provided by or under the control or supervision of a contractor or any subcontractor who is subject to, or required to comply with, a prohibited diversity, equity or inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964). . 302. Prohibition on discrimination (a) In general Section 122 of title 40, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 122. Prohibition on discrimination (a) Prohibition (1) Discrimination prohibited With respect to a program or activity carried out or receiving Federal assistance under this subtitle, an individual may not be, based on race, color, biological sex, ethnicity, religion, or national origin— (A) excluded from participation; (B) denied benefits; or (C) otherwise discriminated against. (2) Prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practices With respect to a program or activity carried out or receiving Federal assistance under this subtitle, an individual may not be subject to or required to comply with a prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964). (b) Enforcement (1) In general The heads of Federal agencies shall enforce subsection (a) through rules, regulations, policies, and other executive actions of the agency that are similar to rules, regulations, policies, and other executive actions established with respect to racial and other discrimination under title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq. ). (2) Rule of construction Any enforcement under paragraph (1) shall not be construed to bar an individual from pursuing any other legal remedy available to the individual as a result of an action constituting a violation of subsection (a). . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 122 and inserting the following: 122. Prohibition on discrimination. . 303. Prohibited use of funds (a) Prohibition No funds appropriated or otherwise made available by Federal law may be used by a Federal contractor for purpose of— (1) maintaining an office relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility or a substantially similar office; (2) maintaining or employing a chief diversity officer or a substantially similar officer; or (3) developing, implementing, distributing, publishing or purchasing— (A) a training course relating to— (i) diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; (ii) a critical theory relating to race, gender, or otherwise; (iii) intersectionality; or (iv) sexual orientation or gender identity; (B) a training course that is substantially similar to a training course described in subparagraph (A); or (C) a training course that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior, inferior, oppressive, oppressed, privileged, or unprivileged. (b) Rule of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent— (1) the maintenance and funding of an Equal Employment Opportunity office, as historically organized and operated; (2) an office enforcing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. ) or similar programs or offices as historically organized and operated; or (3) a Federal contractor from using non-Federal funds as the Federal contractor so determines. IV Federal Grants and Cooperative Agreements 401. Required grant agreement terms (a) In general Chapter 63 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 6310. Grants and grant agreements (a) Grant Agreement Required Terms The head of an executive agency may not provide a grant to any recipient unless the head of the executive agency and the recipient enter into a grant agreement that contains a provision specifying that no funds appropriated or otherwise made available by Federal law shall be used by the grant recipient for purpose of— (1) maintaining an office relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; (2) maintaining or employing a chief diversity officer or a substantially similar officer; (3) developing, implementing, distributing, publishing, or purchasing— (A) a training course relating to— (i) diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; (ii) a critical theory relating to race, gender, or otherwise; (iii) intersectionality; or (iv) sexual orientation or gender identity; (B) a training course substantially similar to the training courses described in subparagraph (A); or (C) a training course that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, religion, ethnicity, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior, inferior, oppressive, oppressed, privileged or unprivileged; or (4) engaging in a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964). (b) Equal Employment Opportunity Offices Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent— (1) the maintenance and funding of an Equal Employment Opportunity office, as historically organized and operated; (2) an office enforcing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. ) or similar programs or offices as historically organized and operated; or (3) a recipient of a grant from an executive agency from using non-Federal funds as the recipient so determines. (c) Application to HBCUs Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent the maintenance and funding of Historically Black Colleges and Universities. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for chapter 63 of title 31, United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following: 6310. Grants and grant agreements. . 402. Required cooperative agreement terms (a) In general Chapter 63 of title 31, United States Code, as amended by section 401(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 6311. Cooperative agreements (a) Cooperative Agreement Required Terms The head of an executive agency may not enter into a cooperative agreement with a party unless the cooperative agreement contains a provision specifying that no funds appropriated or otherwise made available by Federal law shall be used by any party to the cooperative agreement for purpose of— (1) maintaining an office relating to diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; (2) maintaining or employing a chief diversity officer or a substantially similar officer; (3) developing, implementing, distributing, publishing, or purchasing— (A) a training course relating to— (i) diversity, equity, inclusion, or accessibility; (ii) a critical theory relating to race, gender, or otherwise; (iii) intersectionality; or (iv) sexual orientation or gender identity; (B) a training course substantially similar to the training courses described in subparagraph (A); or (C) a training course that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color, religion, ethnicity, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior, inferior, oppressive, oppressed, privileged or unprivileged; or (4) engaging in a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.). (b) Equal Employment Opportunity Offices Nothing in this section shall be construed to— (1) prevent the maintenance and funding of an Equal Employment Opportunity office, as historically organized and operated; (2) an office enforcing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. ) or similar programs or offices as historically organized and operated; or (3) prevent a party to an cooperative agreement with an executive agency from using non-Federal funds as the party so determines. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for chapter 63 of title 31, United States Code, as amended by section 401(b), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 6311. Cooperative agreements. . V Federal Advisory Committees 501. Prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practices (a) In general Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Federal Advisory Committee Act ), is amended by adding at the end the following: 1015. Diversity, equity, and inclusion practices (a) Prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practice defined In this section, the term prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice has the meaning given that term in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. (b) Prohibition The following may not authorize, permit, or implement a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice with respect to any advisory committee established by the head of an agency: (1) The Administrator. (2) The agency head. (3) The chair of the advisory committee. (4) The advisory committee. (c) Termination of committee (1) Finding by Administrator With respect to an advisory committee, if the Administrator finds that the applicable agency head, the chair of the advisory committee, or the advisory committee authorized, permitted, or implemented a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice, then the advisory committee shall terminate not later than 30 days after the Administrator makes such finding. (2) Finding by Inspector General With respect to an advisory committee, if the Inspector General for the agency that established the advisory committee finds that the applicable agency head, chair of the advisory committee, or the advisory committee authorized, permitted, or implemented a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice, then the advisory committee shall terminate not later than 30 days after the Inspector General makes such finding. (d) Action (1) In general Any person may bring an action in any United States district court seeking a determination that the Administrator, any agency head, any chair of an advisory committee, or any advisory committee authorized, permitted, or implemented a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice with respect to an advisory committee. (2) Order directing termination of advisory committee If after an evidentiary hearing, a court determines that the defendant authorized, permitted, or implemented a prohibited diversity, equity, or inclusion practice, the court shall issue an order directing the Administrator to immediately terminate that advisory committee. (3) Additional awards In an action brought under this subsection in which the plaintiff prevails, the court may award— (A) a Writ of Mandamus or other equitable or declaratory relief; (B) a minimum of $1,000 per violation per day; (C) reasonable attorney’s fees and litigation costs; (D) compensatory damages; and (E) all other appropriate relief. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of sections for chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1014 the following: 1015. Diversity, equity, and inclusion practices. . 502. Administrator responsibilities (a) Compliance Subsection (b)(1) of section 1006 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking the word or at the end; (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; or ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (E) whether the committee is in compliance with the Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 . . (b) Guidelines and management controls Section 1006 of title 5, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: (f) Guidelines and management controls related to the End Racism in Federal Advisory Committees Act The Administrator shall— (1) prescribe administrative guidelines and management controls applicable to advisory committees to enforce the requirements of the Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 ; and (2) ensure that the Committee Management Secretariat complies with and enforces the requirements of the Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 . . (c) Revised rules, regulations and guidance Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall ensure that all rules, regulations, policies, guidance, guidelines, management controls, governing documents, practices, requirements, training, education, coursework, or similar devices are revised to the extent that they are inconsistent with this Act. 503. Agency head responsibilities (a) Agency head responsibilities Subsection (a) of section 1007 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: Each agency head shall establish uniform administrative guidelines and management controls to ensure compliance with the Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 . . (b) Compliance Subsection (b) of section 1007 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking and at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (4) ensure compliance with the Dismantle DEI Act of 2025 . . VI Education 601. Standards for accreditation of accrediting agencies and associations Section 496(c) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1099b(c) ) is amended— (1) in paragraph (8), by striking and at the end; (2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (10) confirms that the standards for accreditation of the agency or association do not— (A) require, encourage, or coerce any institution of higher education to engage in prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practices (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964); (B) assess the commitment of an institution of higher education to any ideology, belief, or viewpoint; (C) prohibit or discourage an institution of higher education from engaging in activity protected by the Constitution, including having a religious mission, operating as a religious institution, or being controlled by or associated with a religious organization; or (D) discriminate against an institution of higher education for engaging in religious speech, religious practice, or religious exercise. . 602. Prohibited use of funds by the Secretary of Education Section 8527 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7907 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (e) Prohibition; Rules of Construction (1) Prohibition None of the funds provided to the Secretary of Education under this Act may be used by the Secretary, including through a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, to— (A) maintain an Office of Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility, an Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, an Office of Diversity and Inclusion, a Diversity Office or a substantially similar office; (B) maintain or employ a Chief Diversity Officer or substantially similar officer; (C) develop, implement, distribute, publish, or purchase a training course or substantially similar course relating to any of the following— (i) diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility (DEIA); (ii) diversity, equity, and inclusion; (iii) diversity and inclusion; (iv) diversity; (v) critical theory (race, gender, or otherwise); (vi) intersectionality; or (vii) sexual orientation or gender identity; or (D) develop, implement, distribute, publish, or purchase a training course or substantially similar course that asserts or requires trainees to assert that a particular race, color ethnicity, religion, biological sex, or national origin is inherently or systemically superior, inferior, oppressive or oppressed, privileged or unprivileged. (2) Rules of construction Nothing in this section shall be construed to— (A) prohibit the maintenance and funding of Equal Employment Opportunity offices or officers, as historically organized and operated; (B) prohibit the maintenance and funding of offices enforcing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 or similar programs or offices, as historically organized and operated; or (C) impact the use of non-Federal funds by a contractor of the Department of Education or by a grant recipient of funds from the Secretary of Education. . VII Other Matters 701. Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Federal Home Loan Banks, and Federal Housing Finance Agency Section 1319A of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 ( 12 U.S.C. 4520 ) is repealed. 702. Capital markets regulation; corporate boards; self-regulatory organizations (a) Repeal of Offices of Minority and Women Inclusion (1) In general Section 342 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( 12 U.S.C. 5452 ) is repealed. (2) Technical and conforming amendments (A) Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 Section 1016(c) of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 ( 12 U.S.C. 5496(c) ) is amended— (i) in paragraph (7), by adding and at the end; (ii) in paragraph (8), by striking ; and and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking paragraph (9). (B) Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act The table of contents for the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 342. (b) Boards of public companies subject to civil rights act Section 701 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ( 42 U.S.C. 2000e ) is amended by adding at the end of subsection (f) the following: The term employee includes any person who serves on a board of directors of an issuer that has a registration statement in effect as to a security under the Securities Act of 1933 and is compensated by the issuer. . (c) Prohibition on racism (1) In general The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ( Public Law 106–102 ) is amended by inserting after section 503 ( 15 U.S.C. 6803 ) the following: 503A. Prohibited diversity, equity and inclusion practices No Federal functional regulator shall engage in a prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964) or require (whether by regulation, enforcement action, guidance, examination or otherwise) that any person regulated by the Federal functional regulator engage in a prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practice. . (2) Clerical amendment The table of contents for the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ( Public Law 106–102 ) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 503 the following: Sec. 503A. Prohibited diversity, equity and inclusion practices. . (d) National securities associations Section 15A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 15 U.S.C. 78o–3 ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (o) Prohibited diversity, equity and inclusion practices No national securities association shall engage in a prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practice (as defined in section 1201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964) or require (whether by rule, enforcement action, guidance, examination, or otherwise) that any member of the national securities association engage in a prohibited diversity, equity, and inclusion practice. . (e) Community Development Advisory Board member requirements Section 104(d)(2)(G) of the Community Development Banking and Financial Institutions Act of 1994 ( 12 U.S.C. 4703(d)(2)(G) ) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking and racial, ethnic, and gender diversity . 703. Health and Human Services Section 821 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 296m ) is repealed. 704. Repeal of diversity, equity, and inclusion programs of Department of Defense (a) Repeal of reporting requirements on diversity and inclusion Section 113 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; (2) in subsection (g)(1)(B)— (A) by striking clause (vii); and (B) by redesignating clauses (viii), (ix), and (x) as clauses (vii), (viii), and (ix), respectively; and (3) by striking subsections (l) and (m) and by redesignating subsections (n) and (o) as subsections (l) and (m), respectively. (b) Repeal of Chief Diversity Officer (1) In general Section 147 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 4 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 147. (c) Repeal of program on diversity in military leadership (1) In general Section 656 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) Clerical amendment The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 37 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 656. 705. Department of Homeland Security and Coast Guard (a) In general Paragraph (3) of section 845(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 415(c) ) is repealed. (b) Coast Guard Section 1903(d)(2) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking , including diversity, inclusion, and issues regarding women specifically . 706. Director of National Intelligence Section 5704 of the Damon Paul Nelson and Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018, 2019, and 2020 ( 50 U.S.C. 3334b ) is repealed. VIII Enforcement; severability 801. Enforcement; private cause of action (a) Enforcement Any person alleging a violation of this Act may bring a civil action in any United States District Court. (b) Relief In a civil action brought under subsection (a) in which the plaintiff prevails, the court may award— (1) a Writ of Mandamus or other equitable or declaratory relief; (2) a minimum of $1,000 per violation per day; (3) reasonable attorney’s fees and litigation costs; (4) compensatory damages; and (5) all other appropriate relief. 802. Severability If any provision of this Act, an amendment made by this Act, or the application of such provision or amendment to any person or circumstance is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder of this Act, the amendments made by this Act, and the application of such provision or amendment to any person or circumstance shall not be affected thereby.

119 S405 IS: Protection of Women in Olympic and Amateur Sports Act U.S. Senate 2025-02-05 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 405 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES February 5, 2025 Mr. Tuberville introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation A BILL To modify eligibility requirements for amateur sports governing organizations. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Protection of Women in Olympic and Amateur Sports Act . 2. Eligibility requirements (a) Definition Section 220501(b) of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (13) female means an individual who has, had, will have—or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident—the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes eggs for fertilization. (14) male means an individual who has, had, will have—or would have, but for a developmental or genetic anomaly or historical accident—the reproductive system that at some point produces, transports, and utilizes sperm for fertilization. (15) sex means an individual’s biological sex, either male or female. . (b) Eligibility Section 220522 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking and at the end; (2) in paragraph (19), by striking the period and inserting ; and ; and (3) by adding at the end the following: (20) prohibits a person whose sex is male from participating in an amateur athletic competition that is designated for females, women, or girls. .

119 S576 IS: One Flag for All Act U.S. Senate 2025-02-13 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 576 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES February 13, 2025 Mr. Marshall (for himself, Mrs. Hyde-Smith , Ms. Lummis , and Mr. Wicker ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To prohibit the flying, draping, or other display of any flag other than the flag of the United States at covered public buildings, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the One Flag for All Act . 2. Prohibition on flags other than the flag of the United States (a) Definitions In this section: (1) Covered public building (A) In general Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term covered public building has the meaning given the term public building in section 3301(a) of title 40, United States Code. (B) Inclusions The term covered public building includes— (i) a building in use by the Senate or House of Representatives or otherwise under the jurisdiction of the Architect of the Capitol; (ii) a military installation; and (iii) any embassy or consulate of the United States. (2) Flag of the United States The term flag of the United States has the meaning given the term in section 700(b) of title 18, United States Code. (3) Military installation The term military installation has the meaning given the term in section 2801(c) of title 10, United States Code. (b) Prohibitions Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and except as provided in subsection (c), no flag that is not the flag of the United States may be flown, draped, or otherwise displayed— (1) on the exterior of a covered public building; or (2) in an area of a covered public building that is fully accessible to the public, including an entryway or hallway. (c) Exceptions The prohibitions under subsection (b) shall not apply to— (1) a National League of Families POW/MIA flag (as designated by section 902(a) of title 36, United States Code); (2) a Hostage and Wrongful Detainee flag (as designated by section 904(a) of title 36, United States Code); (3) any flag that represents the nation of a visiting diplomat or a representative of the government of that nation visiting the covered public building at which the flag is displayed; (4) in the case of a Member of Congress, the State flag of the State represented by the Member that is located outside or within the office of the Member; (5) any flag that represents a unit or branch of the Armed Forces or any flag that supports the Armed Forces; (6) any flag of historical significance to the United States, including the Betsy Ross flag, the Gadsden flag, and the Bennington flag; (7) any flag that represents public safety; (8) any flag commemorating a special national observance, including any 9/11 memorial, Remembrance Day, Veterans Day, or Memorial Day flag; (9) in the case of a religious liturgy or ceremony at a military installation or facility, any flag that represents a religious organization or church that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that Code; (10) in the case of a Federal agency, any flag that represents the Federal agency; (11) any flag that represents an Indian Tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5304 )); or (12) any flag that represents the State, territory, county, city, or local jurisdiction in which the covered public building is located.

119 S591 IS: Restore Merit to Government Service Act of 2025 U.S. Senate 2025-02-13 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 591 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES February 13, 2025 Mr. Scott of Florida (for himself, Mrs. Blackburn , Mrs. Hyde-Smith , and Mr. Tuberville ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs A BILL To reform the Federal hiring process, to restore merit to Government service, and for other purposes. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Restore Merit to Government Service Act of 2025 . 2. Definitions In this Act: (1) Administrator The term Administrator means the Administrator of the U.S. DOGE Service Temporary Organization, or the head of any successor organization. (2) Agency The term agency means the following: (A) Each of the Executive departments. (B) The Environmental Protection Agency. (C) The Office of Management and Budget. (D) The Small Business Administration. (E) The Social Security Administration. (F) The National Science Foundation. (G) The Office of Personnel Management. (H) The General Services Administration. (3) Executive departments The term Executive departments has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 5, United States Code. (4) Plan The term Plan means the Federal Hiring Plan developed under section 4(a). (5) Senior Executive Service position The term Senior Executive Service position has the meaning given the term in section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code. 3. Findings Congress finds the following: (1) The people of the United States deserve an excellent and efficient Federal workforce that attracts the highest caliber of civil servants committed to achieving the freedom, prosperity, and democratic rule promoted by the Constitution of the United States. (2) As of the date of enactment of this Act, the appointment practices of the Federal Government are broken, insular, and outdated and no longer focus on merit, practical skill, and dedication to the Constitution of the United States. (3) Appointments in the Federal Government should not be focused on impermissible factors, such as a commitment to— (A) illegal racial discrimination under the guise of equity ; or (B) the invented concept of gender identity over sex. (4) Inserting factors described in paragraph (3) into the Federal appointment process subverts the will of the people of the United States, puts critical Government functions at risk, and risks losing the best-qualified candidates. 4. Federal Hiring Plan (a) In general Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, and the Administrator, shall develop and submit to the head of each agency a Federal Hiring Plan that brings to the Federal workforce only highly skilled people of the United States who are dedicated to the furtherance of the ideals, values, and interests of the United States. (b) Contents The Plan shall— (1) prioritize the recruitment, by agencies, of individuals who are— (A) committed to— (i) improving the efficiency of the Federal Government; and (ii) upholding the rule of law and the Constitution of the United States; and (B) passionate about the ideals of the United States; (2) prevent the appointment, by an agency, of any individual— (A) based on the race, sex, or religion of the individual; or (B) who is unwilling to defend the Constitution of the United States or faithfully serve the executive branch of the Federal Government; (3) implement, to the greatest extent possible, technical and alternative assessments described in subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of section 3304(c)(2) of title 5, United States Code, for use by agencies; (4) establish that the amount of time to appoint an individual to a position in an agency shall be less than 80 days, as measured from the date on which the agency first lists the position; (5) improve communication with candidates for positions in agencies to provide greater clarity regarding application status, timelines, and feedback, including by providing regular updates on the progress of applications and explanations of appointment decisions, where appropriate; (6) integrate modern technology to support the recruitment and selection process at agencies, including— (A) through the use of data analytics to identify trends, gaps, and opportunities with respect to appointments; and (B) by leveraging digital platforms to improve candidate engagement; (7) ensure that the heads of agencies, or the designees of those agency heads, are active participants in implementing the processes established by the Plan throughout the appointment process; (8) include particularized a plan for each agency to improve the allocation of Senior Executive Service positions within the agency to best facilitate democratic leadership, as required by law, within the agency; and (9) provide specific best practices for the human resources functions within each agency, which the head of each agency shall implement with advice and recommendations, as appropriate, from the Administrator. 5. Accountability and reporting The Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall— (1) establish clear performance metrics to evaluate the success of the Plan; (2) on a regular basis, request analysis from the heads of agencies in order to perform the evaluations required under paragraph (1); and (3) consult with the heads of agencies, labor organizations, and other stakeholders to monitor progress with respect to the implementation of the Plan and ensure that the Plan is meeting the needs of candidates and agencies. 6. General provisions (a) Rule of construction Nothing in this Act may be construed to impair or otherwise affect— (1) the functions of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget relating to budgetary, administrative, or legislative proposals; or (2) the functions of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Open Market Committee relating to the conduct of monetary policy. (b) Implementation This Act shall be implemented consistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropriations. (c) No creation of rights or benefits This Act is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, any agency of the United States, any employee of the United States, any agent of the United States, or any other person.

119 S74 IS: Fair Play for Girls Act U.S. Senate 2025-01-13 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 74 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES January 13, 2025 Mrs. Blackburn (for herself, Mr. Risch , Mr. Wicker , Mr. Crapo , Ms. Ernst , Mrs. Capito , Mr. Sheehy , and Mr. Tuberville ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL To require the Attorney General to submit to Congress a report relating to violence against women in athletics. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Fair Play for Girls Act . 2. Report Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a report on violence against females in athletics in the United States that includes— (1) an analysis of— (A) the impediments to fair and safe competition for biological female athletes; (B) the prevalence of biological female athletes losing opportunities, including medals and championships, when competing against biological males; (C) the effectiveness of State laws aimed at mitigating the risk of bodily harm and loss of opportunity associated with the permitting of biological men to compete in women’s sports; (D) the prevalence and root causes of online violence, harassment, and abuse against women and girls in athletics; (E) the prevalence of sexual harassment and abuse of women and girls in athletics; and (F) the effectiveness of Federal and State laws aimed at preventing the sexual harassment and abuse of women and girls in athletics; and (2) policy recommendations to solve the issues described in paragraph (1).

119 S851 IS: Guaranteeing Unalienable and Anatomical Rights for Dependents Act U.S. Senate 2025-03-05 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. II 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. 851 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES March 5, 2025 Mr. Banks (for himself, Mr. Cotton , and Mr. Hawley ) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions A BILL To amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to disqualify any State that discriminates against parents or guardians who oppose medical, surgical, pharmacological, psychological treatment, or clothing and social changes related to affirming the subjective claims of gender identity expressed by any minor if such claimed identity is inconsistent with such minor’s biological sex from receiving funding under such Act. 1. Short title This Act may be cited as the Guaranteeing Unalienable and Anatomical Rights for Dependents Act or the GUARD Act . 2. State grant requirements The Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5101 et seq. ) is amended by inserting after section 3 the following: 4. State grant requirements (a) In general Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no State may receive funding under this Act if such State takes any adverse action or otherwise discriminates against parents, guardians, or legal representatives who oppose medical, surgical, pharmacological, psychological treatment, or other medical intervention, or clothing, name or pronoun use, or other social changes or practices related to transitioning to or affirming the claims or expressions of gender identity of any minor under the charge, care, or supervision of the parent, guardian, or legal representative, if such gender identity is inconsistent, in such parent's, guardian's, or legal representative's estimation, with such minor’s biological sex, as determined definitively at or before birth, regardless of any medical diagnosis or indication of gender dysphoria, body dysphoria, dissociative identity disorder, or social anxiety disorder. (b) Enforcement In the case of an award made by the Secretary under this Act in violation of subsection (a), any parent, guardian, or legal representative who experienced an adverse action or other discrimination described in subsection (a) by a State receiving funding under this Act may bring an action, in an appropriate Federal district court of the United States or State court, against the Department of Health and Human Services, seeking to enjoin the Secretary from continuing such award to such State and to require the State awarded amounts in violation of subsection (a) to return such funds to the Treasury. .

119 SRES 21 IS: Designating October 10, 2025, as “American Girls in Sports Day”. U.S. Senate 2025-01-13 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. III 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. RES. 21 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES January 13, 2025 Mrs. Blackburn (for herself, Mrs. Hyde-Smith , Mr. Lankford , Mr. Marshall , Mr. Johnson , Mr. Risch , Mr. Tillis , Mr. Grassley , Mr. Hoeven , Mr. Cotton , Ms. Ernst , Mr. Barrasso , Mr. Schmitt , Mrs. Britt , Mr. Cornyn , Ms. Lummis , Mr. Wicker , Mr. Tuberville , Mr. Daines , Mr. Graham , Mr. Cruz , Mr. Lee , Mr. Cramer , Mr. Crapo , Mr. Sheehy , Mr. Sullivan , Mr. Cassidy , and Mr. Hagerty ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation RESOLUTION Designating October 10, 2025, as American Girls in Sports Day . Whereas athletic participation has an important, positive impact on young girls, improving their physical health, self-confidence, and discipline; Whereas women have been responsible for some of the greatest athletic feats in the sports history of the United States, from the Olympic games to professional competition; Whereas female athletes have served as inspirations for generations of women and girls; Whereas the enactment of Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ) (referred to in this preamble as Title IX ) marked a pivotal moment in the Federal support of girls in sports; Whereas there are fundamental biological differences between men and women that put women at a competitive disadvantage in sports and jeopardize their safety during competition; Whereas, in recent years, there has been an increase in the number of biological men allowed to compete in women’s sports; Whereas, since 2003, biological men have displaced women and girls from over 950 championship titles, medals, scholarships, and records they should have rightfully won, including at least 28 women's sports titles in volleyball, swimming, mountain biking, track and field, weightlifting, and cycling; Whereas the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) has instituted new policies to protect biological girls in sports and ensure that only student athletes whose biological sex is female will be allowed to compete in NAIA-sponsored women’s sports teams; Whereas it is imperative that women’s and girl’s opportunities to compete athletically are protected; and Whereas October 10th, as represented by the Roman numerals XX , signifies the female XX chromosomes: Now, therefore, be it That the Senate— (1) recognizes October 10, 2025, as American Girls in Sports Day ; (2) celebrates the impact of women on the sports culture and history of the United States; (3) recognizes the importance of Title IX in protecting biological women in sports; and (4) calls on sports-governing bodies in the United States and abroad to protect biological women and girls in sports.

119 SRES 22 IS: Concerning the National Collegiate Athletic Association policy for eligibility in women’s sports. U.S. Senate 2025-01-13 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. III 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. RES. 22 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES January 13, 2025 Mrs. Blackburn (for herself, Mr. Risch , Mr. Wicker , Mr. Lankford , Mr. Crapo , Ms. Ernst , Mr. Marshall , Mr. Barrasso , Mr. Tillis , Mr. Sheehy , Mr. Tuberville , and Mr. Daines ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation RESOLUTION Concerning the National Collegiate Athletic Association policy for eligibility in women’s sports. Whereas athletic participation has an important positive impact on young girls, improving their physical, emotional, and psychological health, self-confidence, and discipline; Whereas women have been responsible for some of the greatest athletic feats in the history of sports in the United States, from the Olympic games to professional competition, through opportunities to compete in collegiate sports; Whereas the enactment of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ) (referred to in this preamble as title IX ) marked a pivotal moment in the Federal support of women in sports and applied to virtually all postsecondary institutions as recipients of Federal financial assistance; Whereas there are fundamental and enduring biological differences between males and females that put females at a competitive disadvantage in sports and jeopardize their safety during competition against males; Whereas, in 2010, the National Collegiate Athletic Association unilaterally adopted a policy that enables biological males to participate on women’s rosters and compete in the women’s sports category, a policy that continues today; Whereas the policy described in the previous proviso disproportionately negatively impacts female athletes; Whereas the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (referred to in this preamble as the NAIA ) has instituted new policies to protect biological women in sports and ensure that only student athletes whose biological sex is female will be allowed to compete on NAIA-sponsored women's sports teams; Whereas it is imperative that opportunities for collegiate women to compete athletically are protected on the basis of sex; and Whereas member institutions of the National Collegiate Athletic Association have an obligation under title IX to ensure equality of benefits and opportunities in athletic programs on the basis of sex: Now, therefore be it That the Senate— (1) calls on the National Collegiate Athletic Association (referred to in this resolution as NCAA ) to revoke its transgender student-athlete eligibility policy that directly discriminates against female student athletes; (2) implores the NCAA immediately to protect the integrity of collegiate women’s sports by forbidding transgender-identifying males to compete on any women’s sports roster or in any collegiate competition; (3) urges the NCAA to require its member conferences to conform to a biological sex-based policy across all sports and all divisions; and (4) calls on all sports-governing bodies in the United States to protect the category of women’s sport for biological women and girls.

119 SRES 295 IS: Supporting the designation of the week of June 23 through June 29, 2025, as “National Women’s Sports Week” to celebrate the anniversary of the enactment of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 and the growth of women’s sports. U.S. Senate 2025-06-12 text/xml EN Pursuant to Title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code, this file is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. III 119th CONGRESS 1st Session S. RES. 295 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES June 23, 2025 Ms. Ernst (for herself, Mr. Cramer , Mr. Lankford , Mr. Tuberville , Mr. Risch , Mr. Crapo , Mrs. Britt , Mrs. Hyde-Smith , and Mr. Hawley ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation RESOLUTION Supporting the designation of the week of June 23 through June 29, 2025, as National Women’s Sports Week to celebrate the anniversary of the enactment of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 and the growth of women’s sports. Whereas title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ) (referred to in this preamble as Title IX ) was enacted on June 23, 1972, to end unjust sex discrimination in education, including in athletics; Whereas Title IX transformed sports by guaranteeing women and girls the right to equal athletic opportunities; Whereas the purposes and benefits of Title IX are negated for women whenever men claiming to be women are granted access to female sports; Whereas Title IX has resulted in a 545 percent increase in the percentage of women playing college sports and a 990 percent increase in the percentage of women playing high school sports; Whereas athletic participation helps women and girls develop confidence, initiative, and leadership skills; Whereas policies allowing for the inclusion of men in women’s sports have no basis in biological fact or valid medical research; Whereas providing equal athletic opportunities in sports to women is impossible without single-sex teams and competitions reserved exclusively for female athletes; Whereas, without separate single-sex teams and competitions based on biological sex for men and women, men will dominate competitive sports where size, strength, and speed are factors, depriving female athletes of athletic and academic opportunities; Whereas the biological differences between men and women have led to women being injured by men competing in women’s sports; Whereas, since 2017, men have won at least 24 professional women’s sports titles and an innumerable number of unreported titles at the middle school, high school, and collegiate levels; Whereas, in 2018, at least 300 high school-aged boys in the United States ran the 400-meter dash faster than the most decorated female Olympic champion in the world has run it in her lifetime; and Whereas Executive Order 14201 (90 Fed. Reg. 9279; relating to keeping men out of women's sports) emphasizes opposition to male competitive participation in women’s sports as a matter of safety, fairness, dignity, and truth : Now, therefore, be it That the Senate supports— (1) observing National Women’s Sports Week as the week of June 23 through June 29, 2025, to recognize— (A) the incredible expansion of opportunities for female athletes since the enactment of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ); and (B) the role of the provisions of law described in subparagraph (A) in guaranteeing equal athletic opportunities for members of both sexes; and (2) marking the observance of National Women’s Sports Week with— (A) appropriate programs and activities that— (i) celebrate the contributions of individual female athletes in the United States; (ii) honor the coaches and parents who support female athletes in the United States; (iii) promote equal access to athletic opportunities for members of both sexes; and (iv) support the commitment of the United States to supporting female athletes; and (B) legislative efforts to protect single-sex sports.

